2023
  ANNUAL
  MANAGEMENT’S
  DISCUSSION
  AND ANALYSIS
  March 20, 2024



  CONSOLIDATED
  FINANCIAL
  STATEMENTS
  AND NOTES
  For the year ended
  December 31, 2023
                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    Power Corporation of Canada
    TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                                                                PART A


This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the ﬁnancial
condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation of
Canada (the Corporation) for the twelve-month and three-month periods
ended December 31, 2023 and the audited consolidated financial statement
of the Corporation as at and for the year ended December 31, 2023. This
document has been ﬁled with the securities regulatory authorities in each
of the provinces and territories of Canada and is available under the
Corporation’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.com.




                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada

                                                                                                                PART B
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                PART C




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                 1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by
a Member of the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned
by Power Corporation are used with permission.




2                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    Power Corporation of Canada
    PART A

                                                                                     PART A



Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE A 103




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA   A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA



                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the
                                       Corporation’s current expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations


PART A
                                       as disclosed in their respective MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s
                                       financial performance, financial position and cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current
                                       expectations and plans relating to the future, and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may
                                       include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities,
                                       priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and
                                       international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s NCIB commenced in 2024, statements concerning deferred taxes,
                                       the expectation based on the Corporation’s preliminary assessment of Pillar Two income taxes of the impact on adjusted net earnings, management of standalone
                                       businesses to realize value over time, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities by investment platforms, capital commitments by the Power group and third
                                       parties, the objective to maintain a minimum level of cash and cash equivalents relative to fixed charges, GBL’s intent to grow its portfolio and third-party asset
                                       management activity, and the Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed expectations, including in respect of Lifeco’s strategy of building the leading platform for
                                       independent advisors in Canada, the ongoing obligations resulting from the sale of Putnam to Franklin Templeton, and the proposed sale of Canada Life U.K.’s
                                       individual onshore protection business. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or
                                       conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative
                                       versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations,
                                       forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and
                                       priorities will not be achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance
                                       and results of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated
                                       or anticipated events or results. These factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors
                                       in North America and internationally, fluctuations in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of
                                       local and global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid
                                       securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties
                                       associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying future accounting changes, business competition, operational and
                                       reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government regulation and legislation, changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial or
                                       regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or an outbreak of a public health pandemic or other
                                       public health crises (such as COVID-19), the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and implement
                                       other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, and with respect to forward-looking
                                       statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking
                                       statements. Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making
                                       a forecast or projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, that any required
                                       approvals (including regulatory approvals) for strategic transactions, acquisitions, divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be received when
                                       and on such terms as are expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. In arriving at the preliminary
                                       assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes for the Corporation and its subsidiaries and the expectation regarding the impact on adjusted
                                       net earnings, management has relied on the interpretation of the relevant legislation by management of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. In estimating the
                                       impact of Lifeco, Lifeco management has assumed a starting point of its current mix of business and adjusted net earnings (defined as base earnings by Lifeco)
                                       growth consistent with its adjusted net earnings objectives disclosed in Part B of this MD&A. Other considerations also include the availability of cash to complete
                                       purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties in the previous paragraph, collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the risks identified by
                                       such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A and Annual Information Form most recently filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at
                                       www.sedarplus.com. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available to management, they may
                                       prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect
                                       events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new
                                       information, future events or results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in
                                       forward‐looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the
                                       securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.com.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Terms
                                       by which non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings)”,
                                       “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share (adjusted net earnings per share)”, “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”,
                                       “consolidated assets and assets under management”, “consolidated assets and assets under administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these
                                       financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance, financial condition and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they
                                       provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable
                                       to similar measures used by other entities. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS
                                       financial measures to measures prescribed by IFRS as well as additional details on each measure. Reconciliations of the adjusted net asset value and the holding
                                       company balance sheet are also included in the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (or adjusted net earnings) represents net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments.
                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset
                                       investment platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”,
                                       “assets under management and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing capital”,
                                       “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net carried interest”, “unfunded commitments” and “weighted average management fee rate”. As well, the presentation
                                       of the holding company is used to present and analyze the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company. Refer to the section
                                       “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.



                                             A  2                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


MARCH 20, 2024
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month and twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2023. The 2022 comparative




                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
periods are restated to reflect the adoption of IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments. This MD&A
should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes thereto for
the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements). Additional information
relating to Power Corporation, including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the Corporation’s website at
www.powercorporation.com and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com.

ORGANIZATION OF THE MD&A                                                                                                                                        PART A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Lifeco’s annual MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Lifeco in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.com) or from Lifeco’s website (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s annual MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.com) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Lifeco (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalization reported in the following sections are at
December 31, 2023 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                        A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS

                                       About the Corporation                                              Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5    Power Corporation of Canada                              5    65   Cash Flows                                                65




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       6    Group Structure                                          6    68   Capital Management                                        68
                                       9    Table of Holdings                                        9    70   Risk Management                                           70
                                       10   Financial Highlights                                     10   76   Financial Instruments and Other Instruments               76
                                                                                                          78   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                            78



PART A
                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                     79   Contingent Liabilities                                    79
                                       11   2023 Significant Developments and Transactions           11   79   Commitments and Contractual Obligations                   79
                                       15   Results of Power Corporation                             15
                                       16   Consolidated Statements of Earnings                      16   Accounting Policies
                                       18   Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings   18   79   Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments    79
                                                                                                          84   Changes in Accounting Policies                            84
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                           84   Adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9                            84
                                       21   Lifeco                                                   21   87   Future Accounting Changes                                 87
                                       28   IGM Financial                                            28
                                       35   GBL                                                      35   Other
                                       Other Components                                                   87   Transactions with Related Parties                         87
                                       40   Sagard and Power Sustainable                             40   88   Disclosure Controls and Procedures                        88
                                       51   Other                                                    51   88   Internal Control over Financial Reporting                 88
                                                                                                          89   Power Financial Corporation                               89
                                                                                                          91   Non-IFRS Financial Measures                               91
                                       Financial Position                                                 94   Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures   94
                                       54   Consolidated Balance Sheets                              54   98   Other Measures                                            98
                                       57   Holding Company Balance Sheets                           57   101 Selected Annual Information                                101
                                       63   Adjusted Net Asset Value                                 63   102 Summary of Quarterly Results                               102




                                             A  4                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA

OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that




                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it controls Lifeco and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the Frère Group of Belgium,
a controlling interest in GBL.


                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act like an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles
  Strong governance oversight
  Prudent approach to risk management

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Holding company levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
    traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, is developing alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.
The Corporation also has significant influence and controlling interests in several standalone businesses managed to create
and realize value over time.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                          A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at December 31, 2023, which include the
                                       operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PART A




                                          In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                          [1] Lifeco, through Canada Life, holds a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM holds a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                          [2] On January 1, 2024, subsequent to year-end, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of its interest in Putnam. Lifeco retained its interest in PanAgora.
                                              Refer to the section “Lifeco”.
                                          [3] Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which IGM holds an 80% equity interest
                                              and Lifeco holds a 20% equity interest.
                                          [4] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco has a 45.3% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                          [5] Includes a controlling interest in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM.
                                          [6] Refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                          [7] The Corporation holds a 53.5% interest in SHMI. Refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms”.




                                             A  6                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value [1], which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group, as well as show the
composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.




                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                       TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS

                  IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                     IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET

                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A




[1] Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measures. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[2] Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, held
    through Power Financial.
[3] Other includes the Corporation’s other investments and investments in standalone businesses, cash and other assets held by the holding company.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Lifeco and IGM. It also has significant holdings in a
                                       portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       LIF ECO
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $40.9 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at
                                       December 31, 2023, is an international financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance,
                                       retirement and investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the
                                       United States (U.S.) and Europe under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life.

PART A
                                       At December 31, 2023, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.1% and 2.4%, respectively, in Lifeco’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Lifeco voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $8.3 billion at December 31, 2023, is a leading wealth and asset
                                       management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors throughout North
                                       America, Europe and Asia. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset
                                       manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to its operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects.
                                       At December 31, 2023, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, held interests of 62.1% and 3.9%, respectively,
                                       in IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At December 31, 2023, Parjointco held a 31.0% indirect (45.3% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a
                                       Belgian holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €10.4 billion at December 31, 2023, is an established investment holding company.
                                       As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base and considers environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors as being inextricably linked to value
                                       creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments. GBL Capital
                                       conducts the group’s alternative assets activity which provides additional sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In
                                       addition, GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through Sienna Investment Managers.

                                       Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
                                       Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios
                                       in several alternative asset classes in three principal geographies: Europe, North America, and China. The alternative asset
                                       investment platforms offer alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term
                                       investment strategies generally invest in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset
                                       strategies include venture capital, private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At December 31, 2023,
                                       the alternative asset investments platforms had $25.8 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments
                                       (refer to the section “Other Measures”).

                                       S AG AR D
                                       Sagard is a multi-strategy alternative asset management firm with professionals principally located in Canada, the U.S., Europe
                                       and the Middle East. Sagard has active strategies in venture capital & growth, private equity, private credit, royalties and real
                                       estate. Sagard also engages in private wealth management. Sagard seeks to generate attractive returns by matching
                                       investment opportunities with flexible capital solutions and pairing entrepreneurs with teams that have deep industry
                                       knowledge. Sagard develops long-term partnerships and empowers the growth of its investments through a unique global
                                       network of portfolio companies, limited partners, advisors and other valued relationships. In September 2023, Sagard
                                       expanded its global footprint and opened an office in Abu Dhabi’s financial centre. At December 31, 2023, Sagard had
                                       $21.3 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
                                       The alternative investment management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI).
                                       The Corporation, through Sagard, held a 53.5% controlling interest in SHMI at December 31, 2023 (80.9% at December 31, 2022).




                                             A  8                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a sustainably led global alternative asset manager with offices in Canada, China, and the U.S. Power
Sustainable aims to create long-term value by actively investing in entrepreneurial management teams, companies and
projects with sustainable business models. Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to
decarbonization, social progress and quality growth, which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners,




                                                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
partners and employees. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable China (public
equities), Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit and Power Sustainable Lios (agri-
food). At December 31, 2023, Power Sustainable had $4.5 billion of assets under management, including unfunded
commitments.


                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
Other Investments and Standalone Businesses
Other investments and standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s investments held in investment and hedge funds as
well as equity investments in standalone businesses which are managed to create and realize value over time. The standalone
businesses include the Corporation’s interest in Peak and Lion Electric, as well as a controlling interest in LMPG.

TABLE OF HOLDINGS
At December 31, 2023, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:
                                                          % economic
Holdings                                                      interest       Nature of investment         Accounting method
Publicly traded operating companies [1]
  Lifeco [2]                                                       68.1      Controlling interest         Consolidation
  IGM [3]                                                          62.1      Controlling interest         Consolidation
         [4]
  GBL                                                              15.5      Joint control                Equity method
Alternative asset investment platforms
  Sagard
    SHMI [5]                                                       53.5      Controlling interest         Consolidation
    Wealthsimple [1][6]                                            14.4      Controlling interest         Consolidation
    Portage Ventures I [1][7]                                      63.0      Controlling interest         Consolidation
    Portage Ventures II [1][8]                                     12.4      Controlling interest         Consolidation
    Portage Ventures III [9]                                        2.4      Controlling interest         Consolidation
    Portage Capital Solutions [10]                                 39.4      Controlling interest         Consolidation
    Sagard Funds [11]                                          various       Investment                   Fair value through profit or loss
  Power Sustainable
    Power Sustainable Manager                                    100.0       Controlling interest         Consolidation
    Power Sustainable China
     (public equities)                                            < 5.0      Investment                   Fair value through other comprehensive income
    Power Sustainable Energy
     Infrastructure Partnership [12]                               38.2      Controlling interest         Consolidation
    Potentia                                                     100.0       Controlling interest         Consolidation
    Nautilus                                                     100.0       Controlling interest         Consolidation
Standalone businesses
  Peak                                                             42.6      Joint control                Equity method
  LMPG                                                             49.6      Controlling interest         Consolidation
  Lion                                                             34.1      Significant influence        Equity method
[1] Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
[2] IGM also holds a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
[3] Canada Life also holds a 3.9% interest in IGM.
[4] Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco holds a controlling interest in GBL.
[5] During the first and third quarters of 2023, management of Sagard made additional investments in SHMI and acquired a total interest of 2.6% as of December 31, 2023.
    SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant to which certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the
    form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 6-year period. At December 31, 2023, management of Sagard held an 12.7% interest in SHMI. Lifeco also held a 12.9% interest in SHMI.
[6] Portage Ventures I and IGM also hold interests of 10.9% and 31.3%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (see also the section “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power
    Sustainable”).
[7] Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
[8] Power Financial holds a 7.7% interest, Sagard holds a 4.7% interest, and Lifeco and IGM also hold equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
[9] Lifeco and IGM also hold interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
[10] Lifeco also holds a 34.8% interest in Portage Capital Solutions.
[11] The Corporation holds a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Lifeco also holds an investment in certain of these funds. Refer to the section “Asset
     Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
[12] Lifeco also holds a 14.7% interest in PSEIP.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                       SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                                             Three months ended                 Twelve months ended




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                               December 31,      September 30,      December 31,         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                     2023               2023                2022               2023             2022
                                       (in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                                                                (restated) [1]                      (restated) [1]

                                       Net earnings [2]                                                                                   406               975                    89          2,195            2,195



PART A
                                                                                              [2]
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                                            409               997               106              2,282            2,216
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [2][3]                                            579             1,007               395              2,959            2,004

                                       Per share – basic [2]:
                                          Net earnings                                                                                   0.63               1.47              0.14              3.32             3.27
                                          Net earnings from continuing operations                                                        0.63               1.50              0.16              3.45             3.30
                                                                                                           [4]
                                          Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                               0.89               1.52              0.59              4.47             2.99


                                       Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                     0.525              0.525             0.495              2.100            1.980
                                       Dividend yield [5]                                                                               5.5%               6.1%              6.2%


                                       Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                            749               715               704
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under management [3] (in billions)                         1,321              1,246             1,213
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under administration [3] (in billions)                     3,108              2,893             2,718


                                       Adjusted net asset value [2][3]                                                                34,917             31,801            27,963
                                                       [4]
                                          Per share                                                                                    53.53              48.26             41.91
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                             21,193             21,348            20,926
                                          Per share                                                                                    32.49              32.40             31.37

                                       Market capitalization                                                                          24,714             22,785            21,247

                                       Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
                                          Ending                                                                                       37.89              34.58             31.85              37.89            31.85
                                          High                                                                                         38.63              38.98             34.23              38.98            43.45
                                          Low                                                                                          32.33              34.48             29.76              32.00            29.76

                                       Number of participating shares outstanding
                                          End of period                                                                                652.2              658.9             667.1              652.2            667.1
                                          Average                                                                                      655.2              660.4             667.3              662.0            670.6

                                       [1] Refer to the section “Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9” in the section “2023 Significant Developments and Transactions”.
                                       [2] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [3] Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       [4] Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       [5] Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of a
                                           Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.




                                              A  10                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                                                                               Three months ended              Twelve months ended
                                                                                    December 31,    September 30,   December 31,     December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                          2023             2023             2022           2023              2022
                                                                                                                        (restated)                       (restated)




                                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Lifeco [1]                                                                                  662              649             595           2,500            2,209
IGM [1]                                                                                     124              130             140             510               538
      [1]
GBL                                                                                           (1)            315             (24)            423               (133)



                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
Effect of consolidation [2]                                                                 (27)               2              31             (43)               89
Publicly traded operating companies                                                         758            1,096             742           3,390            2,703


Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                (65)             (11)           (183)           (161)              (365)
ChinaAMC                                                                                      −                −              14               2                57
Other investments and standalone businesses                                                 (12)              34             (82)            148                (20)
                                                                                            681            1,119             491           3,379            2,375
Corporate operations and other [3]                                                         (102)            (112)            (96)           (420)              (371)
                            [4][5]
Adjusted net earnings                                                                       579            1,007             395           2,959            2,004
Adjustments [6]                                                                            (170)             (10)           (289)           (677)              212
                [4]
Net earnings                                                                                409             997              106           2,282            2,216
[1] Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
[2] Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
[3] Includes operating and other expenses, and dividends on non-participating shares of the Corporation and Power Financial.
[4] Attributable to participating shareholders.
[5] Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[6] Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.



2023 SIGNIFICANT DEVELOPMENTS AN D TRANSACTIONS

TRANSITION TO IFRS 17 AND IFRS 9
The Corporation and its subsidiaries adopted IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17), replacing IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts
(IFRS 4) effective January 1, 2023. IFRS 17 impacted only Lifeco due to its insurance activities. IFRS 17 establishes principles
for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. Under IFRS 17, groups of contracts are
measured as the estimate of the present value of fulfillment cash flows, adjusted for an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial
risk and the contractual service margin (CSM). While the new standard changes the measurement and timing of recognition
of insurance contracts and the corresponding presentation and disclosures in the Corporation’s consolidated financial
statements, it does not have a material impact or change to Lifeco’s underlying business strategy. The Corporation has
restated 2022 comparative results to reflect the adoption of IFRS 17.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries have also adopted IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9), replacing IAS 39, Financial
Instruments: Recognition and Measurement effective January 1, 2023. IFRS 9 provides changes to financial instruments
accounting for the following: classification and measurement of financial instruments based on a business model approach
for managing financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset; impairment based on an
expected loss model; and hedge accounting that incorporates the risk management practices of an entity. The adoption of
IFRS 9 has not resulted in a material change in assets, liabilities and earnings. Upon adoption of IFRS 9, the Corporation
elected to present comparative information for certain of its financial assets, primarily those held by Lifeco, as if the
classification and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 had been applied in the comparative period (IFRS 9 overlay), on an
instrument-by-instrument basis, as permitted by the amendment to IFRS 17 published by the IASB in December 2021.
Refer to the section “Adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9” in the section “Changes in Accounting Policies” as well as Note 2 and
Note 3 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HIGHLIGHTS AT THE PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES
                                       A number of strategic developments and transactions were completed throughout 2023, including:

                                       Lifeco




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Putnam Investments: On January 1, 2024, subsequent to year-end, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of
                                       Putnam to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as Franklin Templeton, in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares,
                                       cash, and other deferred and contingent consideration. The transaction is not expected to have a material financial impact for
                                       Lifeco at close and will be reflected in the first quarter 2024 results. Lifeco will retain its controlling interest in PanAgora, a
                                       leading quantitative asset manager, and has agreed to retain shares representing approximately 4.9% of outstanding Franklin

PART A
                                       Templeton stock for a minimum 5-year period.
                                       In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with the Corporation and Franklin Templeton, has entered into a strategic partnership to
                                       distribute Franklin Templeton products. Lifeco will provide an initial long-term asset allocation of US$25 billion assets under
                                       management to Franklin Templeton within 12 months of closing with the potential for that amount to increase over the next
                                       several years.
                                       Investment Planning Counsel: On November 30, 2023, Lifeco completed the previously announced acquisition of IPC, a
                                       leading independent wealth management firm, from IGM. This acquisition accelerates Lifeco’s strategy of building the leading
                                       platform for independent advisors in Canada. With this acquisition, Canada Life is one of the largest non-bank wealth
                                       management providers in Canada. Lifeco acquired IPC for a total purchase consideration of $585 million. Lifeco expects to
                                       incur transaction and integration costs of $25 million pre-tax over 18 months following the closing of the acquisition. The
                                       Corporation, through IGM, currently consolidates IPC and therefore the transaction did not have a significant impact on the
                                       Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings and balance sheets.
                                       Value Partners Group Inc. (Value Partners): On September 8, 2023, Canada Life completed its acquisition of Value Partners,
                                       bringing complementary capabilities that will further extend wealth offerings for advisors and their clients.
                                       With the acquisitions of Value Partners and IPC, Canada Life is accelerating its vision of becoming a leading destination for
                                       entrepreneurial advisors and their clients. Together, Canada Life had over 16,000 advisor relationships and $102 billion in
                                       assets under administration as at December 31, 2023.
                                       Other Transactions and Activities:
                                         On May 16, 2023, Canada Life United Kingdom (U.K.) announced an agreement to sell its individual onshore protection
                                           business to Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Approximately 47,000 customer
                                           policies will transfer to Countrywide in 2024, subject to the completion of a court-approved transfer. This follows the Canada
                                           Life U.K. announcement that it closed onshore individual protection insurance to new business in November 2022.
                                         During the fourth quarter of 2023, Lifeco undertook several strategic actions to help strengthen its market positions in
                                           Europe and enhance the outlook for 2024. The one-time financial impacts of these actions were excluded from adjusted
                                           net earnings.
                                              Following the successful launch of Lifeco’s joint venture, AIB Life, in 2023, Irish Life completed the sale to AIB Life of
                                                a portfolio of policies previously written under its pre-existing distribution agreement with Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c.
                                                The transaction resulted in a net gain of $118 million to Lifeco ($127 million of which was recorded in the fourth
                                                quarter of 2023). The sale of this portfolio of policies adds to the scale of AIB Life and accelerates the timeline to
                                                profitability.
                                              Lifeco recorded provisions of $159 million related to the write-off of intangible assets related to certain information
                                                technology systems as well as provisions for staff reductions starting in 2024. The write-off of intangible assets and
                                                the provision for staff reductions arose from the following business decisions and activities of Lifeco: i) subsequent
                                                to December 31, 2023, in the first quarter of 2024, Lifeco announced its decision to close to new business its U.K.
                                                on-shore wealth business; ii) the restructuring provision will support Lifeco’s German business with the
                                                implementation of its strategy to create growth through product diversification and an efficiency program leveraging
                                                the new administration platform and increased automation using artificial intelligence technologies; and
                                                iii) the continued implementation of Lifeco’s “one Irish Life” strategy including the build-out of digital customer
                                                technologies and increased automation in Ireland.
                                              An in-force block of U.K. annuity business was reinsured externally on attractive terms, supporting capital efficiency
                                                and capacity in this business line. This transaction increases the capacity for new U.K. annuity business in the buoyant
                                                U.K. market, where $991 million in business was written in the second half of 2023 and strengthened Lifeco’s position
                                                for 2024. The reinsurance transaction resulted in a net gain of $110 million to Lifeco.




                                            A  12                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


IGM Financial
Rockefeller Capital Management and Investment Planning Counsel: On April 3, 2023, IGM Financial purchased a 20.5%
equity interest in Rockefeller, a leading U.S. independent financial services advisory firm, for consideration of $835 million
(US$622 million) and for which payment was completed on June 2, 2023.




                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Highlights of the Rockefeller transaction include:
  The expansion of IGM’s wealth management footprint, through Rockefeller, into the U.S., with a brand and business
    model focused on the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth segments;
  A strategic ownership position with two board seats and rights enhancing IGM’s opportunity to increase its equity interest
    in Rockefeller in the future; and
                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
  The opportunity for knowledge sharing and collaboration between Rockefeller and IGM’s wealth management business.
Concurrently with the Rockefeller transaction, IGM entered into an agreement to sell 100% of the common shares of IPC to
Canada Life. On November 30, 2023, IGM completed the sale of IPC for proceeds of $575 million, plus adjustments, and
recorded a gain of $221 million. The Corporation eliminated this gain on consolidation and therefore the transaction did not
have a significant impact on the Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings and balance sheets.
China Asset Management Co.: On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed the previously announced
transaction in which the group’s interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. The Corporation sold its 13.9% interest in
ChinaAMC to Mackenzie, for aggregate consideration of $1.15 billion in cash, increasing IGM’s interest in ChinaAMC to
27.8%. The Corporation’s shareholders continue to participate in ChinaAMC through the Corporation’s interest in IGM. The
Corporation accounted for the group’s 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC as an associate in its consolidated financial statements;
therefore, the transaction did not have an impact on the carrying value of the investment in ChinaAMC in the consolidated
balance sheets.
In a separate transaction, on January 12, 2023, IGM sold approximately 15.2 million Lifeco common shares to Power Financial,
for cash consideration of $553 million. At the time of the transaction, IGM’s interest in Lifeco decreased from 4.0% to 2.4%
and Power Financial’s equity interest in Lifeco increased to 68.2%. IGM’s accounting gain on the sale of the Lifeco shares was
$169 million after tax, consisting of $175 million recorded in the first quarter and a decrease of $6 million that was recorded
on a prospective basis in the second quarter. The Corporation has eliminated the net gain on consolidation.

GBL
Webhelp Group and Concentrix Corporation (Concentrix): On September 25, 2023, Webhelp and Concentrix completed
the previously announced agreement to combine, thereby creating a global player in customer experience. GBL’s payment
terms at closing consisted of i) Concentrix shares (Concentrix + Webhelp), representing a market value of €610 million (13.2%
of the capital and voting rights as of September 30, 2023); ii) earn-out shares that could give access to additional capital of
the combined entity if certain thresholds are reached, representing a market value of €17 million; iii) a seller note entitling
GBL to receive approximately €510 million in cash on the second anniversary of the transaction closing, corresponding to an
estimated present value of €460 million; and iv) cash of €15 million. Upon completion of this transaction, GBL recorded a gain
on deconsolidation of Webhelp of approximately €1.3 billion, including the reversal of the liability to Webhelp’s minority
shareholders, which was extinguished without any impact on GBL’s cash at the closing of the transaction. Since the acquisition
of Webhelp in 2019, GBL has recognized cumulative net increases in value of the liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders
of €1.2 billion.
Portfolio Rotation: During 2023, GBL continued to actively rotate its portfolio, and completed disposals within its portfolio of
publicly listed investments, generating total proceeds of approximately €1.2 billion, including i) the disposal of its residual
interest in MOWI of 1.9%, for proceeds of €158 million; ii) a reduction of its interest in Pernod Ricard from 6.9% at
December 31, 2022 to 6.7%, for proceeds of €110 million; iii) exited its remaining 2.1% interest in Holcim following the
maturity of forward sales with cumulative dividend on May 31, 2023, generating net proceeds of €567 million; and iv) the sale
of the majority of its interest in GEA, equivalent to approximately 6.5% of GEA’s capital, for proceeds of €365 million. These
disposals generated a total net capital gain of €80 million for GBL (no impact on the net consolidated result in accordance
with IFRS 9).
Share Repurchases: During 2023, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries, 11.0 million shares of its own capital
for a total consideration of €816 million. In March 2023, GBL’s board of directors approved a sixth allocation for share
buybacks of €500 million, subsequently increased to €630 million, which GBL started to execute in May 2023. At
December 31, 2023, the sixth allocation for share buybacks had been executed. On November 2, 2023, GBL’s board of
directors approved a seventh allocation of €500 million. During the second quarter of 2023, GBL cancelled 6.3 million of its
treasury shares and is expected to propose a resolution to cancel 8.3 million treasury shares at its Extraordinary General
meeting on May 2, 2024.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                        A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HIGHLIGHTS AT THE ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS
                                       Fundraising
                                       In 2023, the alternative asset investment platforms continued their fundraising efforts, raising a total of $2.7 billion [1], including
                                       the following:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       S AG AR D
                                         Sagard Senior Lending: On February 8, 2023, Sagard announced the initial close of Sagard Senior Lending Partners, with
                                              commitments totalling US$315 million. At December 31, 2023, total commitments are US$515 million, of which
                                              US$338 million is currently callable.

PART A
                                         Portage Capital Solutions: In 2023, Sagard raised commitments of US$393 million in Portage Capital Solutions, of which
                                              US$381 million is currently callable.
                                         Sagard NewGen: In 2023, Sagard completed the final close of its European private equity fund, Sagard NewGen, raising
                                              additional capital of €82 million, increasing the total committed capital to €313 million. The Corporation also reduced its
                                              total commitment to Sagard NewGen by €42 million through secondary transactions.
                                         Sagard Healthcare Partners: In the second quarter of 2023, Sagard commenced fundraising for the second series of
                                              Sagard Healthcare Partners, and completed the initial close raising commitments of up to US$300 million, increasing total
                                              commitments of the fund up to US$1,026 million at December 31, 2023.

                                       POWER S US TAINABLE
                                         Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit: On March 9, 2023, Power Sustainable announced the launch of its Global
                                              infrastructure credit platform and in 2023 raised total commitments of US$600 million from subsidiaries of Lifeco.
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP): On November 29, 2023, Power Sustainable announced
                                              the final close of Vintage II of PSEIP. The partnership raised $200 million of additional capital commitments in 2023,
                                              increasing the committed capital of the investment platform to $1.8 billion.
                                         Power Sustainable Lios: In 2023, Power Sustainable raised an additional $44 million, increasing the total committed
                                              capital to $263 million, of which $234 million is currently callable.

                                       Other Developments

                                       S AG AR D
                                       New Strategic Partnerships in SHMI: In July 2023, Sagard announced new strategic partnerships with Abu Dhabi Developmental
                                       Holding Co. (ADQ), an Abu Dhabi-based investment and holding company, and Bank of Montreal (BMO). As part of this
                                       transaction, Sagard has also expanded its existing partnership with Lifeco, and the strategic partners have agreed to make
                                       respective commitments of additional long-term capital in Sagard’s existing and future investment strategies. The strategic
                                       partnerships transaction closed on September 28, 2023. On closing, ADQ, BMO and Lifeco acquired an aggregate minority
                                       interest of 29.0% in SHMI. The Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of SHMI and the transaction did not have a
                                       significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.
                                       Other Transactions:
                                         On September 22, 2023, Sagard acquired a 75.0% economic interest (49.0% voting interest) in Diagram Corporation.
                                              Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies, primarily in the financial services
                                              (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and invested in more than 20 companies across five funds. Upon
                                              the closing of the transaction, the Corporation, through Sagard, has determined that it has control of Diagram in
                                              accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result, the Corporation has consolidated Diagram,
                                              including its controlled funds, on the date of the acquisition.

                                        SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
                                         In January 2024, subsequent to year-end, SHMI completed the previously announced transaction to acquire a strategic
                                              interest in Performance Equity Management, LLC (PEM), a global, multi-product, private equity investment firm. Sagard’s
                                              investment in PEM marks its establishment of a fund of funds, secondary and co-investment platform. The agreement
                                              includes a path for Sagard to acquire all of the remaining equity of PEM on December 31, 2028.
                                         On March 13, 2024, subsequent to year-end, SHMI announced the acquisition of a 40% interest and strategic partnership
                                              with HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC (HalseyPoint), a U.S.-based Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLO) manager.
                                              The HalseyPoint CLO strategy broadens Sagard’s credit offering, which includes opportunistic credit and senior lending
                                              across North America.



                                        [1]   Includes commitments from the Corporation, associated companies and third parties. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of
                                              Segments and Operating Results”.




                                              A  14                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION

This section presents:
  The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in accordance with IFRS”; and




                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and GBL, which are held through
    Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and the Corporation’s other
    investments and standalone businesses to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation. A discussion
    of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows in the section “Review of Segments
    and Operating Results”.
Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Effective the first quarter of 2023, the Corporation introduced a refined                                 PART A
definition of adjusted net earnings. This change is consistent with the introduction of a refined definition of base earnings
(losses) by Lifeco with the adoption of IFRS 17 on January 1, 2023, for an updated representation of Lifeco’s underlying
business performance, as well as to enhance consistency and comparability with its financial services peers. The comparative
periods in 2022 have been restated to reflect this change. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION
IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
The 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with IFRS and are
presented in Canadian dollars.
The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
Lifeco, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Portage Ventures III funds, which are controlled
by Power Financial. Power Financial’s investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly
controlled by Power Financial and the Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
relevant activities of the fund.

Presentation of the Holding Company
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s investments
in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition to the asset
management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The Corporation
evaluates its performance based on the operating segment’s contribution to earnings.
The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
investments in Lifeco, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash,
investments, debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash
Flows” present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 36
of the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                        A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
                                       Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months and twelve months ended December 31, 2023
                                       are presented below. The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company.
                                       These tables reflect the contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       its reportable segments and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which
                                       include controlled and consolidated investment funds and investments, and the Corporation’s other investments and
                                       standalone businesses.

                                       Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended

PART A
                                                                                                                           Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                 Investment
                                                                                                              Holding         Platforms and             Effect of                        Power Corporation
                                                                                     Lifeco     IGM      GBL company                 Other [1]   consolidation [2]                    Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                      December 31,          September 30,         December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                            2023                   2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (restated)

                                       Insurance service result
                                         Insurance revenue                          5,174         −        −          −                    −                    −             5,174                 5,110                5,442
                                         Insurance service expenses                 (3,898)       −        −          −                    −                    −             (3,898)              (3,921)              (4,368)
                                         Net expense from reinsurance
                                          contracts                                   (386)       −        −          −                    −                    −               (386)                (401)                (376)
                                       Total insurance service result                 890         −        −          −                    −                    −                890                  788                  698
                                       Net investment result
                                         Net investment income (loss) [3]          13,483      235         −          9                   99                (228)            13,598                (3,023)               3,507
                                         Net investment result from
                                          insurance activities [4]                (13,208)        −        −          −                    −                    −           (13,208)                3,836               (3,373)
                                       Total net investment result                    275      235         −          9                   99                (228)                390                  813                  134
                                       Fee income and other revenues                1,558      837         −          −                 239                  (33)             2,601                 2,569                2,378
                                       Operating and administrative
                                        expenses                                    (2,002)    (609)       −        (40)                (459)                 12              (3,098)              (2,654)              (2,673)
                                       Financing charges                              (104)     (39)       −        (14)                 (29)                  (1)              (187)                (202)                (228)
                                       Earnings before investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations
                                        and associates, and income taxes              617      424         −        (45)                (150)               (250)                596                1,314                  309
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of
                                        investments in jointly controlled
                                        corporations and associates                    (10)      51        (1)        −                  (11)                (22)                     7               327                  (80)
                                       Earnings before income taxes                   607      475         (1)      (45)                (161)               (272)                603                1,641                  229
                                       Income tax expense (recovery)                  (170)      53        −          −                  (26)                   −               (143)                 198                    (5)
                                       Net earnings – continuing
                                        operations                                    777      422         (1)      (45)                (135)               (272)                746                1,443                  234
                                       Net loss – discontinued
                                        operations                                      (3)       −        −          −                    −                    −                     (3)             (31)                 (26)
                                       Net earnings                                   774      422         (1)      (45)                (135)               (272)                743                1,412                  208

                                       Attributable to
                                         Non-controlling interests                    295      315         −         35                  (49)               (272)                324                  424                  106
                                         Non-participating shareholders                  −        −        −         13                    −                    −                 13                   13                   13
                                         Participating shareholders of
                                          Power Corporation [2]                       479      107         (1)      (93)                 (86)                   −                406                  975                   89
                                                                                      774      422         (1)      (45)                (135)               (272)                743                1,412                  208
                                       [1] “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other” is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment
                                           funds, as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s other
                                           investments and standalone businesses.
                                       [2] The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions, the application of
                                           the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control, and reflects adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM for comparative periods presented
                                           prior to the Corporation’s adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other to net earnings
                                           attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding company.
                                       [3] Includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.



                                              A  16                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated Net Earnings – Twelve months ended
                                                                                                    Alternative Asset
                                                                                                          Investment
                                                                                          Holding      Platforms and             Effect of         Power Corporation
                                                     Lifeco         IGM           GBL    company              Other [1]   consolidation [2]     Consolidated net earnings




                                                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                              December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                                                                    2023                2022
                                                                                                                                                                    (restated)

Insurance service result
  Insurance revenue                                20,402              −             −         −                    −                    −         20,402             19,632


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
  Insurance service expenses                      (15,777)             −             −         −                    −                    −        (15,777)           (15,272)
  Net expense from reinsurance
   contracts                                        (1,544)            −             −         −                    −                    −          (1,544)           (1,531)
Total insurance service result                       3,081             −             −         −                    −                    −          3,081              2,829
Net investment result
  Net investment income (loss) [3]                 15,348           438              −        67                 396                 (390)         15,859            (23,365)
  Net investment result from
   insurance activities [4]                       (13,820)             −             −         −                    −                    −        (13,820)            26,012
Total net investment result                          1,528          438              −        67                 396                 (390)          2,039              2,647
Fee income and other revenues                        5,874        3,432              −         −                 974                 (113)         10,167              9,267
Operating and administrative
 expenses                                           (6,994)      (2,562)             −      (187)             (1,540)                  69         (11,214)            (9,683)
Financing charges                                     (426)        (141)             −       (55)                (137)                  (7)          (766)               (672)
Earnings before investments in jointly
 controlled corporations and
 associates, and income taxes                        3,063        1,167              −      (175)                (307)               (441)          3,307              4,388
Share of earnings (losses) of
 investments in jointly controlled
 corporations and associates                              5         200           423         99                     1               (113)            615                   (34)
Earnings before income taxes                         3,068        1,367           423        (76)                (306)               (554)          3,922              4,354
Income tax expense (recovery)                           53          214              −        42                  (31)                (15)            263                   646
Net earnings – continuing operations                 3,015        1,153           423       (118)                (275)               (539)          3,659              3,708
Net loss – discontinued operations                    (124)            −             −         −                    −                    −           (124)                  (32)
Net earnings                                         2,891        1,153           423       (118)                (275)               (539)          3,535              3,676

Attributable to
  Non-controlling interests                          1,078          709              −       138                  (98)               (539)          1,288              1,429
  Non-participating shareholders                          −            −             −        52                    −                    −             52                   52
  Participating shareholders of
   Power Corporation [2]                             1,813          444           423       (308)                (177)                   −          2,195              2,195
                                                     2,891        1,153           423       (118)                (275)               (539)          3,535              3,676
[1] “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other” is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment
    funds, as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s other
    investments and standalone businesses.
[2] The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions, the application of
    the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control, and reflects adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM for comparative periods
    presented prior to the Corporation’s adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and
    Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
    company.
[3] Includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
[4] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.



As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM and GBL is
provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
                                       This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
                                       participating shareholders from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset
                                       investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, and the Corporation’s




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       other investments and standalone businesses.
                                                                                                                                                        Three months ended                  Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                      December 31,       September 30,         December 31,       December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                                            2023                2023                   2022             2023               2022
                                                                                                                                                                   (restated)                          (restated)



PART A
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1]
                                       Lifeco [2][3]                                                                            662                 649                  595            2,500              2,209
                                       IGM [2]                                                                                  124                 130                  140              510                538
                                             [2]
                                       GBL                                                                                        (1)               315                   (24)            423               (133)
                                       Effect of consolidation [4]                                                               (27)                  2                   31             (43)                89
                                                                                                                                758               1,096                  742            3,390              2,703
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                              (65)                (11)               (183)            (161)              (365)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]                                                                               −                    −                   14               2                 57
                                       Other investments and standalone businesses                                               (12)                 34                  (82)            148                (20)
                                       Corporate operating and other expenses                                                    (54)                (65)                 (49)           (230)              (184)
                                       Dividends on non-participating and perpetual
                                        preferred shares                                                                         (48)                (47)                 (47)           (190)              (187)
                                                                                                                                579               1,007                  395            2,959             2,004
                                       Adjustments [6]
                                       Lifeco [2][3]                                                                            (155)                (10)               (277)            (549)               206
                                       IGM [2]                                                                                  137                    −                    −             204                  −
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                  (152)                  −                  (12)           (278)                16
                                                                                                                                (170)                (10)               (289)            (623)               222
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                               −                    −                    −               −                (10)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]                                                                               −                    −                    −             (54)                 −
                                                                                                                                (170)                (10)               (289)            (677)              212
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations [7]
                                       Lifeco [2][3]                                                                            507                 639                  318            1,951              2,415
                                       IGM [2]                                                                                  261                 130                  140              714                538
                                       GBL [2]                                                                                    (1)               315                   (24)            423               (133)
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                  (179)                  2                   19            (321)               105
                                                                                                                                588               1,086                  453            2,767              2,925
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                              (65)                (11)               (183)            (161)              (375)
                                       ChinaAMC [5]                                                                               −                    −                   14             (52)                57
                                       Other investments and standalone businesses                                               (12)                 34                  (82)            148                (20)
                                       Corporate operating and other expenses                                                    (54)                (65)                 (49)           (230)              (184)
                                       Dividends on non-participating and perpetual
                                        preferred shares                                                                         (48)                (47)                 (47)           (190)              (187)
                                                                                                                                409                 997                  106            2,282             2,216
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued
                                        operations – Putnam [3]                                                                   (3)                (22)                 (17)            (87)               (21)
                                       Net earnings [7]                                                                         406                 975                    89           2,195             2,195
                                       [1] Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings) is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. For a
                                           reconciliation of Lifeco, IGM, and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings, refer to the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”,
                                           and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net
                                           earnings of each.
                                       [2] Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
                                       [3] Comparative results have been restated to exclude net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to Putnam.
                                       [4] See table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       [5] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. The Corporation sold its 13.9%
                                           interest in ChinaAMC to IGM and no longer holds a direct interest in ChinaAMC. Refer to the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       [6] See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                               A  18                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                               Three months ended              Twelve months ended
                                                                                   December 31,    September 30,    December 31,     December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                         2023             2023              2022           2023              2022
                                                                                                                        (restated)                       (restated)




                                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Earnings per share – basic [1]
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                          0.89             1.52             0.59             4.47             2.99
Adjustments                                                                               (0.26)           (0.02)           (0.43)          (1.02)            0.31
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                   0.63             1.50             0.16             3.45             3.30

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                    −             (0.03)           (0.02)          (0.13)           (0.03)
Net earnings                                                                              0.63             1.47             0.14             3.32             3.27
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.


EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
Effect of consolidation reflects:
   The elimination of intercompany transactions;
   The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common control to the reported net
      earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
         i)     An adjustment related to Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP and SHMI; and
         ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II,
                Portage Ventures III and Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Lifeco and IGM based on their
                respective interest; and
   Adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM and GBL for comparative periods presented prior to the Corporation’s
      adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023.

The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Lifeco, IGM and GBL:
                                                                                                               Three months ended              Twelve months ended
                                                                                  December 31,     September 30,    December 31,     December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                        2023              2023              2022           2023              2022
                                                                                                                        (restated)                       (restated)

Lifeco                                                                                     (24)               (6)            (33)            (50)              (30)
IGM                                                                                         (3)               8                (8)             7                1
GBL                                                                                          −                −               72               −              118
                                                                                           (27)               2               31             (43)              89


Per share [1]                                                                            (0.04)               −             0.05            (0.07)            0.14
[1] Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                         Q4 2023 vs. Q4 2022 and Q3 2023                                                      2023 vs. 2022

                                       Net earnings
                                       $406 million or $0.63 per share, compared with $89 million or      $2,195 million or $3.32 per share, compared with $2,195 million or
                                       $0.14 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, and           $3.27 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       $975 million or $1.47 per share in the third quarter of 2023.      of 1.5% on a per share basis.

                                       Net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $409 million or $0.63 per share, compared with $106 million or     $2,282 million or $3.45 per share, compared with $2,216 million or
                                       $0.16 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, and           $3.30 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase


PART A
                                       $997 million or $1.50 per share in the third quarter of 2023.      of 4.5% on a per share basis.


                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                       $579 million or $0.89 per share, compared with $395 million or     $2,959 million or $4.47 per share, compared with $2,004 million or
                                       $0.59 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase   $2.99 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase
                                       of 50.8% on a per share basis, and $1,007 million or               of 49.5% on a per share basis.
                                       $1.52 per share in the third quarter of 2023.

                                       Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations from Lifeco, IGM and GBL
                                       Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of          Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of
                                       $588 million, compared with $453 million in the corresponding       $2,767 million, compared with $2,925 million in the corresponding
                                       period in 2022, an increase of 29.8%, and $1,086 million in         period in 2022, a decrease of 5.4%.
                                       the third quarter of 2023.                                          Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations   of $3,390 million, compared with $2,703 million in the
                                       of $758 million, compared with $742 million in the                 corresponding period in 2022, an increase of 25.4%.
                                       corresponding period in 2022, an increase of 2.2%, and
                                       $1,096 million in the third quarter of 2023.



                                       Main Drivers of Earnings

                                       NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S FROM CONTINU ING OPERATIONS
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings for the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 increased
                                       by $303 million and by $184 million or 46.6%, respectively, from the corresponding quarter of 2022:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $189 million or 59.4% and by $67 million or
                                           11.3%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings increased by $121 million or 86.4% and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                           decreased by $16 million or 11.4%.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of negative $1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared with a negative
                                           contribution of $24 million in the fourth quarter of 2022.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings include a positive contribution of $21 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $86 million from Power Sustainable in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared with a negative contribution
                                           from Sagard and Power Sustainable of $23 million and $160 million, respectively, in 2022.

                                       The Corporation’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 increased
                                       by $66 million or 3.0% and by $955 million or 47.7%, respectively, from the corresponding period in 2022:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings decreased by $464 million or 19.2% and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                           increased by $291 million or 13.2%.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings increased by $176 million or 32.7% and the contribution to adjusted net earnings
                                           decreased by $28 million or 5.2%.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of $423 million, compared with a negative contribution of $133 million in 2022.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings include a positive contribution of $11 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $172 million from Power Sustainable in 2023, compared with a negative contribution from Sagard and
                                           Power Sustainable of $42 million and $323 million, respectively, in 2022.

                                       A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM
                                       Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.
                                       For additional discussion of the results of Lifeco and IGM, refer to Part B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.




                                            A  20                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS

PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES




                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Lifeco

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
Lifeco is an international financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and
investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe

                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
under the brands Canada Life, Empower and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Lifeco has four major reportable segments:
Canada, the United States, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. Lifeco is advancing its business strategy and driving
momentum across its portfolio, including enhancing its reporting and disclosures to provide greater clarity and transparency
into how it is creating value for shareholders and growing its business. Lifeco focuses on three key value drivers for its
business: Workplace Solutions (including group life & health, group retirement, and pension administration and record-
keeping services); Wealth & Asset Management (including retail savings and wealth products); and Insurance & Risk Solutions
(including life insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage for individuals, and payout annuities for individuals and
pension plans as well as reinsurance). On January 1, 2024, subsequent to year-end, Lifeco completed the previously
announced sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton, and as a result of the transaction Putnam is presented as
discontinued operations.
The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
individuals, families, businesses and organizations primarily through the Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth
Management, and Insurance & Annuities business units. Through the Workplace Solutions business unit, Lifeco offers group
life and health benefits, group creditor and group retirement and investment products, including life, accidental death and
dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental protection, and creditor insurance, as well as retirement savings
and income and annuity products and other speciality products to group clients in Canada. Through the Individual Wealth
Management business unit, Lifeco provides wealth savings and income products and services to individual customers. The
Insurance & Annuities business unit offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services, as well
as individual life annuities and single-premium group annuities.
The United States segment is operated by Empower through the Empower Defined Contribution and the Empower Personal
Wealth business units, as well by PanAgora through the Asset Management business unit. The Empower Defined Contribution
business unit helps people with saving, investing and advice through employer-sponsored defined contribution, defined
benefit and non-qualified plans. The Empower Personal Wealth business unit offers individual product solutions and provides
retail wealth management products and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and after-tax
investment accounts. The Asset Management business unit provides investment management services, related administrative
functions and distribution services, and offers a broad range of investment products. The Corporate business unit includes
items not associated directly with or allocated to the Empower and PanAgora Asset Management business units, including a
retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life Insurance
Company, as well as a closed retrocession block of life insurance. The United States segment also includes the results of
Putnam which has been classified as discontinued operations.
The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
along with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland. The Workplace Solutions business unit consists of group
life and health insurance business in the U.K. and Ireland as well as group retirement and employee benefit consulting services
in Ireland. The Individual Wealth & Asset Management business unit consists of investment products (including life bonds,
retirement drawdown and pension) offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment products offered in Ireland and
pension products offered in Germany. Irish Life Investment Managers (ILIM) is one of Lifeco’s fund management operations
in Ireland. In addition to managing assets on behalf of companies in the Lifeco group, ILIM also manages assets for a wide
range of institutional clients across Europe and North America. The Insurance & Annuities business unit consists of bulk and
individual payout annuities offered in the U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual
insurance offered in Ireland and Germany.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions value
driver, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided through
Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or
through reinsurance brokers.
See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Lifeco.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       R ES U LTS

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                         Three months ended                   Twelve months ended




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                        December 31,      September 30,         December 31,       December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                                              2023               2023                   2022             2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                                                    (restated)                            (restated)

                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                             68.2                 68.2                 66.6              68.2               66.6
                                       Contribution to earnings


PART A
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                 482                 633                  285             1,898              2,386
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                        638                 643                  562             2,450              2,179


                                       Total dividend received                                                                                                                            1,322              1,216


                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in Lifeco, carrying value                                                                                                            15,326             14,579
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                  57.1               54.8

                                         Investment in Lifeco, fair value                                                                                                                27,871             19,414
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                   68.7               57.7



                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                        Three months ended                    Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                       December 31,       September 30,        December 31,        December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                                             2023                2023                  2022              2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                                                   (restated)                             (restated)

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                           As reported by Lifeco                                                                662                  649                  595             2,500              2,209
                                           Effect of consolidation [1]                                                           (24)                  (6)                 (33)              (50)               (30)
                                                                                                                                638                  643                  562             2,450              2,179
                                         Adjustments
                                           As reported by Lifeco                                                                (155)                 (10)               (277)             (549)               206
                                                                       [2]
                                           Effect of consolidation                                                                 (1)                  −                    −                (3)                 1
                                                                                                                                (156)                 (10)               (277)             (552)               207
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                482                  633                  285             1,898              2,386
                                         Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                 (3)                (21)                 (17)              (85)               (21)
                                         Net earnings                                                                           479                  612                  268             1,813              2,365
                                       [1] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                           common control including an adjustment for Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       [2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.




                                       Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Lifeco

                                                                                                                                                        Three months ended                    Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                       December 31,       September 30,        December 31,        December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                                             2023                2023                  2022              2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                                                   (restated)                             (restated)

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1][2][3]                               1.04                1.02                 0.96               3.94               3.56
                                       Adjustments [4]                                                                         (0.24)              (0.01)                (0.45)            (0.87)              0.33
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations [1]                                              0.80                1.01                 0.51               3.07               3.89
                                                       [1]
                                       Net earnings                                                                             0.79                0.97                 0.48               2.94               3.86
                                       [1] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
                                       [2] Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A. With
                                           the adoption of IFRS 17, in the first quarter of 2023 Lifeco refined the definition of base earnings (loss) for an updated representation of Lifeco’s underlying business
                                           performance, as well as to enhance consistency and comparability with financial services industry peers. The comparative periods have been adjusted to reflect this change.
                                       [3] Comparative results have been restated to exclude net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to Putnam.
                                       [4] See the section “Adjustments” below.




                                              A  22                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                  Three months ended                      Twelve months ended
                                                                                    December 31,    September 30,       December 31,          December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                          2023             2023                 2022                2023                  2022
                                                                                                                            (restated)                                (restated)




                                                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations [1][2]
  Canada                                                                                    301                296                260                 1,158              1,164
  United States [3]                                                                         261                262                215                 1,006                737
  Europe                                                                                    213                206                256                   777                845


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
  Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                236                198                181                   794                598
  Lifeco Corporate                                                                          (40)               (12)                (18)                 (68)                (26)
                                                                                            971                950                894                 3,667              3,318
Adjustments [4]
  Market experience relative to expectations [5]                                           (213)               153               (386)                 (307)               530
  Realized OCI gains (losses) from asset rebalancing                                          −                  −                   −                 (121)                  −
  Assumption changes and management actions [5][6]                                           83               (106)                 (5)                 (20)                 47
  Other non-market related impacts [6][7]                                                   (98)               (61)                (25)                (357)               (267)
                                                                                           (228)               (14)              (416)                 (805)               310
Net earnings from continuing operations [1]
  Canada                                                                                    166                414                352                   961              1,431
  United States                                                                             194                244                168                   769                464
  Europe                                                                                    217                 25                 (25)                 384              1,202
  Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                215                265                   3                  833                542
  Lifeco Corporate                                                                          (49)               (12)                (20)                 (85)                (11)
                                                     [1]
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                     743                936                478                 2,862              3,628
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam [3]                                 (3)              (31)                (26)                (124)                (32)
Net earnings [1]                                                                            740                905                452                 2,738              3,596
[1] Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
[2] Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by
    segment. With the adoption of IFRS 17, in the first quarter of 2023 Lifeco refined the definition of base earnings (loss) for an updated representation of Lifeco’s underlying
    business performance, as well as to enhance consistency and comparability with financial services industry peers. The comparative periods have been adjusted to reflect
    this change.
[3] Comparative results have been restated to exclude net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to Putnam.
[4] See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Lifeco; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
[5] Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.
[6] Following internal reviews at Lifeco, the mapping of certain assumption changes and management actions and business transformation impacts has been modified to
    reflect current presentation and comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 have been restated, as applicable.
[7] Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
    intangible assets and tax legislative changes impacts.


                        Q4 2023 vs. Q4 2022 and Q3 2023                                                                     2023 vs. 2022

Net earnings
$740 million or $0.79 per share, compared with $452 million or      $2,738 million or $2.94 per share, compared with $3,596 million or
$0.48 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase of $3.86 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, a decrease of
64.6% on a per share basis, and $905 million or $0.97 per share in  23.8% on a per share basis.
the third quarter of 2023.

Net earnings from continuing operations
$743 million or $0.80 per share, compared with $478 million or      $2,862 million or $3.07 per share, compared with $3,628 million or
$0.51 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase of $3.89 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, a decrease of
56.9% on a per share basis, and $936 million or $1.01 per share in  21.1% on a per share basis.
the third quarter of 2023.

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
$971 million or $1.04 per share, compared with $894 million or      $3,667 million or $3.94 per share, compared with $3,318 million or
$0.96 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase of $3.56 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase of
8.3% on a per share basis, and $950 million or $1.02 per share in   10.7% on a per share basis.
the third quarter of 2023.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CANADA
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 decreased by $186 million to $166 million, compared
                                       with the corresponding quarter in 2022. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 were
                                       $301 million, an increase of $41 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2022, reflecting:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         Strong group disability results driven by improved morbidity experience and management pricing actions and higher
                                           earnings on surplus.
                                         Partially offset by unfavourable individual insurance mortality experience and favourable impacts from certain tax
                                           estimates in 2022 which did not repeat.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 excluded Adjustments of negative $135 million,
PART A
                                       compared with Adjustments of positive $92 million in the corresponding quarter in 2022. Market experience relative to
                                       expectations was negative $114 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 due to a decrease in long-term interest rates and credit
                                       spreads, which increased the fair value of liabilities more than the assets supporting them, partially offset by favourable non-
                                       fixed income asset performance. Market experience relative to expectations was positive $61 million in the corresponding
                                       quarter in 2022, due to an increase in long-term interest rates, partially offset by a decrease in credit spreads, which decreased
                                       the fair value of liabilities more than the assets supporting them. This increase was also partially offset by unfavourable non-
                                       fixed income asset performance. The corresponding period in 2022 also included a positive $63 million one-time impact for
                                       a change in the Canadian statutory income tax rate, which did not repeat in 2023.
                                       In conjunction with the transition to IFRS 17, Lifeco made asset liability management (ALM) and accounting policy choices to
                                       increase the stability of regulatory capital. As a result, a certain amount of additional net earnings sensitivity was accepted by
                                       Lifeco in order to balance the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) capital sensitivity, resulting in more stable capital
                                       positions. Over the time frame since transition, cumulative fluctuations in net earnings driven by market experience relative to
                                       expectations have been modest and regulatory capital has experienced increased stability, consistent with the expectations of
                                       Lifeco’s management. For additional information, refer to the section “Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 decreased by $470 million to $961 million, compared
                                       with the corresponding period in 2022. Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 were
                                       $1,158 million, a decrease of $6 million compared with the corresponding period in 2022, primarily due to:
                                         Favourable impacts from certain tax estimates in 2022 that did not repeat and slightly lower CSM recognition for services
                                           provided.
                                         Partially offset by increased group life and health earnings driven by premium growth and strong disability experience,
                                           and higher earnings on surplus.
                                       Adjusted net earnings before tax for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 increased by 10% compared with the
                                       corresponding period in 2022.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 excluded Adjustments of negative $197 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of positive $267 million in the corresponding period in 2022. Market experience relative to
                                       expectations was negative $139 million, compared with positive $136 million for the corresponding period in 2022.
                                       Assumption changes and management actions were negative $38 million, compared with positive $87 million in the
                                       corresponding period in 2022, although these changes must be considered along with the associated CSM impacts. The
                                       corresponding period in 2022 included a positive $63 million one-time impact for a change in the Canadian statutory income
                                       tax rate.

                                       UNITED STATES (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 increased by US$17 million
                                       (C$26 million) to US$142 million (C$194 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2022. Adjusted net earnings
                                       were US$193 million (C$261 million) in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, an increase of US$33 million
                                       (C$46 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2022, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in fee and other income due to organic growth in the business, higher average equity markets, as well as a
                                           favourable fee income adjustment related to Prudential.
                                         Partially offset by credit-related impairments of commercial mortgage loans in the fourth quarter of 2023.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 excluded Adjustments of negative US$51 million
                                       (C$67 million), compared with negative US$35 million (C$47 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2022. The increase in
                                       negative Adjustments was primarily due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations as well as higher
                                       amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. In addition, the fourth quarter of 2022 included a favourable adjustment
                                       related to the completion of the Prudential acquisition.




                                            A  24                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Net earnings from continuing operations in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 increased by US$220 million
(C$305 million) to US$572 million (C$769 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2022. Adjusted net earnings
were US$749 million (C$1,006 million) in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, an increase of US$186 million
(C$269 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2022, primarily due to the same reasons discussed in the three-
month period above, as well as higher contribution from investment experience and an additional quarter of Prudential-




                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
related earnings in 2023.
Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 excluded Adjustments of negative
US$177 million (C$237 million), compared with negative US$211 million (C$273 million) in the corresponding period in 2022.
The decrease in negative Adjustments was primarily due to lower integration and restructuring costs related to the completion

                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
of the MassMutual and Personal Capital integrations in 2022 and improved market experience relative to expectations. The
decrease in negative Adjustments was partially offset by a provision recorded in the second quarter of 2023 related to
Empower’s sale, via indemnity reinsurance, of substantially all of its individual life and annuity business in 2019.

EUROPE
Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 increased by $242 million to $217 million, compared with
the corresponding quarter in 2022. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 were
$213 million, a decrease of $43 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2022, primarily due to:
  Lower investment earnings in Insurance & Annuities driven by the impact of trading activity in the prior year that did not reoccur.
  Partially offset by favourable group protection experience in Workplace Solutions and the impact of currency movement.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 excluded Adjustments of positive $4 million,
compared with Adjustments of negative $281 million in the corresponding quarter in 2022. The increase in Adjustments was
primarily due to a net gain on sale of a portfolio of policies to AIB Life of $127 million and from the impact of recapturing a
block of in-force annuities reinsured internally which resulted in a net gain of $110 million. In addition, property value
reductions were greater in 2022 than in 2023. These items were partially offset by an asset impairment related to information
technology systems as well as provisions for restructuring costs.
In conjunction with the transition to IFRS 17, Lifeco made ALM and accounting policy choices to increase the stability of
regulatory capital. As a result, a certain amount of additional net earnings sensitivity was accepted by Lifeco in order to balance
LICAT capital sensitivity, resulting in more stable capital positions. Over the time frame since transition, cumulative fluctuations
in net earnings driven by market experience relative to expectations have been modest and regulatory capital has
experienced increased stability, consistent with the expectations of Lifeco’s management. For additional information, refer to
the section “Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9” in Part B of this MD&A.
Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 were $384 million, compared with $1,202 million in the
corresponding period in 2022. Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 were
$777 million, a decrease of $68 million compared with the corresponding period in 2022, primarily due to:
  Lower investment earnings in Insurance & Annuities and changes in fees and expense allocations in Individual Wealth &
    Asset Management.
  Partially offset by favourable group protection experience in Workplace Solutions, improved morbidity experience in
    Insurance & Annuities and the impact of currency movement.
Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 excluded Adjustments of negative $393 million,
compared with Adjustments of positive $357 million in the corresponding period in 2022. The decrease in Adjustments was
primarily due to positive contributions in the corresponding period in 2022 from higher-than-expected non-fixed income
asset returns and positive impacts from higher risk-free rates, whereas 2023 included negative market experience relative to
expectations driven by reductions in commercial property values, and realized OCI losses related to asset rebalancing to
shorter duration assets in the surplus account in the second quarter of 2023. These reductions were partially offset by the net
gain on sale to AIB Life and the U.K. in-force annuity reinsurance recapture as discussed in the three-month period above.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 increased by $212 million to $215 million, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2022. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 were
                                       $236 million, an increase of $55 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2022, primarily due to growth in the
                                       structured business and net positive insurance experience mainly driven by favourable claims developments on property




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       catastrophe losses in 2022, partially offset by unfavourable experience in the U.S. life business and on certain structured
                                       transactions.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023 excluded Adjustments of negative $21 million,
                                       compared with negative $178 million in the corresponding quarter in 2022. The decrease in negative Adjustments was driven

PART A
                                       by relative interest rate and credit spread in-period movements.
                                       In conjunction with the transition to IFRS 17, Lifeco made ALM and accounting policy choices to increase the stability of
                                       regulatory capital. As a result, a certain amount of additional net earnings sensitivity was accepted by Lifeco in order to balance
                                       LICAT capital sensitivity, resulting in more stable capital positions. Over the time frame since transition, cumulative fluctuations
                                       in net earnings driven by market experience relative to expectations have been modest and regulatory capital has
                                       experienced increased stability, consistent with the expectations of Lifeco’s management. For additional information, refer to
                                       the section “Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 increased by $291 million to $833 million, compared
                                       with the corresponding period in 2022. Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 were
                                       $794 million, an increase of $196 million compared with the corresponding period in 2022, primarily due to the same reasons
                                       discussed in the three-month period above, as well as a provision for estimated claims related to Hurricane Ian of $128 million
                                       in 2022.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 excluded Adjustments of positive $39 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $56 million in the corresponding period in 2022. The increase in Adjustments was
                                       primarily due to relative interest rate and credit spread in-period movements, partially offset by net assumption updates.

                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings from continuing operations in the determination of adjusted net earnings
                                       by Lifeco’s management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Lifeco’s operating segments.
                                       In 2023, Adjustments with a negative earnings impact of $805 million after tax consist of:
                                         In the fourth quarter of 2023, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $228 million, which consisted of market
                                           experience relative to expectations of negative $213 million after tax ($351 million pre-tax), business transformation
                                           impacts of $67 million after-tax ($137 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of
                                           $31 million after tax ($42 million pre-tax), partially offset by a positive earnings impact from assumption changes and
                                           management actions of $83 million after tax (negative $28 million pre-tax).
                                         In the third quarter of 2023, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $14 million, which consisted of a
                                           negative earnings impact from assumption changes and management actions of $106 million after tax ($125 million pre-
                                           tax), business transformation impacts of $25 million after tax ($33 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related
                                           finite life intangibles of $36 million after tax ($48 million pre-tax), partially offset by market experience relative to
                                           expectations of positive $153 million after tax ($191 million pre-tax).
                                         In the second quarter of 2023, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $351 million, which consisted of
                                           market experience relative to expectations of negative $79 million after tax ($92 million pre-tax), realized losses from the
                                           sale of surplus assets measured at FVOCI from asset rebalancing of $121 million after tax ($158 million pre-tax), a negative
                                           earnings impact from assumption changes and management actions of $4 million after tax ($5 million pre-tax), business
                                           transformation impacts of $111 million after tax ($144 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life
                                           intangibles of $36 million after tax ($49 million pre-tax).
                                         In the first quarter of 2023, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $212 million, which consisted of market
                                           experience relative to expectations of negative $168 million after tax ($209 million pre-tax), business transformation
                                           impacts of $19 million after tax ($26 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of
                                           $32 million after tax ($43 million pre-tax), partially offset by a positive earnings impact from assumption changes and
                                           management actions of $7 million after tax ($9 million pre-tax).




                                            A  26                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


In 2022, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $310 million after tax consisted of:
  In the fourth quarter of 2022, Adjustments were a negative net impact of $416 million, which consisted of market
    experience relative to expectations of negative $386 million after tax ($393 million pre-tax), negative earnings impact
    from assumption changes and management actions of $5 million after tax ($21 million pre-tax), business transformation




                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    impacts of $61 million after tax ($73 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of $27 million
    after tax ($36 million pre-tax), partially offset by positive impact from tax legislative changes of $63 million.
  In the third quarter of 2022, Adjustments were a net positive earnings impact of $177 million, which consisted of market
    experience relative to expectations of positive $151 million after tax ($228 million pre-tax), positive earnings impact from
    assumption changes and management actions of $85 million after tax ($96 million pre-tax), partially offset by business

                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
    transformation impacts of $23 million after tax ($42 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life
    intangibles of $36 million after tax ($47 million pre-tax).
  In the second quarter of 2022, Adjustments were a net negative earnings impact of $73 million, which consisted of
    negative earnings impact from assumption changes and management actions of $15 million after tax ($17 million pre-
    tax), business transformation impacts of $101 million after tax ($131 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-
    related finite life intangibles of $36 million after tax ($49 million pre-tax), partially offset by market experience relative to
    expectations of positive $79 million after tax ($152 million pre-tax).
  In the first quarter of 2022, Adjustments were a net positive earnings impact of $622 million, which consisted of market
    experience relative to expectations of positive $686 million after tax ($864 million pre-tax), partially offset by negative
    earnings impact from assumption changes and management actions of $18 million after tax ($19 million pre-tax),
    business transformation impacts of $19 million after tax ($25 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite
    life intangibles of $27 million after tax ($35 million pre-tax).

The information above has been derived from Lifeco’s annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A for additional information on
Lifeco’s annual results. Lifeco’s most recent annual MD&A is available under its profile on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.com).




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       IGM Financial

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
                                       IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
                                       institutional investors throughout North America, Europe and Asia. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IG Wealth Management and asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that
                                       provide benefits to the operating subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. In the fourth quarter of 2023, IGM
                                       realigned its reportable segments to better characterize and simplify the Company’s business lines into wealth management
                                       and asset management segments. IGM has three reportable segments: Wealth Management, Asset Management, and
                                       Corporate and Other.

PART A
                                       The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
                                       focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
                                       of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer,
                                       mutual fund dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management
                                       provides comprehensive personal financial planning by offering a broad range of financial products and services in the areas
                                       of advanced financial planning, mortgage banking, insurance, and securities. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from
                                       its competition by offering comprehensive planning to its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also
                                       includes the investment management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary
                                       portfolio management services, as well as IGM’s strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an
                                       associate) and Wealthsimple (classified by IGM as an investment at FVOCI). This segment also included IPC, which was sold
                                       on November 30, 2023.
                                       The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                                       providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
                                       investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
                                       advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
                                       Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
                                       related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and uses multiple distribution
                                       channels. Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This
                                       segment also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are both classified as an investment in
                                       an associate.
                                       The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Lifeco and the Portage Ventures
                                       funds (refer to the section “Alternative Asset Investment Platforms”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation
                                       elimination entries.
                                       See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.




                                            A  28                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


R ES U LTS

Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                               Three months ended                     Twelve months ended
                                                                                   December 31,    September 30,      December 31,         December 31,       December 31,




                                                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                         2023             2023                2022               2023                 2022
                                                                                                                          (restated)                              (restated)

Average direct ownership (%)                                                              62.1              62.1               62.2                 62.1               62.0
Contribution to earnings


                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                  107              138                120                  446                554
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                         121              138                132                  517                539


Total dividend received                                                                                                                             333                333


Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                                               3,702              3,607
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                 13.8               13.6

  Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                                   5,179              5,592
  % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                  12.8               16.6



Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                               Three months ended                     Twelve months ended
                                                                                   December 31,    September 30,      December 31,         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                         2023             2023                2022               2023                 2022
                                                                                                                          (restated)                              (restated)

Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
    As reported by IGM [1]                                                                 124              130                140                  510                538
    Effect of consolidation [2]                                                              (3)               8                 (8)                   7                  1
                                                                                           121              138                132                  517                539
  Adjustments
    As reported by IGM                                                                     137                 −                  −                 204                   −
    Effect of consolidation [3]                                                           (151)                −                (12)                (275)                15
                                                                                           (14)                −                (12)                 (71)                15
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                  107              138                120                  446                554
  Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
    Effect of consolidation [4]                                                              −                (1)                 −                   (2)                 −
  Net earnings                                                                             107              137                120                  444                554
[1] Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
[2] The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions, the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common
    control including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio and reflected adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 for comparative periods presented prior to the
    Corporation’s adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023. On January 1, 2018, IGM adopted IFRS 9; Power Corporation deferred the adoption of IFRS 9 to January 1, 2023.
    The Effect of consolidation in the comparative periods has been restated for the application of IFRS 17.
[3] Refer to the section “Adjustments” below for details of Effect of consolidation.
[4] Represents IGM’s share of the discontinued operations of Lifeco.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                                        Three months ended                    Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                       December 31,       September 30,        December 31,        December 31,       December 31,




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                             2023                2023                2022                2023               2022

                                       Adjusted net earnings [1][2]                                                             0.84                0.88                 0.94               3.44               3.63
                                       Adjustments [3][4]                                                                       0.92                    −                    −              1.38                  −
                                                        [1]
                                       Net earnings                                                                             1.76                0.88                 0.94               4.82               3.63


PART A
                                       [1] Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [2] Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
                                       [3] See the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       [4] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                                        Three months ended                    Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                       December 31,       September 30,        December 31,        December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                                             2023                2023                2022                2023               2022

                                       Wealth Management [1][2]                                                                  104                 118                  108               443                448
                                       Asset Management [1][2]                                                                    77                  79                    72              310                284
                                                                  [1][2]
                                       Corporate and Other                                                                        18                  13                    45                68               135
                                       Adjusted net earnings [3][4]                                                              199                 210                  225               821                867
                                                       [4][5]
                                       Adjustments                                                                               221                    −                    −              328                   −
                                       Net earnings [3]                                                                          420                 210                  225             1,149                867
                                       [1] In the fourth quarter of 2023, IGM realigned its reportable segments to better characterize and simplify its business lines into wealth management and asset management
                                           segments. The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller and Wealthsimple to the wealth management segment and ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset
                                           management segment. These changes have no impact on the reported earnings of IGM. The comparative information has been restated to reflect the realigned segments.
                                       [2] Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                       [3] Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       [4] Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
                                           Adjustments to segments.
                                       [5] Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.


                                                                Q4 2023 vs. Q4 2022 and Q3 2023                                                                    2023 vs. 2022

                                       Net earnings
                                       $420 million or $1.76 per share, compared with $225 million or                         $1,149 million or $4.82 per share, compared with $867 million or
                                       $0.94 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase of                    $3.63 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, an increase of
                                       87.2% on a per share basis, and $210 million or $0.88 per share in                     32.8% on a per share basis.
                                       the third quarter of 2023.                                                             Net earnings in 2023 include IGM’s gain of $169 million recognized
                                                                                                                              on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco to the Corporation,
                                                                                                                              and its gain of $221 million recognized on the sale of IPC to Lifeco.
                                                                                                                              The Corporation has eliminated these gains on consolidation.

                                       Adjusted net earnings
                                       $199 million or $0.84 per share, compared with $225 million or                         $821 million or $3.44 per share, compared with $867 million or
                                       $0.94 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, a decrease of                     $3.63 per share in the corresponding period in 2022, a decrease of
                                       10.6% on a per share basis, and $210 million or $0.88 per share in                     5.2% on a per share basis.
                                       the third quarter of 2023.




                                              A  30                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a net positive earnings impact of $328 million in the twelve-month period
ended December 31, 2023, including a positive earnings impact of $221 million in the fourth quarter. There were no
Adjustments in the corresponding twelve-month period of 2022. These Adjustments are not allocated to segments. The
following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings:




                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Net earnings decreased by $4 million to $104 million in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, compared with
the corresponding quarter in 2022. Net earnings of Wealth Management includes $4 million of net earnings of IPC, which IGM
has presented as discontinued operations, as well as a negative contribution from strategic investments of $1 million. The
decrease in net earnings is mainly related to a decrease in net earnings of IG Wealth Management of $3 million, primarily due
                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
to:
  A decrease in other financial planning revenues of $6 million to $26 million, primarily due to lower earnings from
    mortgage banking operations and lower revenues from the distribution of banking products partially offset by higher
    revenues from the distribution of insurance products. The decrease in earnings from mortgage banking operations is
    due to fair value adjustments and net margins caused by the current interest rate environment;
  An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $15 million to $232 million in the three-month period
    which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
    compensation increased by $5 million to $146 million, primarily due to increases in assets under advisement, deferred
    selling commission units maturing and other compensation changes. Sales-based compensation payments are based
    upon the level of new assets contributed to client accounts and are capitalized and amortized as they reflect incremental
    costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based compensation increased by $4 million to $24 million. Other advisory and
    business development expenses increased by $6 million to $63 million in the three-month period, primarily due to higher
    compensation paid on the distribution of insurance products and timing of certain projects and other expenses;
  An increase in operations and support expenses of $7 million to $116 million, which includes costs that support wealth
    management and other general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and operations,
    as well as other functional business units and corporate expenses. The increase in the three-month period was due to the
    timing of projects and other expenses;
  An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $2 million to $43 million, primarily due to changes in assets under management; and
  An increase in interest expense of $3 million to $26 million, which includes allocated interest expense on long-term debt
    and interest expense on leases. Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based on an allocation of IGM’s long-term
    debt to IG Wealth Management. The allocation of debt increased during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of the
    issuance of long-term debt by IGM.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in income from advisory fees of $18 million to $301 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
    under advisement of 6.8%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for the three-
    month period was 102.1 basis points of average assets under advisement, compared with 102.4 basis points in 2022;
  An increase in income from product and program fees of $9 million to $224 million, primarily due to the increase in
    average assets under management of 5.0%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month period was
    85.5 basis points of assets under management, compared with 85.9 basis points in 2022; and
  An increase in net investment income and other of $2 million to $4 million. Net investment income and other consists of
    unrealized gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds in the three-month period, and investment income earned
    on cash and cash equivalents and securities and other income not related to IG Wealth Management’s core business. It
    also includes a charge from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of unallocated capital.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Net earnings decreased by $5 million to $443 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, compared with
                                       the corresponding period in 2022. Net earnings of Wealth Management includes $15 million of net earnings of IPC, which
                                       IGM has presented as discontinued operations, compared with $11 million in the corresponding period in 2022. As well, the
                                       segment includes a negative contribution from strategic investments of $4 million. The net earnings of IG Wealth Management
                                       decreased by $5 million to $432 million, primarily due to:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         A decrease in other financial planning revenues of $14 million to $126 million, primarily due to the same reason explained
                                           in the three-month period above;
                                         A decrease in income from redemption fees of $3 million to $1 million;
                                         An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $40 million to $923 million in the twelve-month period.

PART A
                                           Asset-based compensation increased by $26 million to $584 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in the
                                           three-month period above. Sales-based compensation increased by $16 million to $92 million;
                                         An increase in operations and support expenses of $14 million to $438 million;
                                         An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $3 million to $172 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in the
                                           three-month period above; and
                                         An increase in interest expense of $9 million to $98 million, due to the same reason explained in the three-month period above.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in income from advisory fees of $48 million to $1,189 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
                                           under advisement of 4.4%. The average advisory fee rate for the twelve-month period was 102.3 basis points of average
                                           assets under advisement, compared with 102.5 basis points in 2022;
                                         An increase in income from product and program fees of $15 million to $891 million, primarily due to an increase in
                                           average assets under management of 2.2%. The average product and program fee rate for the twelve-month period was
                                           85.7 basis points of assets under management, compared with 85.9 basis points in 2022;
                                         An increase in net investment income and other of $11 million to $13 million; and
                                         A decrease in income taxes of $4 million to $156 million.

                                       ASSET MANAGEMENT
                                       The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s mutual funds, Wealth Management segment and
                                       third parties for investment management services.
                                       Net earnings increased by $5 million to $77 million in the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2022. Net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of $27 million from
                                       strategic investments, compared with $21 million in the corresponding quarter in 2022. The net earnings of Mackenzie
                                       decreased by $2 million to $49 million, primarily due to:
                                         A decrease in net investment income and other of $2 million to $4 million. Net investment income and other primarily
                                           includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally made in the
                                           process of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe; and
                                         Net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, were $184 million,
                                           comparable with the corresponding quarter in 2022. Net asset management fees – third party were $156 million, a
                                           decrease of $1 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2022 due to a decrease in the net asset management
                                           fee rate, partially offset by a 1.3% increase in average assets under management. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee
                                           rate was 54.2 basis points for the three months ended December 31, 2023, compared with 55.1 basis points in 2022. The
                                           decrease in rate was mainly driven by a change in the composition of assets under management. Asset management fees
                                           – Wealth Management were $28 million, an increase of $1 million from the corresponding quarter in 2022.




                                            A  32                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Net earnings increased by $26 million to $310 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, compared with
the corresponding period in 2022. Net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of $106 million from
strategic investments, compared with $71 million in the corresponding period in 2022 and reflects IGM’s purchase of an
additional 13.9% equity interest in ChinaAMC in January 2023. The net earnings of Mackenzie decreased by $9 million to
$204 million, primarily due to:




                                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
   A decrease in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
       $10 million to $740 million, mainly due to a decrease in net asset management fees – third party of $12 million, due to a
       2.0% decrease in average assets under management, offset by an increase in the net asset management fee rate.
       Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 54.4 basis points for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023,


                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
       compared with 54.2 basis points in 2022. The increase in rate was mainly driven by lower selling commissions, partially
       offset by a change in the composition of assets under management. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
       $114 million, an increase of $2 million from the corresponding period in 2022. The increase in management fees was
       due to an increase in the management fee rate. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 14.9 basis points for the twelve
       months ended December 31, 2023, compared with 14.7 basis points in 2022; and
   An increase in expenses of $6 million to $448 million, primarily due to an increase in advisory and business development
       expenses of $4 million to $84 million in the twelve-month period. Advisory and business development expenses primarily
       include wholesale distribution activities which vary directly with assets or sales levels. Operations and support expenses
       were $360 million, an increase of $2 million from the corresponding period in 2022 and includes costs associated with
       business operations, including technology and business processes, in-house investment management and product shelf
       management, corporate management and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
       technology and other service provider expenses.
  Partially offset by:
   An increase in net investment income and other of $6 million to $12 million; and
   A decrease in income taxes of $2 million to $74 million.

ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT
Assets under advisement (AUA) are a key performance indicator for the Wealth Management segment.
Assets under management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues
and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities. Refer to the section
“Other Measures” for a definition of AUM and AUA.
Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                        December 31,    September 30,           December 31,       September 30,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                      2023             2023                   2022                2022

Wealth Management [1]
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                    107.6             101.9                  99.3                 95.4
  IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                               13.6              12.3                  11.5                  9.6
Assets under advisement                                                                       121.2             114.2                 110.8               105.0
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                             118.9             112.0                 113.1               108.7
  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                    76.8              74.3                  73.5                 71.8
Assets under management                                                                       195.7             186.3                 186.6               180.5
Consolidated [1][2]
  Assets under management                                                                     226.6             215.2                 213.6               205.3
  Assets under management and advisement [3]                                                  240.2             227.4                 224.2               214.1
[1] Excludes AUM and AUM&A of IPC, as reported as discontinued operations by IGM; comparative information presented has been restated to exclude IPC.
[2] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
    instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment
    are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s operating companies.
[3] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                           2023                                      2022
                                       (In billions of dollars)                                                        Q4          Q3           Q2           Q1                 Q4     Q3      Q2      Q1
                                                                  [1]
                                       Wealth Management




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         IG Wealth Management AUA                                                   117.1       116.9        116.1        114.7           109.6      108.5   110.7   116.3
                                         IG Wealth Management AUM                                                   104.2       104.7        104.2        103.3             99.2      99.1   101.8   107.4
                                       Asset Management
                                         Third-party AUM                                                            114.1       115.5        116.3        115.7           112.7      113.4   118.5   125.7

PART A
                                         Total AUM                                                                  189.3       191.9        193.1        192.0           186.3      187.3   195.5   205.5
                                       Consolidated [1][2]
                                         Assets under management                                                    219.2       221.5        221.8        220.2           213.1      213.8   221.4   234.2
                                         Assets under management and advisement [3]                                 232.1       233.7        233.6        231.6           222.6      222.4   229.4   242.1
                                       [1] Excludes AUM and AUM&A of IPC, as reported as discontinued operations by IGM; comparative information presented has been restated to exclude IPC.
                                       [2] Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
                                           products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s
                                           operating companies.
                                       [3] Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.


                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.
                                       In 2023, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $328 million after tax consisted of:
                                          In the fourth quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a positive impact of $221 million after tax ($221 million pre-
                                              tax) related to IGM’s net gain, net of transaction costs, recognized on the sale of IPC to Lifeco. The Corporation has not
                                              included the amount of the gain on the sale of IPC in its Adjustments as this gain was eliminated on consolidation.
                                          In the second quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $68 million after tax ($95 million pre-
                                              tax), comprised of:
                                                 Restructuring and other charges of $76 million after tax ($103 million pre-tax), related to further streamlining and
                                                    simplifying IGM’s operating model to better align with its business priorities. The initiatives include: i) organizational
                                                    structure changes including aligning IGM’s organizational structure to advance the growing needs of its business and
                                                    deliver against its key strategic initiatives. It also includes optimizing IGM’s resources and talent structure to advance
                                                    the growing needs of the business, enable partnerships across its business and operate more efficiently and
                                                    effectively; ii) digital transformation to retire duplicate systems and to automate and modernize its technology
                                                    infrastructure to enhance efficiencies and its ability to service client needs; and iii) real estate consolidation of
                                                    IG Wealth's footprint to reflect the adoption of hybrid work and new technologies.
                                                 A decrease of $6 million after tax ($6 million pre-tax) recorded on a prospective basis related to the gain recognized
                                                    by IGM in the first quarter on the sale of a portion of its investment in Lifeco to the Corporation. The Corporation has
                                                    not included the amount of the gain on the sale of Lifeco in its Adjustments as this gain was eliminated on
                                                    consolidation.
                                                 An adjustment related to Lifeco’s IFRS 17 impact of $15 million after tax ($15 million pre-tax), representing a change
                                                    in estimate which IGM recorded on a prospective basis. This adjustment has been eliminated by the Corporation on
                                                    consolidation in the effect of consolidation.
                                          In the first quarter of 2023, adjusted net earnings excluded a positive impact of $175 million after tax ($179 million pre-
                                              tax) related to IGM’s sale of a portion of its investment in Lifeco to the Corporation. The Corporation has not included the
                                              amount of the gain on the sale of Lifeco in its Adjustments as this gain was eliminated on consolidation.
                                       There were no Adjustments reported by IGM in 2022.

                                       The information above has been derived from IGM’s annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for additional information on
                                       IGM’s annual results. IGM’s most recent annual MD&A is available under its profile on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.com).




                                               A  34                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


GBL

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base and considers ESG factors as being inextricably linked to




                                                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
value creation. GBL aims to grow its diversified high-quality portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments. GBL
Capital, the group’s alternative assets activity, provides additional sources of diversification to GBL’s portfolio. In addition,
GBL is developing its third-party asset management activity through Sienna Investment Managers, a wholly owned subsidiary.
GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their sectors, in which GBL can contribute to value creation by
being an active professional investor.
At December 31, 2023, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):                                                                                           PART A


PUBLICLY LISTED
     Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.6%) – industrial mineral-based specialty                             Umicore (EBR: UMI) (15.9%) – automotive catalysts, cathode
      solutions                                                                                  materials for batteries and precious metals recycling
     SGS (SIX: SGSN) (19.3%) – testing, inspection and certification                           Concentrix + Webhelp (NASDAQ: CNXC) (13.2%) – global
      solutions                                                                                  provider of customer experience (CX) services and technologies
     Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.7%) – wines and spirits                                        Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
     adidas (XETR: ADS) (7.6%) – design, development and distribution                           solutions
      of sporting goods


PRIVATELY HELD

     Affidea (99.2%) – provider of specialist healthcare services                              Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
     Sanoptis (83.4%) – provider of ophthalmology services                                     Voodoo (15.9%) – developer and publisher of mobile games
     Canyon (48.7%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
      premium bicycles


Through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers, GBL has expanded its activities into alternative asset management
and is developing an alternative investment portfolio including investments in funds externally managed and direct co-
investments in private equity, and offers a full range of investment strategies with a strong ESG focus through its multi-
expertise third-party asset managers. Strategies managed by Sienna Investment Managers include listed assets, private
equity, private credit, venture capital and real estate.
GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at December 31, 2023 of €16,671 million, compared
with €17,775 million at December 31, 2022.
GBL’s financial results and other disclosures are derived from publicly disclosed information, as issued by GBL in its 2023
year-end press release. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.com).

R ES U LTS

Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                               Three months ended               Twelve months ended
                                                                                 December 31,      September 30,    December 31,     December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                       2023               2023            2022             2023              2022

Average direct ownership (%) [1]                                                        15.5               15.5             14.9              15.3               14.8
Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations                                    (1)              315               48              423                 (15)


Total dividend received [2]                                                                                                                     92                84


Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                         3,717              3,314
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                           13.8               12.5

  Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                             2,295              2,388
  % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                             5.7                7.1

[1] Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
    shares was 16.9% for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 (15.9% in 2022).
[2] Total dividend received from Parjointco was €63 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared with €62 million for the year ended December 31, 2022.




                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                         Three months ended                   Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                      December 31,         September 30,        December 31,        December 31,    December 31,
                                       (in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                    2023                  2023                2022                2023            2022

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s net earnings:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         As reported by GBL                                                                        (1)                315                   (24)            423             (133)
                                                                      [1]
                                         Effect of consolidation                                                                    −                    −                  72                −              118
                                         Net earnings (loss)                                                                       (1)                315                   48              423              (15)


PART A
                                       [1] The Corporation adopted IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023. The contribution to the Corporation prior to January 1, 2023 includes an adjustment to account for GBL under
                                           IAS 39 as described below.




                                       Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL
                                                                                                                                                         Three months ended                   Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                     December 31,         September 30,         December 31,        December 31,    December 31,
                                       (in millions of euros)                                                              2023                  2023                 2022                2023            2022
                                       Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated
                                        operating companies of:
                                            Imerys                                                                                (73)                 21                   24               28              130
                                            Webhelp                                                                                −                     5                  12               14               26
                                            Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                            (23)                 33                   (22)            (22)               1
                                            Canyon                                                                                 (6)                   1                   (3)              (6)             11
                                            Sanoptis                                                                              (15)                (31)                   (6)            (47)             (21)
                                            Affidea                                                                                (9)                (18)                    7             (42)             (30)
                                            GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                            34                     6                    −              48              (12)
                                                                                                                                  (92)                 17                   12              (27)             105
                                       Net dividends from investments:
                                            SGS                                                                                    −                    −                     −             118              110
                                            Pernod Ricard                                                                         46                    −                   51               81               82
                                            Holcim                                                                                 −                    −                     −              34               28
                                            Umicore                                                                                −                     9                    −              31               31
                                            GEA                                                                                    −                    −                     −              10               10
                                            adidas                                                                                 −                    −                     −               8               39
                                            MOWI                                                                                   −                    −                     3               1               19
                                            Other [1]                                                                              2                     1                    −               3                3
                                                                                                                                  48                   10                   54              286              322
                                       Other financial income (expenses)
                                          Derivatives associated with exchangeable
                                            and convertible bonds                                                                 (10)                 36                   (32)             61               98
                                          Change in value of liability to Webhelp’s
                                            minority shareholders                                                                  −                  (37)                  (59)            107             (255)
                                            Other financial income (expenses)                                                     76                   34                    (8)            252             (459)
                                                                                                                                  66                   33                   (99)            420             (616)
                                       Other operating income (expenses)
                                          Change in value of liability for Webhelp’s
                                            employee incentive plan                                                                −                  (36)                  (22)           (112)            (159)
                                            Other operating income (expenses)                                                     (39)                (28)                  (35)           (121)            (114)
                                                                                                                                  (39)                (64)                  (57)           (233)            (273)
                                       Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and
                                        reversals of non-current assets                                                           14               1,292                    (15)          1,308              (87)
                                       Interest income (expenses)                                                                  1                  (12)                   (9)            (30)             (34)
                                       Taxes                                                                                       (1)                  −                     2               (1)              (2)
                                       Net earnings (loss) [2][3]                                                                  (3)             1,276                  (112)           1,723             (585)
                                       [1] Includes dividend from Concentrix.
                                       [2] Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
                                       [3] Attributable to GBL shareholders.




                                               A  36                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                         Q4 2023 vs. Q4 2022 and Q3 2023                                                                  2023 vs. 2022

Net earnings (loss)
Net loss of €3 million, compared with a net loss of €112 million in the                  Net earnings of €1,723 million, compared with a net loss of




                                                                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
corresponding period in 2022, and net earnings of €1,276 million in the                  €585 million in the corresponding period in 2022.
third quarter of 2023.
                                                                                         GBL’s net earnings in the third quarter of 2023 included a gain
                                                                                         recognized on the deconsolidation of Webhelp of €1.3 billion,
                                                                                         including the reversal of the liability to Webhelp’s minority
                                                                                         shareholders.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
IAS 39 ADJUSTMENTS TO THE CONTRIBUTION OF GBL
On January 1, 2018, GBL adopted IFRS 9, Financial Instruments. Power Corporation deferred the adoption of IFRS 9 to
January 1, 2023, and applied IFRS 9 on a prospective basis. The Corporation has classified the investments held by GBL
consistent with GBL’s IFRS 9 classification. GBL has classified its investments in public entities and Voodoo as fair value through
other comprehensive income (FVOCI), an elective classification for equity instruments in which all fair value changes remain
permanently in equity.
The investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private equity are classified as fair value through profit or
loss (FVPL). The transition requirements of IFRS 9 require that all unrealized gains and losses on investments previously
classified as available for sale remain permanently in equity. Subsequent changes in fair value are recorded in earnings.
The following table presents adjustments to the contribution of GBL to Power Corporation’s earnings in accordance with
IAS 39 for the comparative periods presented prior to the Corporation’s adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023:
                                                                                                                                           Period ended December 31, 2022
(in millions of Canadian dollars)                                                                                                      Three months           Twelve months
                                                        [1]
Partial disposal of interest in Pernod Ricard                                                                                                     67                     67
Partial disposal of interest in MOWI [2]                                                                                                           −                     22
                                                       [3]
Impairment charges on listed investments                                                                                                           −                      (7)
Impairment charges on investments in alternative funds and direct
  co-investments in private equity [4]                                                                                                             −                   (107)
                                                 [5]
Disposal of alternative funds and other                                                                                                            3                     38
Reversal of unrealized losses on alternative funds and other [6]                                                                                   2                    105
Total                                                                                                                                             72                    118

[1] During the fourth quarter of 2022, a portion of the investment in Pernod Ricard was disposed of, resulting in a gain. The gain was not reflected in GBL’s earnings as the
    investment is classified as FVOCI. Power Corporation’s share was $67 million and included a recovery from the reversal of a previous impairment.
[2] During the second quarter of 2022, a portion of the investment in MOWI was disposed of, resulting in a gain. The gain was not reflected in GBL’s earnings as the
    investment was classified as FVOCI. Power Corporation’s share was $22 million.
[3] Under IFRS 9, GBL classifies the majority of its investments in public entities as FVOCI, and as a result impairment charges are not recognized in earnings. The investment
    in Ontex has been previously impaired, resulting in an adjusted cost of €6.99 per share. During the first and third quarters of 2022, the share price decreased to €6.63
    and €5.52, respectively, resulting in an impairment charge. The Corporation’s share was $1 million in the first quarter and $4 million in the third quarter.
    During the second quarter of 2022, the Corporation’s share of an impairment charge on other investments was $2 million.
[4] GBL classifies investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private equity at FVPL in accordance with IFRS 9, and recognizes unrealized changes in fair
    value in earnings. Power Corporation classified these investments as available for sale in accordance with IAS 39. During the second and third quarters of 2022, the value
    of certain private equity investments, primarily in GBL’s digital portfolio, was reduced below their cost resulting in impairment charges. The Corporation’s share of the
    impairment charges was $84 million in the second quarter and $23 million in the third quarter of 2022.
[5] During 2022, investments held through alternative funds and other investments, classified as FVPL in accordance with IFRS 9, were disposed of, resulting in realized
    gains. Power Corporation’s share of the realized gains in accordance with IAS 39 was $38 million, including $3 million recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022.
[6] GBL classifies investments in alternative funds as FVPL in accordance with IFRS 9, and recognizes unrealized changes in fair value in earnings. Power Corporation did not
    recognize these unrealized fair value changes in earnings as it classified these investments as available for sale in accordance with IAS 39.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       For the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, the net loss was €3 million, compared with a net loss of €112 million
                                       in the corresponding quarter in 2022. The decrease in the net loss was mainly due to:
                                         An increase in other financial income of €165 million to income of €66 million in the three-month period ended
                                           December 31, 2023, compared with financial expenses of €99 million in the corresponding quarter in 2022. Other




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           financial income in the fourth quarter of 2023 includes:
                                              A loss of €10 million on marking to market derivatives, compared with a loss of €32 million in the corresponding
                                                period in 2022;
                                              A net increase in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private
                                                equity classified as FVPL, of €62 million, compared with a net decrease in fair value of €9 million in the corresponding

PART A
                                                quarter in 2022.
                                         An increase in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL Capital
                                           and Sienna Investment Managers of €34 million to a contribution to GBL’s earnings of €34 million, compared with a
                                           contribution of nil for the three-month period of 2022;
                                         An increase in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                           €29 million to a contribution to GBL of €14 million, compared with a contribution of negative €15 million in the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2022. In the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, GBL recognized an impairment
                                           charge on the goodwill of Sienna Real Estate; and
                                         A decrease in other operating expenses of €18 million to €39 million.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Imerys to GBL’s earnings of €97 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                           €73 million, compared with a contribution of €24 million for the corresponding quarter in 2022. The contribution in 2023
                                           includes GBL’s share of an impairment charge of €96 million recognized by Imerys on its assets serving the paper market
                                           reflecting current market conditions and recent expressions of interest received on this group of assets;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Affidea to GBL’s earnings of €16 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                           €9 million, compared with a contribution of €7 million for the corresponding quarter in 2022;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Sanoptis to GBL’s earnings of €9 million to a contribution to GBL of negative
                                           €15 million, compared with a negative contribution of €6 million for the corresponding quarter in 2022;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Canyon to GBL’s earnings of €3 million to a contribution to GBL of negative €6 million,
                                           compared with a contribution of negative €3 million for the corresponding quarter in 2022;
                                         A decrease in the contribution from Webhelp of €12 million as it was deconsolidated in the third quarter of 2023 following
                                           the closing of the transaction with Concentrix; and
                                         A decrease in dividends of €6 million to €48 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividends received from Pernod
                                           Ricard and MOWI. The decrease in the dividend received from MOWI was due to a decrease in GBL’s interest.

                                       For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, net earnings were €1,723 million, compared with a net loss of
                                       €585 million in the corresponding period in 2022. The increase in net earnings was mainly due to:
                                         An increase in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                           €1,395 million to a contribution to GBL of €1,308 million, compared with a net loss of €87 million in the corresponding
                                           period in 2022. In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, GBL recognized a gain of €1.3 billion on the
                                           deconsolidation of Webhelp following the closing of the transaction with Concentrix on September 25, 2023. The gain
                                           on deconsolidation of Webhelp includes the reversal of the liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders, which was
                                           extinguished on closing of the transaction. In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, GBL recognized an
                                           impairment on an investment held by GBL Capital of €103 million, partially offset by a net gain recognized on the sale of
                                           one investment held by GBL Capital, as well as the impairment charge as discussed in the three-month period above;
                                         An increase in other financial income of €1,036 million to income of €420 million in the twelve-month period ended
                                           December 31, 2023, compared with financial expenses of €616 million in the corresponding period in 2022. Other
                                           financial income includes:
                                              A gain of €61 million on marking to market derivatives associated with exchangeable bonds of GEA and Pernod
                                                Ricard and convertible bonds issued by GBL, compared with a gain of €98 million in the corresponding period in 2022;
                                              A positive impact of €107 million related to the decrease in the liability to Webhelp’s minority shareholders, including
                                                the effect of discounting, which was remeasured until its cancellation following the closing of the transaction with
                                                Concentrix, compared with a negative impact of €255 million related to the increase in the liability to Webhelp’s
                                                minority shareholders in the corresponding period in 2022; and
                                              A net increase in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private
                                                equity classified as FVPL, of €188 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, compared with a
                                                net decrease in fair value of €487 million in the corresponding period in 2022.



                                            A  38                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


  An increase in the contribution from investments consolidated or accounted for using the equity method by GBL Capital
    and Sienna Investment Managers of €60 million to a positive contribution to GBL's earnings of €48 million, compared
    with a negative contribution of €12 million for the twelve-month period of 2022; and
  A decrease in other operating expenses of €40 million to €233 million. The increase in liabilities recorded for Webhelp’s




                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    employee incentive plan was €112 million in the twelve-month period, including the effect of discounting and vesting,
    which was remeasured until its cancellation following the closing of the transaction with Concentrix, compared with an
    increase in liabilities of €159 million in the corresponding period in 2022.
 Partially offset by:
  A decrease in the contribution from Imerys to GBL’s earnings of €102 million to a contribution to GBL’s earnings of

                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
    €28 million, compared with a contribution of €130 million for the twelve-month period of 2022 as discussed in the three-
    month period above;
  A decrease in dividends of €36 million to €286 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from adidas
    and MOWI, partially offset by an increase in dividends received from SGS and Holcim;
  An increase in the negative contribution from Sanoptis to GBL’s earnings of €26 million to a negative contribution to GBL’s
    earnings of €47 million, compared with a negative contribution of €21 million for the twelve-month period of 2022.
    Sanoptis was acquired during the third quarter of 2022 and the costs incurred in 2022 were mainly acquisition-related;
  A decrease in the contribution from Piolin II S.à.r.l. to GBL’s earnings of €23 million to a negative contribution to GBL of
    €22 million, compared with a positive contribution of €1 million for the twelve-month period of 2022;
  A decrease in the contribution from Canyon to GBL’s earnings of €17 million to a negative contribution to GBL of
    €6 million, compared with a positive contribution of €11 million for the twelve-month period of 2022;
  An increase in the negative contribution from Affidea to GBL’s earnings of €12 million to a negative contribution to GBL’s
    earnings of €42 million, compared with a negative contribution of €30 million for the twelve-month period of 2022.
    Affidea was acquired during the third quarter of 2022 and the costs incurred in 2022 were mainly acquisition-related; and
  A decrease in the contribution from Webhelp of €12 million to a contribution to GBL’s earnings of €14 million, for the
    same reasons discussed in the three-month period above.

Average Exchange Rates
The average exchange rates for the three-month and twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:
                                                                                     Three months ended                            Twelve months ended
                                                     December 31,         December 31,                    December 31,   December 31,
                                                           2023                 2022          Change %          2023           2022          Change %

Euro/CAD                                                    1.4660              1.3862             5.8         1.4597         1.3696              6.6


The information above has been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued by GBL in its 2023
year-end press release. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.com).




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                       The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, is developing alternative




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several
                                       high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management
                                       businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
                                         Sagard is a multi-strategy alternative asset management firm with professionals principally located in Canada, the U.S.,
                                           Europe and the Middle East. Sagard has active strategies in venture capital & growth, private equity, private credit,

PART A
                                           royalties and real estate. Sagard also engages in private wealth management. Sagard looks to generate attractive returns
                                           by matching investment opportunities with flexible capital solutions and pairing entrepreneurs with teams that have deep
                                           industry knowledge.
                                         Power Sustainable is a sustainably led global alternative asset manager with offices in Canada, China, and the U.S. Power
                                           Sustainable aims to create long-term value by actively investing in entrepreneurial management teams, companies and
                                           projects with sustainable business models. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable
                                           China, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power Sustainable Lios and Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit.
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
                                       management and investing activities. Earnings from asset management activities include income earned from management
                                       fees and carried interest, net of investment platform expenses. Earnings from investing activities comprise income earned on
                                       the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the investment funds managed by each platform and the share
                                       of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held within the investment platforms.

                                       CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
                                       Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:
                                                                                                                               Three months ended                   Twelve months ended
                                                                                                December 31,     September 30,        December 31,        December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                      2023              2023                2022                2023            2022

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                        Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                          Asset management activities
                                           Sagard                                                         4                   (6)                 (10)            (25)             (68)
                                           Power Sustainable                                            (16)                 (15)                   3             (52)             (15)
                                          Investing activities (proprietary capital)
                                           Sagard                                                        17                    2                  (13)             36               26
                                           Power Sustainable                                            (70)                   8                (163)            (120)            (308)
                                                                                                        (65)                 (11)               (183)            (161)            (365)
                                        Adjustments
                                          Power Sustainable                                               −                    −                    −               −              (10)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                              (65)                 (11)               (183)            (161)            (375)




                                            A  40                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
platforms.

ASS ET MANAG EMENT ACTIVITIES




                                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Overview of the businesses

SAGARD
At December 31, 2023, Sagard had $21.3 billion (US$16.1 billion) of assets under management ($19.0 billion
(US$14.0 billion) at December 31, 2022), including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other Measures”), across
                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
five asset classes: venture capital & growth, private equity, private credit, royalties and real estate, including $1.5 billion
through its private wealth investment platform ($1.3 billion at December 31, 2022).
Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition of the assets
under management by strategy is as follows:
                                                                                                                          December 31,            December 31,
(In billions of dollars)                                                                                                        2023                    2022

Venture Capital & Growth [1]                                                                                                        3.8                     2.8
Private Equity                                                                                                                      4.2                     3.6
Private Credit                                                                                                                      3.4                     2.9
Royalties                                                                                                                           1.7                     1.2
Real Estate                                                                                                                         6.7                     7.2
Other [2]                                                                                                                           1.5                     1.3

Assets under management                                                                                                           21.3                     19.0
    Power Corporation                                                                                                               1.6                     1.2

    Third parties and associated companies   [3]
                                                                                                                                   19.7                    17.8

                           [1][4][5]
Fee-bearing capital                                                                                                               14.0                     12.8
    Power Corporation                                                                                                               1.0                     0.7

    Third parties and associated companies   [3]
                                                                                                                                  13.0                     12.1

[1] Includes inter-fund eliminations of Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II interests in the Diagram Funds within the Venture Capital & Growth asset class
     at December 31, 2023.
[2] Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform.
[3] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
[4] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
[5] Excludes the fee bearing capital of Sagard’s private wealth investment platform of $1.4 billion at December 31, 2023 ($1.3 billion at December 31, 2022).



Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 1.19% for the three-month
period ended December 31, 2023, compared with 1.36% in the corresponding quarter in 2022.
Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate was 1.26% for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023,
compared with 1.32% in the corresponding period in 2022.




                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following table summarizes the funds managed by Sagard and the Corporation’s interests in each of the funds:
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                                               Interest held                            Manager compensation
                                       (in millions; except as                                                  Capital        Power Associated                                                               Carried
                                          otherwise noted)                             Currency    Vintage commitments    Corporation companies [1] Third parties       Fees [2]                            interest [2]
                                                                                                                    ($)            (%)           (%)            (%)                 (%)                             (% )




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Venture Capital & Growth
                                       Portage Ventures I [3][4]                             C$      2016          466           38.0           62.0              −                2.00 Invested capital         10.0
                                                                   [3][5]
                                       Portage Ventures II                                   C$      2018          427           12.4           16.8          70.8                 2.00 Invested capital         20.0



PART A
                                       Portage Ventures III                                US$       2021          655             2.4          15.3          82.3                 2.25 Committed capital        20.0
                                                                            [6]
                                       Portage Capital Solutions                           US$       2022          381           39.4           34.8          25.8                 2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Diagram Funds [7]                                     C$       2016         370           19.2           19.5          61.3       1.00-2.50 Committed capital         nil-20.0
                                                                                                     -2023

                                       Private Equity
                                       Sagard Private Equity Canada                          C$      2021          407             3.7          13.7          82.6                 2.00 Committed capital        20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap II [5]                                   €      2006          728           22.4           25.8          51.8                 1.75 Invested capital         20.0
                                                                 [5][8]
                                       Sagard MidCap III                                      €      2013          729             0.2          26.9          72.9                 2.00 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard MidCap IV                                       €      2020          815           18.6           27.2          54.2                 1.75 Committed capital        20.0
                                                             [9]
                                       Sagard NewGen                                          €      2020          313             6.0          23.8          70.2                 2.00 Committed capital        20.0

                                       Private Credit
                                       Sagard Credit Partners I                            US$       2017          557           18.0            1.0          81.0                 1.50 Invested capital         15.0
                                       Sagard Credit Partners II                           US$       2020        1,167             4.3           5.2          90.5                 1.50 Invested capital         20.0
                                       Sagard Senior Lending Partners [6]                  US$       2022          338              −           15.1          84.9                 1.25 Invested capital         15.0

                                       Royalties
                                       Sagard Healthcare Partners [6][10]                  US$       2019        1,026           10.3            0.5          89.2       1.50-1.75 Committed capital             20.0

                                       Real Estate
                                       USPF [11]                                           US$       2002          953             1.7          21.2          77.1       0.75-0.98 Net asset value                   −

                                       [1] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$59 million in Portage
                                           Ventures III, up to US$143 million in Portage Capital Solutions, $50 million in SPEC, €50 million in Sagard MidCap IV, US$50 million in Sagard Credit Partners II, up to
                                           US$120 million in SSLP, and US$202 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II and US$26 million in Portage Ventures III), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard
                                           MidCap II), and GBL (€102 million in Sagard MidCap II, €192 million in Sagard MidCap III, €150 million in Sagard MidCap IV and €50 million in Sagard NewGen). Lifeco
                                           and IGM have invested $27 million and $262 million, respectively, in Portage Ventures I.
                                       [2] Represents the base management fees and carried interest of each fund.
                                       [3] Includes an interest in Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II of 38.0% and 7.7%, respectively, held through Power Financial.
                                       [4] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
                                       [5] During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based on invested
                                           capital, which may include a reserve for follow-on investments.
                                       [6] Fundraising activities continue for Portage Capital Solutions, Sagard Senior Lending Partners, Sagard Healthcare Partners and USPF.
                                       [7] The Diagram Funds include Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II, Diagram Ventures III, Diagram Opportunity and Diagram ClimateTech. Total capital commitments
                                           includes amounts committed by Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II. Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments
                                           from Portage Ventures I ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I) and Portage Ventures II ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I and $35 million in Diagram Ventures II). Diagram
                                           Ventures I and II do not have performance fees.
                                       [8] The Corporation’s interest is held in carried interest units.
                                       [9] During the second quarter of 2023, the Corporation completed the sale of €42 million of its original €60 million commitment (or a 13.5% limited partner (LP) interest) in
                                           Sagard NewGen through secondary transactions. The Corporation and Sagard have retained a LP interest of 6.0% at December 31, 2023.
                                       [10] Represents Series I and II; the interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of December 31, 2023. During the third quarter of 2023, Sagard Healthcare Partners
                                            completed the first close of the second series raising total capital commitments of up to US$300 million. The investment period is completed for the first series which
                                            represents a total commitment of $726 million; base compensation changed from 1.75% on committed capital to 1.50% on invested capital.
                                       [11] USPF is managed by Sagard Real Estate through a management service agreement. USPF is an open-end real estate fund and generally invests all committed capital; as
                                            such the capital commitments of the fund is representative of the net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                                              A  42                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table summarizes the activities of each of the funds managed by Sagard:
December 31, 2023                                                                                               Commitments
(in millions; except as                                                                                                                  Distributions
   otherwise noted)                                 Currency              Total funded         Unfunded             Unfunded                 to date [1]            NAV [2]

                                                                                    ($)               ($)                 (%)                       ($)                 ($)




                                                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Venture Capital & Growth
Portage Ventures I [3]                                    C$                      466                 −                     −                     621              1,176
Portage Ventures II                                       C$                      401                26                   6.1                       55                789



                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
Portage Ventures III                                    US$                       260               395                 60.4                         −                272
Portage Capital Solutions                               US$                         87              294                 77.1                         −                 80
Diagram Funds                                             C$                      155               215                 58.1                        76                194

Private Equity
Sagard Private Equity Canada                              C$                        98              309                 75.9                         −                 88
                          [4]
Sagard MidCap II                                           €                      722                  6                  0.9                   1,163                  40
Sagard MidCap III                                          €                      673                56                   7.7                     949                 708
Sagard MidCap IV                                           €                      567               248                 30.4                         −                653
Sagard NewGen [5]                                          €                      206               159                 50.7                        61                209

Private Credit
Sagard Credit Partners I [5]                            US$                       548               279                 50.1                      513                 169
Sagard Credit Partners II [5]                           US$                       446               753                 64.5                        32                485
Sagard Senior Lending Partners                          US$                         81              257                 75.9                         −                 60

Royalties
Sagard Healthcare Partners [5]                          US$                       726               421                 41.0                      162                 628

[1] Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases in fund size.
[2] Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and consolidated
    investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments
    to controlled and consolidated investments.
[3] Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple, which represents
    a fair value of $1.1 billion at December 31, 2023 ($0.9 billion at December 31, 2022).
[4] On April 21, 2022, Sagard MidCap II disposed of its last investment.
[5] Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by
    the fund. The unfunded commitments of Sagard NewGen, Sagard Credit Partners I, Sagard Credit Partners II and Sagard Healthcare Partners includes amounts
    distributed of €52 million, US$270 million, US$32 million and US$121 million, respectively, which are recallable by the fund.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Venture Capital & Growth (fintech investments)
                                         Sagard’s venture capital & growth asset class is managed under the Portage and Diagram platforms.

                                       PORTAGE
                                         Portage has a mission to empower entrepreneurs reshaping financial services by partnering with ambitious companies




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           across all stages through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital Solutions.
                                              Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators
                                                in insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
                                                Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 100 fintech companies and investment funds.

PART A
                                              Portage Capital Solutions is a capital partner for fintech and financial services businesses which aims to deliver flexible
                                                equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage fintech and financial services companies, and will generally target
                                                investments over US$50 million.

                                       DIAGRAM
                                         Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies, primarily in the financial services
                                           (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and invested in more than 20 companies.

                                       Private Equity
                                         Sagard, under its private equity asset class, manages three strategies including Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard
                                           Midcap (Europe), and Sagard NewGen (Europe).
                                              Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
                                                business and financial services, as well as manufacturing.
                                              Sagard MidCap is a European private equity investment strategy which invests in middle-market business services,
                                                healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
                                              Sagard NewGen is a European lower-middle-market private equity investment strategy that invests in high-growth
                                                technology and healthcare industry leaders, with investment sizes typically between €10 million and €50 million.

                                       Private Credit
                                         Sagard, under the private credit asset class, manages two strategies, Sagard Credit and Sagard Senior Lending.
                                              Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
                                                North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
                                                unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
                                              Sagard Senior Lending is a senior direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market companies in North America. It
                                                provides non-sponsor first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and private middle-market companies to help fund
                                                growth and other strategic initiatives.

                                       Royalties
                                         Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by approved
                                           and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare aims to accelerate
                                           the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive healthcare exposure
                                           largely uncorrelated to other asset classes.

                                       Real Estate
                                         Sagard Real Estate (formerly EverWest) is a full-service real estate investment platform operating in acquisitions,
                                           development, asset management, and property management in specific sub-markets within the United States. Sagard
                                           Real Estate is headquartered in Denver, Colorado with regional offices throughout the United States.
                                           Sagard Real Estate offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds.

                                       Private Wealth Investment Platform
                                         Sagard indirectly holds a 65.0% controlling interest in Grayhawk, a private wealth investment platform offering
                                           independent, bespoke and client-centric investment solutions for Canadian families. Grayhawk had $1.5 billion in assets
                                           under management at December 31, 2023 ($1.3 billion at December 31, 2022).




                                            A  44                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER SUSTAINABLE
At December 31, 2023, Power Sustainable had $4.5 billion of assets under management ($3.4 billion at December 31, 2022),
including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflect the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project debt,
and includes unfunded commitments.




                                                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                    December 31,                December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                  2023                        2022

Power Sustainable China                                                                                                                      715                            945

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                    2,748                        2,340
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                      797                             −
Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                       221                            157
Assets under management                                                                                                                    4,481                        3,442
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                       1,605                       1,626

    Third parties and associated companies [1]                                                                                              2,876                       1,816
                           [2]
Fee-bearing capital                                                                                                                        2,835                        2,533
    Power Corporation                                                                                                                       1,456                       1,444

    Third parties and associated companies      [1]
                                                                                                                                            1,379                       1,089

[1] Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco.
[2] Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1.0% for the three-month and twelve-month periods ended
December 31, 2023, comparable with the corresponding periods in 2022.
The following table summarizes the strategies managed by Power Sustainable and the Corporation’s interests in each of the
strategies:
December 31, 2023                                                                                 Commitments                                       Interest held
                                                                                       Capital           Total        Power         Associated            Third
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)     Currency     Vintage      commitments          funded    Corporation      companies [1]          parties            NAV
                                                                                            ($)            ($)           (%)               (%)               (%)             ($)
                                 [2]
Power Sustainable China                                       C$       2005                715            n.a.          71.1                 −             28.9             715
Power Sustainable Energy
 Infrastructure Partnership [3][4]                            C$       2021               1,800          894            38.2              14.7             47.1         1,342
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                      US$       2023                600             59              −            100.0                  −             61
Power Sustainable Lios [5]                                    C$       2022                234             57              −              18.5             81.5              44

[1] Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco of $220 million in PSEIP, $40 million in Power Sustainable Lios and
    US$600 million in Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit.
[2] Power Sustainable China manages open-end funds and assets on behalf of clients through separate investment management agreements; as such, the capital
    commitment is representative of the NAV.
[3] NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
    investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments
    to controlled and consolidated investments.
[4] The interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of December 31, 2023. Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of $500 million.
    At December 31, 2023, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $80 million since inception.
[5] Fund commitments of up to $263 million, of which $234 million is currently callable.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Sustainable China
                                       Power Sustainable China invests in mainland China’s public equity markets and is focused on providing returns with low levels
                                       of volatility. Power Sustainable China selects a high-conviction portfolio based on fundamental research and seeks to invest
                                       in well-led, high-quality companies that have a competitive edge versus their peers and are aligned with sustainable, long-
                                       term trends, as well as with business models that have significant alignment with the following goals: innovation and




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       technology, decarbonization and quality growth. Power Sustainable China manages China-based equity investment funds
                                       and holds a Private Fund Manager (PFM) licence for domestic Chinese investors. Power Sustainable China also manages the
                                       Corporation’s capital, which is invested in mainland China’s public equity markets through a Qualified Foreign Institutional
                                       Investor (QFII) licence as well as through the Hong Kong Stock Connect program.


PART A
                                       Power Sustainable China earns management fees ranging between 0.75% to 1.50% which are charged on the NAV of funds
                                       and investments managed, as well as performance fees earned on an absolute basis or relative to the MSCI China Index of
                                       15% to 20%.

                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
                                       energy platform with 2.2 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in
                                       advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
                                       Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 170 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                       financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                            which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in New Jersey, U.S. that
                                            acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                            commercial and industrial markets.
                                       The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
                                       The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                                                                          December 31,   December 31,
                                       (in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                      2023           2022

                                       Advanced development                                                                                                                       129            346
                                       Under construction                                                                                                                         410            546
                                                    [1]
                                       Operating                                                                                                                                1,690            936
                                                                                                                                                                                2,229          1,828
                                       [1] Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 312 MW at December 31, 2023 (42 MW at December 31, 2022).


                                       Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
                                       carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
                                       direct investments.
                                       At December 31, 2023, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $4.4 billion ($3.5 billion
                                       at December 31, 2022).

                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform launched in 2023, targets global investments
                                       in energy, transportation, social, digital and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform, based in Miami, targets sub-
                                       investment-grade infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies
                                       with tailored financing solutions.

                                       Power Sustainable Lios
                                       Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
                                       sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
                                       market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.




                                             A  46                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS – Asset Management Activities
Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS
Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees less investment platform expenses. Asset management
activities also includes carried interest and income from other management activities.




                                                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                   Three months ended                       Twelve months ended
                                                                                    December 31,     September 30,        December 31,          December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                          2023              2023                2022                  2023               2022

Sagard

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
  Management fees [1]                                                                        43                  42                  45                  175                 158
  Investment platform expenses                                                               (47)                (44)               (50)                 (184)               (162)
  Fee-related earnings (loss) [2]                                                             (4)                 (2)                 (5)                   (9)                (4)
                           [3][4]
  Net carried interest                                                                        (1)                 (1)                 (6)                   (6)               (62)
  Other [2]                                                                                    4                  (1)                 (1)                 (13)                 (5)
                                                                                              (1)                 (4)               (12)                  (28)                (71)
  Loss from private wealth platform and other
   asset management activities [5]                                                            (1)                 (2)                 (1)                   (6)                (9)
                                    [6]
  Non-controlling interests                                                                    6                  −                   3                     9                  12
                                                                                               4                  (6)               (10)                  (25)                (68)
Power Sustainable
  Management fees [1]                                                                          7                   7                  7                    27                  22
  Investment platform expenses                                                               (20)                (16)               (19)                  (71)                (63)
  Fee-related earnings (loss) [2]                                                            (13)                 (9)               (12)                  (44)                (41)
  Net performance fees and carried interest [3][7]                                             9                  (3)                19                    12                  30
          [2][8]
  Other                                                                                      (12)                 (3)                 (4)                 (20)                 (4)
                                                                                             (16)                (15)                 3                   (52)                (15)

Net earnings (loss)                                                                          (12)                (21)                 (7)                 (77)                (83)
[1] Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from
    investing activities. In the 2023, Sagard recognized a retroactive adjustment for management fees of $9 million, related to new capital committed in the fundraising close
    of Sagard NewGen and Portage Capital Solutions.
[2] Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
    Measures” for a description and reconciliation.
[3] Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of employee costs which are recognized over the vesting period. Carried interest is recognized based
    on changes in fair value of investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will
    not occur with respect to unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
[4] Included a reversal of net carried interest of $55 million in 2022 mainly due to decreases in the fair value of Wealthsimple and investments held in Portage Ventures II in
    the period.
[5] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities.
[6] Non-controlling interests include equity interests held in SHMI by Lifeco and management of Sagard.
[7] Includes net carried interest of $11 million as a result of the increase in the net asset value of PSEIP, of which $10 million was recognized in the fourth quarter ($17 million
    in the fourth quarter of 2022).
[8] Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP. The loss in 2023 is mainly due
    to expenses incurred related to customer acquisition costs, which were not recoverable from PSEIP.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INVES TING ACTIVITIES

                                       Overview
                                       Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
                                       development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
                                       Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
                                       underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
                                          Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Royalties and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership are

PART A
                                             expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
                                          Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital & Growth, Private Equity and Power Sustainable China are
                                             expected to generate returns as investments are monetized.
                                       The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
                                       investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                                                                                         December 31, 2023                                             December 31, 2022
                                                                                                         Investments       Distributions                                Investments      Distributions
                                       (in millions of dollars)                                             to date [1]        to date [1]         Fair value              to date [1]       to date [1]       Fair value

                                       Sagard
                                         Venture Capital & Growth [2]                                            359                274                 611                     249               234               491
                                         Private Equity [3]                                                    1,125              1,331                 244                   1,070             1,263               224
                                         Private Credit                                                          198                163                  69                     174               151                50
                                         Royalties                                                               146                  71                 85                     101                 47               57
                                         Real Estate                                                               32                   1                30                       24                 −               27
                                         Cash and other investments [4]                                              1                 −                 23                          1               −               68
                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Power Sustainable China [5][6]                                          417                372                 508                     387               340               666
                                         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                           PSEIP [7]                                                             335                  32                482                     269                   9             388
                                                                   [8]
                                           Direct investments                                                  1,144                514                 500                     978               500               391
                                         Other investments                                                           9                 −                   9                         3               −                 3

                                       [1] Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
                                       [2] Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
                                       [3] During the second quarter of 2023, the Corporation completed the sale of a 13.5% LP interest in Sagard NewGen through secondary transactions. The Corporation
                                           received gross proceeds of $37 million (€25 million) and realized a gain of $2 million recorded in net earnings in the second quarter of 2023.
                                       [4] Fair value includes $21 million of cash held within the Sagard investing activities at December 31, 2023 (cash and other assets of $66 million at December 31, 2022).
                                       [5] The fair value of the investments at December 31, 2023 includes $98 million held in cash ($53 million at December 31, 2022 net of unsettled transactions).
                                       [6] Investments to date includes $179 million invested in the Power Sustainable China platform since 2005 to fund expenses ($150 million at December 31, 2022). The
                                           increase in 2023 primarily relates to the funding of a performance fee payable and management fees.
                                       [7] Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
                                           previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021 and in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023.
                                       [8] Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related
                                           platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.




                                              A  48                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINTECH INVESTMENTS
Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds
allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group of companies, while
significant investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.




                                                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Wealthsimple
At December 31, 2023, Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM collectively held, through a limited partnership
controlled by Power Financial, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 56.6% (54.3% at December 31, 2022),

                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
representing a voting interest of 59.2% and a fully diluted equity interest of 43.4%. Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of
Canada’s fastest-growing financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for growing and managing money.
Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
investing to spending, saving and tax. At December 31, 2023, Wealthsimple had 2.2 million clients, excluding tax filers, across
the Canadian market with assets under administration of $31.0 billion, compared with $18.3 billion at December 31, 2022.
At December 31, 2023, the Power group had invested $340 million in Wealthsimple ($315 million at December 31, 2022),
and had received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
The fair value of the Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $1.1 billion at December 31, 2023 ($0.9 billion at December 31,
2022). The increase in fair value of the group’s interest in the fourth quarter is mainly due to a 20% fair value increase, and includes
an incremental investment during the period. The increase in fair value is consistent with the increase in public market peer
valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business performance and revised revenue expectations. The fair value of the Corporation’s
15.8% equity interest in Wealthsimple, including its indirect interest held through Portage Ventures I, on a fully diluted basis, was
$413 million at December 31, 2023 ($333 million at December 31, 2022).

RESULTS – Investing Activities
Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the investment
funds managed by the investment platforms and the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
held within the investment platforms. The results of certain consolidated funds and controlled and consolidated subsidiaries
included in investing activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the Corporation's respective investment, due to
the accounting treatment required for the underlying investments and activities.
The following table summarizes the classification of the investments held by the controlled and consolidated funds and direct
investments managed by the investment platforms:
Investment                                                 Classification of Investments held by the fund           Measurement [1]
                       [2]
Portage Ventures I                                         FVPL                                                     Fair value
Portage Ventures II                                        FVPL                                                     Fair value
Portage Ventures III                                       FVPL                                                     Fair value
Portage Capital Solutions                                  FVPL                                                     Fair value
Diagram Funds                                              FVPL                                                     Fair value
Chinese Public Equities                                    FVOCI                                                    Fair value

[1] The Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
    capital organization at FVPL.
[2] Excludes investment in Wealthsimple which is controlled and consolidated by the Corporation.


The Corporation consolidates the activities of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership on a historical cost basis;
therefore the increase in fair value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the
limited partner equity interests held by third parties which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been
classified as a financial liability and are remeasured at their redemption value.
Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
changes in fair value.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                                                          Three months ended                      Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                        December 31,       September 30,         December 31,         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                                              2023                2023                 2022                 2023               2022




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       Sagard
                                         Private equity and other strategies                                                       30                    2                    (4)                58                  36
                                                                                        [1]
                                         Venture capital (fintech investments)                                                     (13)                  −                    (9)               (22)                (10)


PART A
                                                                                                                                   17                    2                  (13)                 36                  26
                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Public equity [2]                                                                          (1)                  2                  (55)                  −                (218)
                                                                    [3][4]
                                         Energy infrastructure                                                                     (21)                  4                  (35)                (32)                (10)
                                                                                                                                   (22)                  6                  (90)                (32)               (228)
                                         Revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities [4][5]                               (48)                  2                  (73)                (88)                (80)
                                                                                                                                   (70)                  8                 (163)               (120)               (308)
                                       Adjustments
                                         Impairment charges on direct investments in
                                           energy infrastructure                                                                     −                   −                    −                   −                 (10)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                         (53)                 10                 (176)                (84)               (292)
                                       [1] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple. The year 2022 included a reversal of carried interest payable of $38 million, mainly due to a
                                           decrease in the fair value of Wealthsimple and investments held in Portage Ventures II in the period. The net increase in fair value of the Corporation’s investments,
                                           including its investments held through Power Financial in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II, Portage Ventures III and Wealthsimple, was $54 million in the twelve-
                                           month period ended December 31, 2023, compared with a net decrease of $430 million in fair value in the corresponding period in 2022.
                                       [2] On adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023, the Corporation classified its investments in Chinese public equities as FVOCI, an elective classification for equity instruments
                                           in which all fair value changes remain permanently in equity. Going forward, the contribution from investing activities will consist of dividend income and management
                                           and performance fee expenses. In 2022, the Corporation recognized realized losses on the disposal of investments in Power Sustainable China of $201 million, of which
                                           $55 million was in the fourth quarter, and $16 million in impairments due to declines in Chinese equity markets.
                                       [3] Consists of the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from direct investments in energy infrastructure and in the consolidated activities of PSEIP. Share of losses in 2023
                                           includes unrealized gains on derivative contracts hedging energy infrastructure projects of $3 million, of which a loss of $11 million was recorded in the fourth quarter.
                                           The first and fourth quarters of 2023 included the Corporation’s share of carried interest expense of $5 million and $7 million, respectively, which resulted from an
                                           increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP, and operating losses. Share of earnings in 2022 included a gain on disposal of a portfolio of solar assets of $20 million, and
                                           unrealized gains on derivative contracts hedging energy infrastructure projects of $31 million, of which $7 million was recorded in the fourth quarter. As well, the first
                                           quarter of 2022 excluded a charge of $10 million due to impairments on direct investments in energy infrastructure assets, recorded as an Adjustment (see the section
                                           “Adjustments” below).
                                       [4] Comparative information has been restated in accordance with the current presentation.
                                       [5] Consists of the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which results from changes in fair value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share
                                           of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP which are attributable to third-party investors. The Corporation controls and consolidates the activities of
                                           PSEIP on a historical cost basis; however, equity interests held by third parties have redemption features and are classified as a financial liability, which are remeasured
                                           at their redemption value. The first and fourth quarters of 2023 included a charge of $33 million and $35 million, respectively, related to the Corporation’s share of the
                                           revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which mainly resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP ($71 million recognized in 2022, of which
                                           $63 million was recorded in the fourth quarter).


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

                                       Power Sustainable
                                       For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, Power Sustainable recognized an impairment of $10 million on
                                       projects under construction which are included in direct investments in energy infrastructure within the Power Sustainable
                                       platform.




                                              A  50                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Other Investments and Standalone Businesses

OVER VIEW
Other investments and standalone businesses includes the Corporation’s investments held in investment and hedge funds as
well as the following equity investments in standalone businesses which are managed to create and realize value over time.




                                                                                                                                                                              POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Standalone Businesses
   Peak: Sagard held a 42.6% equity interest and a 50% voting interest in Peak at December 31, 2023. Peak designs,
      develops and commercializes sports equipment and apparel for ice hockey and lacrosse under iconic brands including

                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
      Bauer. Peak also holds a minority interest in Rawlings, a leading brand in baseball. The Corporation’s investment is
      accounted for using the equity method. In the fourth quarter of 2023, Sagard received a return of capital of $24 million
      from Peak ($29 million in 2022).
   LMPG: Power Sustainable, through Power Sustainable Energy, held a controlling interest of 49.6% at December 31, 2023
      (same as at December 31, 2022) in LMPG, an internationally recognized designer, developer, and manufacturer of a wide
      range of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial, institutional, and urban
      environments.
   Lion Electric (NYSE: LEV) (TSX: LEV): Power Sustainable, through Power Sustainable Energy, held a 34.1% equity interest
      at December 31, 2023 (35.4% at December 31, 2022) in Lion Electric. An innovative manufacturer of zero-
      emission vehicles, Lion Electric creates, designs and manufactures all-electric Class 5 to Class 8 commercial urban trucks
      and all-electric buses. Lion designs, builds and assembles many of its vehicles’ components, including chassis, battery
      packs, truck cabins and bus bodies.
      At December 31, 2023, Power Sustainable also held 9,842,519 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was $5 million at
      December 31, 2023 ($9 million at December 31, 2022).

R ES U LTS
Summary of other investments and standalone businesses:
                                                                                                             Three months ended                     Twelve months ended
                                                                                  December 31,   September 30,     December 31,         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                        2023            2023             2022                 2023               2022

Other investments
  Investment and hedge funds                                                                2                8                15                    5                 23
          [1]
  Other                                                                                     7              24                   5                 159                 25
Standalone businesses [2]                                                                 (21)               2              (102)                 (16)               (68)
Net earnings                                                                              (12)             34                (82)                 148                (20)
[1] Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents. In the second quarter of 2023, income earned from other investments includes a
    recovery of $97 million from the sale of the Corporation’s investment in Bellus Health Inc., a Canada-based late-stage biopharmaceutical company. On June 28, 2023,
    Bellus completed a transaction in which it was acquired by GSK plc for US$14.75 per share in cash. The investment in Bellus was accounted for as an associate using the
    equity method, with a carrying value of nil.
[2] Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Lion, LMPG, and Peak.


For the three-month period ended December 31, 2023, the net loss from other investments and standalone businesses was
$12 million, compared with a net loss of $82 million in the corresponding quarter in 2022. Standalone businesses had a net
loss of $21 million, compared with a net loss of $102 million in the corresponding quarter in 2022. The fourth quarter of 2023
includes a non-cash impairment charge of $7 million after tax ($8 million pre-tax) on the Corporation’s investment in Lion,
which reflects a decline in market value at December 31, 2023. The fourth quarter of 2022 included a non-cash impairment
charge of $109 million after tax ($126 million pre-tax) on the Corporation’s investment in Lion.
For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, net earnings from other investments and standalone businesses
were $148 million, compared with a net loss of $20 million in the corresponding period in 2022. Standalone businesses had
a net loss of $16 million, compared with a net loss of $68 million in the corresponding period in 2022. The decrease in net
loss of standalone businesses of $52 million was mainly due to a decrease in the negative contribution from Lion as discussed
in the three-month period above.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Corporate Operations (of the holding company)
                                       Corporate operations include operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation and income taxes.

                                       OPERATING AND OTHER EX PENS ES




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Summary of corporate operating and other expenses of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                                                          Three months ended                     Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                        December 31,        September 30,         December 31,       December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                              2023                 2023                 2022               2023                2022

                                       Operating expenses                                                                          42                   41                    33               153                139

PART A
                                       Depreciation                                                                                  1                    1                    2                  6                  6
                                       Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge [1]                                                 (3)                   8                   (1)               14                 (20)
                                       Financing charges [2]                                                                       14                   14                    14                55                  55
                                       Income taxes                                                                                  −                    1                    1                  2                  4
                                                                                                                                   54                   65                    49               230                184
                                       [1] During the second quarter of 2022, the Corporation attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which were reclassified as cash-settled share-
                                           based payments. The Corporation has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled share-based
                                           payments and related liability. The fair value change of TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of the
                                           derivative instrument.
                                       [2] Financing charges related to Power Financial were $17 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 ($18 million in 2022).




                                              A  52                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:
                                                                                                                 Three months ended                      Twelve months ended
                                                                                    December 31,    September 30,       December 31,         December 31,        December 31,




                                                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                          2023             2023                 2022               2023                  2022
                                                                                                                            (restated)                               (restated)

Lifeco [1]
  Market experience relative to expectations                                               (145)              104                (257)                (209)               353
                                                               [2]
  Assumption changes and management actions                                                  56                (72)                 (4)                 (14)                31

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
  Realized OCI gains (losses) from asset rebalancing                                          −                  −                  −                   (83)                 −
                                              [2][3]
  Other non-market related impacts                                                          (66)              (42)                (16)                (243)              (178)
                                                                                           (155)               (10)              (277)                (549)               206
  Effect of consolidation [4]                                                                 (1)                −                  −                    (3)                 1
                                                                                           (156)               (10)              (277)                (552)               207
IGM [1]
  Gain on disposal of IPC                                                                   137                  −                  −                  137                   −
  Gain on disposal of Lifeco shares                                                           −                  −                  −                  105                   −
  Restructuring charges                                                                       −                  −                  −                   (47)                 −
  IFRS 17 adjustment (Lifeco)                                                                 −                  −                  −                     9                  −
                                                                                            137                  −                  −                  204                   −
  Effect of consolidation [4]                                                              (151)                 −                (12)                (275)                 15
                                                                                            (14)                 −                (12)                  (71)                15
Sagard and Power Sustainable
  Impairment charges on direct investments in
    energy infrastructure                                                                     −                  −                  −                    −                 (10)
              [5]
ChinaAMC
  Transaction costs on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                   −                  −                  −                   (14)                 −
  Income taxes on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                        −                  −                  −                   (40)                 −
                                                                                              −                  −                  −                   (54)                 −
                                                                                           (170)               (10)              (289)                (677)               212
[1] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
[2] Following internal reviews at Lifeco, the mapping of certain assumption changes and management actions and business transformation impacts has been modified to
    reflect current presentation and comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 have been restated, as applicable.
[3] Includes business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs), amortization of acquisition-related
    intangible assets and tax legislative changes impacts.
[4] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions, including the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco
    to the Corporation, the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of IPC to Lifeco, as well as IGM’s share of Lifeco’s IFRS 17 adjustment; ii) the application of the Corporation’s
    accounting method for investments under common control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM; iii) IGM’s share of Lifeco’s Adjustments, in accordance with
    the Corporation’s definition of Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations; and iv) adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM for comparative periods prior
    to the Corporation’s adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023.
[5] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the group’s interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. The Corporation sold its
    13.9% interest in ChinaAMC to IGM. As the Power group continues to hold a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC, the Corporation did not record a gain on the disposal of its
    interest. As a result of the transaction, the Corporation incurred transaction costs of $14 million and income taxes of $40 million. The Corporation has recorded these
    amounts as an Adjustment.




For additional information on each of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable, refer to their respective “Adjustments”
sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL POSITION

                                       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
                                       The condensed balance sheets of Lifeco, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Power Financial, as well as the alternative asset investment platforms and other, are presented below. These tables reconcile the
                                       holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheets of the Corporation at December 31, 2023 and
                                       2022, which are included in Note 36 of the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    December 31, 2023



PART A
                                                                                                                                                                 Alternative Asset                              Power
                                                                                                                                                                       Investment                         Corporation
                                                                                                                                                   Holding          Platforms and           Effect of    Consolidated
                                                                                                                    Lifeco            IGM         company                  Other [1]   consolidation     balance sheet

                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                   7,742              545            1,218                    639              (207)           9,937
                                       Investments                                                              217,868             5,260               107                 2,017               110          225,362
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                           Lifeco and IGM                                                            387              589           19,028                       −          (20,004)                −
                                           GBL [2]                                                                      −                  −         3,717                       −                 −           3,717
                                           Other                                                                     446              712            2,499                       −           (3,657)                −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                 367            3,070                  3                1,392              (397)           4,435
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                   1,193                   −              −                      −                 −           1,193
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                           17,332                   −              −                      −                 −          17,332
                                       Assets held for sale                                                        4,467                   −              −                      −                 −           4,467
                                       Other assets                                                               24,739            4,599               282                 9,439              (300)          38,759
                                       Intangible assets [3]                                                       4,484            1,251                  2                  801               152            6,690
                                       Goodwill [3]                                                               11,249            2,637                 −                   549               195           14,630
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                          422,956                    −              −                      −                 −         422,956
                                       Total assets                                                             713,230           18,663            26,856                14,837            (24,108)         749,478
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                           144,388                    −              −                      −                 −         144,388
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                            88,919                   −              −                      −                 −          88,919
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                         648                   −              −                      −                 −             648
                                       Liabilities held for sale                                                   2,407                   −              −                      −                 −           2,407
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                           −           4,688                 −                      −                 −           4,688
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                         −                  −            647                      −                 −             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments [4]                                                9,046            2,400               250                 3,017                (88)         14,625
                                       Other liabilities                                                          15,015            4,855               986                 8,509              (430)          28,935
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            60,302                   −              −                      −                 −          60,302
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                          362,654                    −              −                      −                 −         362,654
                                       Total liabilities                                                        683,379           11,943             1,883                11,526               (518)         708,213
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                              1,500                   −              −                      −           (1,500)                −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                  2,720                   −         2,830                       −           (5,550)                −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                         −                  −            950                      −                 −             950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                         22,616            6,660           21,193                  2,844           (32,120)          21,193
                                       Non-controlling interests [5][6]                                            3,015               60                 −                   467           15,580            19,122
                                       Total equity                                                               29,851            6,720           24,973                  3,311           (23,590)          41,265
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                             713,230           18,663            26,856                14,837            (24,108)         749,478
                                       [1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                       [2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 36 of the
                                           2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       [3] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       [4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                       [5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       [6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.




                                              A  54                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                                                                                                                                         December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                                  (restated)
                                                                                                                     Alternative Asset                               Power
                                                                                                                           Investment                          Corporation
                                                                                                         Holding        Platforms and            Effect of    Consolidated
                                                                            Lifeco           IGM        company                Other [1]    consolidation     balance sheet




                                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                  7,290           1,073           1,277                  493               (285)             9,848
Investments                                                             215,024            5,199             194                1,976                152           222,545
Investments in publicly traded operating


                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
  companies, investment platforms and other:
  Lifeco and IGM                                                             375             940          18,186                     −           (19,501)                 −
  GBL [2]                                                                       −              −           3,314                     −                  −             3,314
  Other                                                                      327             596           2,524                     −            (3,447)                 −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                207           1,112             783                1,147                 (47)            3,202
Insurance contract assets                                                  1,140               −                −                    −                  −             1,140
Reinsurance contract held assets                                          17,571               −                −                    −                  −           17,571
Other assets                                                              25,549           5,652             310                4,664               (209)           35,966
Intangible assets [3]                                                      6,230           1,364                2                 751                 (31)            8,316
Goodwill [3]                                                              10,611           2,802                −                 591                613            14,617
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                         387, 882               −                −                    −                  −          387,882
Total assets                                                            672,206           18,738          26,590                9,622            (22,755)          704,401
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                          135,438                −                −                    −                  −          135,438
Investment contract liabilities                                           94,810               −                −                    −                  −           94,810
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                        537               −                −                    −                  −               537
Obligations to securitization entities                                          −          4,610                −                    −                  −             4,610
Power Corporation’s debentures and
 other debt instruments                                                         −              −             647                     −                  −               647
Non-recourse debentures and
 other debt instruments [4]                                               10,509           2,100             250                1,956                 (88)          14,727
Other liabilities                                                         14,235           5,900             987                4,366               (317)           25,171
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                           57,841               −                −                    −                  −           57,841
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                         330,041                −                −                    −                  −          330,041
Total liabilities                                                       643,411           12,610           1,884                6,322               (405)          663,822
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                             1,500               −                −                    −            (1,500)                 −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                      −              −           2,830                     −            (2,830)                 −
Non-participating shares                                                   2,720               −             950                     −            (2,720)               950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                        21,689           6,061          20,926                2,895            (30,645)           20,926
Non-controlling interests [5][6]                                           2,886              67                −                 405            15,345             18,703
Total equity                                                              28,795           6,128          24,706                3,300            (22,350)           40,579
Total liabilities and equity                                            672,206           18,738          26,590                9,622            (22,755)          704,401
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
[2] Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 36 of the
    2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.
[3] The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative Asset Investment Platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
[4] The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
[5] Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
[6] Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Consolidated assets and liabilities
                                       Total assets of the Corporation increased to $749.5 billion at December 31, 2023, compared with $704.4 billion at
                                       December 31, 2022, primarily due to the impacts of equity market movement, partially offset by the impact of currency
                                       movements.




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Liabilities increased to $708.2 billion at December 31, 2023, compared with $663.8 billion at December 31, 2022, mainly due
                                       to the following, as disclosed by Lifeco:
                                         Insurance contract liabilities increased by $9.0 billion, primarily due to market movements, partially offset by normal
                                           business movements.


PART A
                                         Investment contract liabilities decreased by $5.9 billion, primarily due to normal business movements, partially offset by
                                           investment experience.
                                         Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $35.1 billion, primarily
                                           due to the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $47.4 billion, partially offset by net
                                           withdrawals (net of policyholder deposits) of $8.5 billion, a $2.7 billion portfolio transfer of segregated funds related to
                                           AIB Life, and the negative impact of currency movement of $1.0 billion.
                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
                                       investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
                                       established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                            A  56                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying
changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the




                                                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
participating shares.
                                                                                                                                 December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                                                       2023                     2022
                                                                                                                                                            (restated)



                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
Holding company assets
Cash and cash equivalents [1]                                                                                                           1,218                     1,277
Investment in:
  Lifeco                                                                                                                               15,326                 14,579
  IGM                                                                                                                                   3,702                     3,607
  GBL [2]                                                                                                                               3,717                     3,314
                                                   [3]
  Alternative asset investment platforms                                                                                                1,861                     1,848
  ChinaAMC [4]                                                                                                                                −                    783
  Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                                748                   870
Other assets [5]                                                                                                                             284                   312
Total holding company assets                                                                                                           26,856                 26,590
Holding company liabilities
Debentures and other debt instruments [6]                                                                                                    897                   897
Other liabilities                                                                                                                            986                   987
Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                       1,883                     1,884
Holding company equity
Perpetual preferred shares [7]                                                                                                          2,830                     2,830
Non-participating shares                                                                                                                     950                   950
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                     21,193                 20,926
Total holding company equity                                                                                                           24,973                 24,706
Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                           26,856                 26,590
[1] Cash equivalents include $304 million ($358 million at December 31, 2022) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with
    IFRS, these are classified as investments in the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.
[2] Indirectly held through Parjointco.
[3] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
[4] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction in which the group’s interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM. Refer to the section
    “ChinaAMC” in the section “2023 Significant Developments and Transactions”.
[5] Includes $83 million of dividends declared in the fourth quarter by IGM (same as at December 31, 2022) and received by Power Financial on January 31, 2024.
[6] Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at December 31, 2023 (same as at December 31, 2022).
[7] Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Holding Company – Transition to IFRS 9
                                       The following table shows the reconciliation of the investments held by the holding company, not accounted for using the
                                       equity method or consolidated, from the original measurement category under IAS 39 to the new measurement category
                                       under IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023.




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                          Classification
                                       Investments in shares                                                                                           IAS 39                                     IFRS 9
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         Sagard
                                           Sagard Private Equity Canada                                                               Classified as FVPL                             Classified as FVPL

PART A
                                           Sagard MidCap II, 3 and 4                                                                  Available for sale                             Classified as FVPL
                                           Sagard Credit Partners                                                                     Classified as FVPL                             Classified as FVPL
                                           Sagard Credit Partners II                                                                  Classified as FVPL                             Classified as FVPL
                                           Sagard Healthcare Partners                                                                 Classified as FVPL                             Classified as FVPL
                                           USPF                                                                                       Classified as FVPL                             Classified as FVPL
                                         Power Sustainable
                                           Power Sustainable China (public equities)                                                  Available for sale                             FVOCI [1]
                                       Other investments                                                                              Available for sale                             Classified as FVPL

                                       [1] The Corporation has classified its investments in China public equities as FVOCI, an elective classification for equity instruments in which all fair value changes will remain
                                           permanently in equity.


                                       Cash and cash equivalents
                                       Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $1,218 million at December 31, 2023,
                                       compared with $1,277 million at the end of December 2022 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
                                       details).
                                       The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable including Power
                                       Sustainable China amounted to $120 million at December 31, 2023 ($121 million at December 31, 2022) and are included in
                                       the carrying amount of the investment platforms.




                                              A  58                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Investments

INVES TMENTS IN LIFECO, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )
The tables below present a continuity of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity method
for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL,




                                                                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
accounted for using the equity method, increased to $22,745 million at December 31, 2023, compared with $21,500 million
at December 31, 2022:
                                                                                                  Lifeco                   IGM                  GBL [1]                 Total

Carrying value, at December 31, 2022 (restated)                                                  14,579                  3,607                  3,314                21,500


                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
                                      [2]
  Change in accounting policy                                                                        (20)                    (1)                     −                   (21)
Carrying value, at January 1, 2023 (restated)                                                    14,559                  3,606                  3,314                21,479
  Investment in Lifeco [3]                                                                          553                      −                       −                  553
  Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                         2,450                    517                    423                 3,390
  Contribution from adjustments                                                                    (552)                   (71)                      −                  (623)
  Contribution from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                 (85)                    (2)                     −                   (87)
  Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                        122                    (50)                   (25)                    47
  Dividends                                                                                      (1,322)                  (333)                   (92)                (1,747)
  Effect of changes in ownership and other [4]                                                     (399)                    35                     97                   (267)
Carrying value, at December 31, 2023                                                             15,326                  3,702                  3,717                22,745
[1] Indirectly held through Parjointco.
[2] The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco and IGM have been restated on January 1, 2023 to reflect the adoption of IFRS 9 primarily related to the impact on Lifeco’s
    transition from an incurred loss model under IAS 39 to an expected credit loss (ECL) model under IFRS 9 for the determination of allowances for credit losses.
[3] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation acquired approximately 15.2 million Lifeco common shares from IGM, for cash consideration of $553 million. Refer to the section
    “ChinaAMC” in the section “2023 Significant Developments and Transactions”.
[4] Includes the effect of change in ownership as a result of i) the Corporation’s acquisition of an additional 1.6% interest in Lifeco from IGM, and ii) the sale of the
    Corporation’s interest in ChinaAMC to IGM.


                                                                                                  Lifeco                   IGM                  GBL [1]                 Total

Carrying value, at January 1, 2022 (as disclosed)                                                15,496                  3,434                  4,278                23,208
                                      [2]
  Change in accounting policy                                                                    (2,204)                   (82)                      −                (2,286)
Carrying value, at January 1, 2022 (restated)                                                    13,292                  3,352                  4,278                20,922
  Contribution from adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                  2,179                    539                    (15)                2,703
  Contribution from adjustments                                                                     207                     15                       −                  222
  Contribution from discontinued operations – Putnam                                                 (21)                    −                       −                   (21)
  Share of other comprehensive income (loss) [3]                                                     88                     52                   (929)                  (789)
  Dividends                                                                                      (1,216)                  (333)                   (84)                (1,633)
  Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                           50                    (18)                    64                     96
Carrying value, at December 31, 2022 (restated)                                                  14,579                  3,607                  3,314                21,500
[1] Indirectly held through Parjointco.
[2] The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco and IGM have been restated to reflect the proportionate share of Lifeco's impact on total equity on January 1, 2022 in
    connection with the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9. Upon adoption of IFRS 9, the Corporation elected to present comparative information for certain of Lifeco's financial
    assets as if the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 had been applied in the comparative period, on an instrument-by-instrument basis, as permitted
    by the amendment to IFRS 17 published by the IASB in December 2021.
[3] GBL’s share of other comprehensive income (loss) includes $919 million of unrealized losses on available-for-sale investments and $16 million of unrealized losses on
    foreign currency translation.




                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
                                       The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
                                       asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms, are
                                       presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                                                                December 31,   December 31,
                                       Carrying value, as at                                                                                                                          2023           2022

                                       Asset management companies


PART A
                                         Sagard                                                                                                                                         108             60
                                         Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                −             33
                                       Investing activities
                                         Sagard [1]                                                                                                                                     721            654
                                         Power Sustainable                                                                                                                            1,032          1,101
                                                                                                                                                                                      1,861          1,848
                                       [1] Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.


                                       OTHER INVES TMENTS AND STANDALONE BUS INESS ES
                                       The table below presents the components of other investments and standalone businesses; certain controlled standalone
                                       businesses are presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
                                       Other investments and standalone businesses are comprised of the following:
                                                                                                                                                                                December 31,   December 31,
                                       Carrying value, as at                                                                                                                          2023           2022

                                       Other investments [1]                                                                                                                            107            192
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                                                                            641            678
                                                                                                                                                                                        748            870
                                       [1] Includes portfolio investments in private investment funds and a select number of hedge funds. These investments are classified as FVPL. At December 31, 2023, the
                                           Corporation had outstanding commitments to make future capital contributions to these funds for an aggregate amount of $32 million.


                                       Income Taxes
                                       The non-capital losses of the holding company, at December 31, 2023, were $1,315 million ($1,277 million for which the
                                       benefits have not been recognized) and are available to reduce future taxable income (including capital gains). These losses
                                       expire from 2028 to 2043.
                                       The capital losses of the holding company, at December 31, 2023, were $144 million ($50 million for which the benefits have
                                       not been recognized) and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.
                                       In addition, at December 31, 2023, deductible temporary differences for which the benefits have not been recognized were
                                       $551 million.




                                              A  60                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Equity

NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES
Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of five series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate share
capital of $950 million at December 31, 2023 (same as at December 31, 2022), all of which are non-cumulative. All series are




                                                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 20 of the Corporation’s 2023
Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
Participating shareholders’ equity was $21,193 million at December 31, 2023, compared with $20,926 million at December 31, 2022:
                                                                                                                                         2023                  2022
Twelve months ended December 31                                                                                                                            (restated)

Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year [1]                                                                   20,926               23,385
Impact of initial application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 overlay                                                                                 −                (2,253)
Impact of initial application of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023                                                                                 (15)                   −
Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year (restated)                                                            20,911               21,132
Changes in participating shares
  Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                      (244)                 (169)
  Issuance of subordinate voting shares (1,273,542 shares in 2023 and 1,683,043 shares in 2022)
    under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                                                   42                    52
                                                                                                                                         (202)                 (117)
Changes in retained earnings
 Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                              2,247                 2,247
 Dividends declared                                                                                                                    (1,439)               (1,378)
 Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                                       (339)                 (246)
 Reclassification of options as cash-settled share-based payments [2]                                                                       −                   (54)
 Realized gains on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                                               21                     −
 Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                                   134                    10
                                                                                                                                          624                  579
Changes in reserves
 Other comprehensive income (loss)
   Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                                (87)                361
   Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                            178                  (551)
   Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                                     (101)                 425
   Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                          (160)                 (885)
 Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                                        30                   (18)
                                                                                                                                         (140)                 (668)
Participating shareholders’ equity, at December 31                                                                                     21,193               20,926
[1] Opening balance at January 1, 2023 is as restated.
[2] During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation attached tandem share appreciation rights to 13,621,606 options and reclassified the options as
    cash-settled share-based payments. See Note 21 to the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.


The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $32.49 at December 31,
2023, compared with $31.37 at the end of 2022.




                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       IFRS 17 AND IFRS 9 TR ANS ITIONAL IMPACTS ON EQU ITY
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries adopted IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 on their effective dates of January 1, 2023. The adoption of
                                       these standards had an impact on the Corporation’s opening equity balances. The January 1, 2022 participating shareholders'
                                       equity decreased by approximately $3.4 billion on the adoption of IFRS 17, primarily due to the establishment of the
                                       contractual service margin, partially offset by the removal of provisions no longer required under IFRS 17. The initial




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       application of the IFRS 9 overlay was an increase to the January 1, 2022 participating shareholders’ equity of $1.1 billion.
                                       Refer to the section “Changes in Accounting Policies” as well as Note 2 and Note 3 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated
                                       Financial Statements for additional information.


PART A
                                       OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
                                       At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 participating preferred shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
                                       at December 31, 2022), and 595,182,900 subordinate voting shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with
                                       612,219,731 at December 31, 2022.
                                       At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 23,293,904 subordinate voting shares
                                       of the Corporation, which includes 10,111,797 subordinate voting shares issuable pursuant to Replacement Options, under
                                       the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan.

                                       NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
                                       The Corporation’s Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) that commenced on February 28, 2022 expired on February 27, 2023.
                                       The Corporation did not make repurchases pursuant to this bid in the first quarter of 2023 (11.2 million Subordinate Voting
                                       Shares for a total of $415 million in 2022 under the NCIB programs).
                                       The Corporation commenced a new NCIB on March 1, 2023, which was effective until the earlier of February 29, 2024 and
                                       the date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant
                                       to this bid, the Corporation was authorized to purchase up to 30 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding
                                       (representing approximately 5.4% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 22, 2023) at
                                       market prices. At December 31, 2023, the Corporation had repurchased 16.1 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of
                                       $583 million.

                                       SUBSEQUENT EVENT
                                       On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the date
                                       on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to this bid,
                                       the Corporation may purchase up to 25 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing approximately
                                       4.6% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 16, 2024) at market prices. At March 20, 2024,
                                       the Corporation has repurchased 2.4 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $94 million under the NCIB programs.
                                       In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
                                       parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
                                       NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
                                       self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2024, the commencement
                                       date of the NCIB.




                                            A  62                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE

Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of




                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
fair value as follows:
  Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
    reporting date;

                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
  Investments in private entities are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using consistently applied
    valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations are prepared by
    external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are generally used to
    corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any management
    incentives;
  Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
    incentives.
The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
                                       sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
                                       (Lifeco, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a non-
                                       IFRS ratio, was $53.53 at December 31, 2023, compared with $41.91 at December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 27.7%.
                                       The Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $32.49 at December 31,




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       2023, compared with $31.37 at December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 3.6%.
                                                                                                                                         December 31, 2023                                         December 31, 2022
                                                                                                               Holding                                                      Holding
                                                                                                              company            Fair value      Adjusted net              company         Fair value      Adjusted net
                                                                                                          balance sheet         adjustment        asset value          balance sheet      adjustment        asset value


PART A
                                       Holding company assets                                                                                                               (restated)      (restated)

                                       Investments
                                         Power Financial
                                           Lifeco                                                               15,326             12,545             27,871                 14,579            4,835            19,414
                                           IGM                                                                    3,702             1,477               5,179                  3,607           1,985             5,592
                                           GBL   [1]
                                                                                                                  3,717             (1,422)             2,295                  3,314            (926)            2,388
                                         Alternative asset investment platforms
                                           Asset management companies [2]
                                             Sagard                                                                 108               157                 265                        60             −                60
                                             Power Sustainable                                                        −                  −                   −                       33             −                33
                                           Investing activities
                                             Sagard [3][4]                                                          721               341               1,062                    654             263               917
                                             Power Sustainable                                                    1,032               467               1,499                  1,101             344             1,445
                                         ChinaAMC                                                                     −                  −                   −                   783             367             1,150
                                         Other investments and standalone businesses
                                           Other investments                                                        107                  −                107                    192              55               247
                                           Standalone businesses [5]                                                641               159                 800                    678             151               829
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                  1,218                  −              1,218                  1,277                −            1,277
                                       Other assets                                                                 284                  −                284                    312                −              312
                                       Total holding company assets                                             26,856             13,724             40,580                 26,590            7,074            33,664
                                       Holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments                                        897                  −                897                    897                −              897
                                                           [6][7]
                                       Other liabilities                                                            986                  −                986                    987              37             1,024
                                       Non-participating shares and
                                        perpetual preferred shares                                                3,780                  −              3,780                  3,780                −            3,780
                                       Total holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares                                                  5,663                  −              5,663                  5,664              37             5,701
                                       Net value
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
                                        Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                     21,193             13,724             34,917                 20,926            7,037            27,963
                                       Per share                                                                 32.49                                  53.53                  31.37                             41.91
                                       [1] The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3.8 billion (€2.6 billion) at December 31, 2023 (same as at December 31, 2022).
                                       [2] The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value at December 31, 2023 (carrying value at December 31, 2022). The management company of Power
                                           Sustainable is presented at its carrying value and was primarily composed of cash and performance fees receivable at December 31, 2022.
                                       [3] Includes the Corporation’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, held by Power Financial.
                                       [4] Includes $21 million of cash held within the Sagard investing activities at December 31, 2023 (cash and other assets of $66 million at December 31, 2022).
                                       [5] An additional deferred tax liability of $4 million has been included in the adjusted net asset value at December 31, 2023 ($13 million at December 31, 2022) with respect
                                           to the investments in standalone businesses at fair value, without taking into account possible tax planning strategies. The Corporation has tax attributes (not otherwise
                                           recognized on the balance sheet) that could be available to minimize the tax if the Corporation were to dispose of its interests held in the standalone businesses.
                                       [6] In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
                                           jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
                                           will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
                                           such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
                                           on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.
                                       [7] At December 31, 2022, an additional deferred tax liability of $37 million was included in the adjusted net asset value related to the investment in ChinaAMC at fair value.


                                       Investments measured at market value and cash represent 92.2% of the total assets at fair value at December 31, 2023
                                       (88.7% at December 31, 2022). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
                                       the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $3,602 million or $5.52 per share.




                                              A  64                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CASH FLOWS

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
The condensed cash flows of Lifeco, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial on




                                                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
Corporation for the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, which are included in Note 36 of the 2023
Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.


                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
Twelve months ended December 31                                                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                                     Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                           Investment                              Power
                                                                                                         Holding        Platforms and           Effect of     Corporation
                                                                         Lifeco            IGM          company                Other [1]   consolidation     Consolidated

Cash flows from:
  Operating activities [2]                                              5,203             837              1,488                   (90)          (1,505)            5,933
  Financing activities                                                  (3,550)           (204)            (2,110)              1,657             1,404            (2,803)
  Investing activities [2]                                                (786)         (1,161)              563               (1,418)              181            (2,621)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                             (40)              −                  −                    (3)              (2)             (45)
Increase (decrease) in cash and
  cash equivalents                                                         827            (528)               (59)                146                78              464
Cash and cash equivalents,
  beginning of the year                                                 7,290            1,073             1,277                  493              (285)            9,848
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing
  and discontinued operations, at
  December 31                                                           8,117             545              1,218                  639              (207)          10,312
Less: cash and cash equivalents from
  discontinued operations, at
  December 31 [3]                                                         (375)              −                  −                    −                 −             (375)
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing
  operations, at December 31                                            7,742             545              1,218                  639              (207)            9,937
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
[2] The cash flows related to Lifeco’s sales, maturities, repayments and purchases of portfolio investments have been reclassified to Operating activities to align with its
    practice of managing the matching of general fund assets with insurance and investment contract liabilities. This activity had previously been presented in Investing
    activities.
[3] On May 31, 2023, Lifeco entered into an agreement to sell Putnam to Franklin Templeton. The transaction closed on January 1, 2024. The cash flows related to the
    discontinued operations have been presented separately.


                                                                                                                                                                     2022
Twelve months ended December 31                                                                                                                                  (restated)
                                                                                                                     Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                           Investment                              Power
                                                                                                          Holding       Platforms and           Effect of     Corporation
                                                                         Lifeco            IGM           company               Other [1]   consolidation     Consolidated

Cash flows from:
Operating activities [2]                                                3,772             738              1,473                    (34)         (1,695)            4,254
Financing activities                                                      (620)         (1,092)            (1,891)              1,146             1,509              (948)
                      [2]
Investing activities                                                    (2,218)           135                  60               (1,392)             165            (3,250)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                            281                −                  −                   14               (12)            283
Increase (decrease) in cash and
  cash equivalents                                                      1,215             (219)              (358)                (266)              (33)            339
Cash and cash equivalents,
  beginning of the year                                                 6,075            1,292             1,635                   759             (252)            9,509
Cash and cash equivalents, at December 31                               7,290            1,073             1,277                   493             (285)            9,848
[1] Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
[2] The cash flows related to Lifeco’s sales, maturities, repayments and purchases of portfolio investments have been reclassified to Operating activities to align with its
    practice of managing the matching of general fund assets with insurance and investment contract liabilities. This activity had previously been presented in Investing
    activities.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Consolidated cash and cash equivalents increased by $464 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023,
                                       compared with an increase of $339 million in the corresponding period in 2022.
                                       Operating activities produced a net inflow of $5,933 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023,
                                       compared with a net inflow of $4,254 million in the corresponding period in 2022.




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
                                       repurchase of participating and preferred shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and
                                       redeemable units by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation, and
                                       dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization
                                       entities by IGM, represented a net outflow of $2,803 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023,

PART A
                                       compared with a net outflow of $948 million in the corresponding period in 2022.
                                       Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of $2,621 million in the twelve-month period ended
                                       December 31, 2023, compared with a net outflow of $3,250 million in the corresponding period in 2022.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                       As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
                                       from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income
                                       taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
                                       holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
                                       holding company.
                                       Twelve months ended December 31                                                                                                           2023      2022

                                       Operating activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends
                                        Lifeco                                                                                                                                  1,322     1,216
                                        IGM                                                                                                                                       333       333
                                        GBL                                                                                                                                        92        84
                                        ChinaAMC                                                                                                                                    −        31
                                                                                            [1]
                                       Corporate operations, net of non-cash items                                                                                               (259)     (191)
                                                                                                                                                                                1,488     1,473
                                       Financing activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends paid on:
                                        Non-participating shares                                                                                                                   (52)      (52)
                                        Participating shares                                                                                                                    (1,374)   (1,331)
                                        Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                               (138)     (134)
                                       Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                       38        47
                                       Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                   (583)     (415)
                                       Repurchase of non-participating shares                                                                                                       −         (4)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                        (1)       (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                (2,110)   (1,891)
                                       Investing activities of the holding company
                                       Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments [2]                                                                              1,601       386
                                       Purchase of additional interest in Lifeco                                                                                                 (553)        −
                                       Purchase of investments                                                                                                                   (483)     (365)
                                       Other [3]                                                                                                                                    (2)      39
                                                                                                                                                                                  563        60
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            (59)    (358)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                                  1,277     1,635
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at December 31                                                                                                1,218     1,277
                                       [1] Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
                                       [2] Includes proceeds from disposal of the Corporation’s interest in ChinaAMC.
                                       [3] Includes proceeds received from the sale of a property by the Corporation in 2022.




                                             A  66                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial decreased by $59 million in the twelve-month period
ended December 31, 2023, compared with a decrease of $358 million in the corresponding period in 2022.
Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $1,488 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023,
compared with a net inflow of $1,473 million in the corresponding period in 2022. Dividends received from the publicly




                                                                                                                                                            POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
traded operating companies include:
Twelve months ended                                                                                   December 31, 2023                December 31, 2022
                                                                                          Dividend        Total dividend   Dividend        Total dividend
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                       per share             received   per share             received

  Lifeco                                                                                      2.08               1,322         1.96               1,216

                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
  IGM                                                                                         2.25                 333         2.25                  333


   Total dividend received from Parjointco was $92 million (€63 million) for the period ended December 31, 2023,
      compared with $84 million (€62 million) for the period ended December 31, 2022.
   On February 14, 2024, subsequent to year-end, Lifeco announced a 6.7% increase in the quarterly dividend on its
      common shares, from $0.520 per share to $0.555 per share, payable on March 28, 2024.

The Corporation’s financing activities during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 resulted in a net outflow of
$2,110 million, compared with a net outflow of $1,891 million in the corresponding period in 2022, and included:
   Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $1,426 million, compared with
      $1,383 million in the corresponding period in 2022. In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, dividends
      paid on the Corporation’s participating shares were $2.070 per share, compared with $1.980 in the corresponding period
      in 2022.
   Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $138 million, compared with $134 million in the corresponding
      period in 2022.
   Issuance of subordinate voting shares of the Corporation for $38 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
      Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $47 million
      in the corresponding period in 2022.
   Repurchase of subordinate voting shares of $583 million, as part of the NCIB, in the twelve-month period ended
      December 31, 2023, compared with repurchase for an amount of $415 million in the corresponding period in 2022.
   No repurchase of non-participating shares, compared with repurchase for an amount of $4 million in the corresponding
      period in 2022.


The Corporation’s investing activities during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023 resulted in a net inflow of
$563 million, compared with a net inflow of $60 million in the corresponding period in 2022.
Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
and in its investment platforms.
The Corporation decreased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
inflow of $54 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, compared with a net inflow of $122 million in
the corresponding period in 2022.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                          provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                             and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                          maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                             capital;


PART A
                                          maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                          maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
                                       term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
                                       participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
                                       effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
                                       other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
                                       Financial, Lifeco, IGM and controlled investments are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation does not guarantee
                                       debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 73% of consolidated capitalization at
                                       December 31, 2023.
                                                                                                                                                                                 December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                       (restated)

                                       Debentures and other debt instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                 647                647
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                   250                250
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                          9,046             10,509
                                       IGM                                                                                                                                             2,400              2,100
                                       Other [1]                                                                                                                                       3,017              1,956
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                           (88)                (88)
                                                                                                                                                                                      14,625             14,727
                                                                                                                                                                                      15,272             15,374
                                       Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                 950                950
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                 2,830              2,830
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                          4,220              4,220
                                                                                                                                                                                       7,050              7,050
                                                                                                                                                                                       8,000              8,000
                                       Equity
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                             21,193             20,926
                                       Non-controlling interests [2]                                                                                                                  12,072             11,653
                                                                                                                                                                                      33,265             32,579
                                                                                                                                                                                      56,537             55,953
                                       [1] Includes other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments and standalone businesses; consists of $299 million ($113 million in 2022) of debt including
                                           revolving credit facilities held by the investment funds, $2,490 million ($1,763 million in 2022) of project-related debt held within the Power Sustainable Energy
                                           Infrastructure platform, and $228 million ($80 million in 2022) of other debt held by standalone businesses. The other debt instruments are secured by the assets of the
                                           controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. See Note 17B to the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
                                       [2] Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Lifeco’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
                                           notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.




                                              A  68                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Power Corporation
  The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 16, 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of
    25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, subordinate voting shares, subscription receipts
    and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to




                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.

SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
  The Corporation commenced a NCIB on March 1, 2024 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the
    date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of subordinate voting shares. Refer to the


                                                                                                                                                                PART A
    section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

Power Financial
  Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated December 5, 2022, pursuant to which, for a period of
    25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
    debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
    equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.

Lifeco
  On April 18, 2023, Lifeco repaid the principal amount of its maturing €500 million senior 2.5% euro bonds, together with
    accrued interest that it had prefunded with the issuance of €500 million senior 4.7% euro bonds on November 16, 2022.
  Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of Lifeco, made payments on its non-revolving credit facility of US$150 million
    on March 31, 2023, US$150 million on June 30, 2023, US$100 million on September 29, 2023 and US$100 million on
    December 29, 2023. The remaining drawn balance was nil as at December 31, 2023.

IGM Financial
  On May 26, 2023, IGM issued $300 million 5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053. The net proceeds of the offering were
    used by IGM to fund a portion of the purchase price in connection with its acquisition of a 20.5% equity interest in
    Rockefeller and for general corporate purposes.
  In the second quarter of 2023, IGM entered into a non-revolving term loan facility with Schedule I Canadian chartered
    banks related to the proceeds on the sale of IPC. The term loan facility was repaid prior to its sale of IPC.

The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Lifeco and certain of its
main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.
See Note 23 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

RATINGS
The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Dominion
Bond Rating Service’s (DBRS) current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.
Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
commitment on the obligation is still strong.
The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for long-term
debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit quality than
AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. DBRS’ current rating on Power
Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                       A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RISK MANAGEMENT

                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
                                       interest in Lifeco and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest in
                                       GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating companies.
                                       A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors of Lifeco,
                                       IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees of the boards

PART A
                                       of directors of Lifeco and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation are members of these
                                       boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role as directors, they
                                       participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe risks related
                                       to Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       RISK OVERSIGHT
                                       The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
                                       oversight of its investments. The Board of Directors and executive officers of the Corporation have overall oversight and
                                       responsibility for risk management associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and
                                       maintain a comprehensive and appropriate set of policies and controls.
                                       The Board of Directors provides oversight and carries out its risk management mandate and addresses operational risks
                                       primarily through the following committees:
                                         The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting and cybersecurity.
                                         The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
                                         The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
                                           risks related to governance matters.
                                         The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
                                           of the Corporation.
                                       There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
                                       including the following and others discussed elsewhere in this MD&A, which investors should carefully consider before
                                       investing in securities of the Corporation. The following is a review of certain risks that could impact the financial condition
                                       and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the Corporation. This description of risks does not include all
                                       possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation is not currently aware.
                                       The following section discusses the risks specific to the Corporation including the liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk of
                                       the Corporation including Power Financial and the alternative asset investment platforms. Refer to Parts B and C of this MD&A
                                       for a specific discussion of the management of risk at Lifeco and IGM.

                                       STRATEGIC RISK
                                       Strategic risk arises as a result of ineffective strategic decision making, inadequate strategies or a lack of responsiveness to
                                       important changes to the business environment, including macroeconomic or country risk events, or changes to the
                                       regulatory environment. In addition, strategic risk includes risks associated with the Corporation’s holding company structure
                                       and potential future acquisitions.
                                       The successful execution of the Corporation’s investment strategy is uncertain as it requires suitable opportunities, careful
                                       timing and business judgment. The Corporation’s approach consists in overseeing, through the Board of Directors, its
                                       operating businesses and investments with a view to generate long-term, sustainable growth in earnings and dividends. The
                                       Corporation aims to act like an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
                                       The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for developing the Corporation’s proposed strategic plans, in light of emerging
                                       opportunities and risks and with a view to the Corporation’s sustained profitable growth and long-term value creation, and
                                       for implementing the approved strategic plans. The Board of Directors is responsible for approving the long-term goals and
                                       objectives for the Corporation, and, after considering alternatives, approving the strategic plans developed by the Chief
                                       Executive Officer. The Board of Directors also monitors senior management’s implementation of the approved plans; assesses
                                       the achievement of the Corporation’s goals and objectives; reviews and approves on at least an annual basis management’s
                                       financial plan; and reviews and approves any significant transactions and strategic capital management decisions regarding
                                       the Corporation.




                                            A  70                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due or not
be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
As a holding company, Power Corporation’s ability to meet its obligations, including payment of interest, other operating




                                                                                                                                           POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
expenses and dividends, and to complete current or desirable future enhancement opportunities or acquisitions generally
depends upon dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries, investment platforms and other investments, and its ability
to raise additional capital. Dividends to shareholders of Power Corporation is at the discretion of its Board of Directors and is
dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and creditworthiness of its subsidiaries, jointly
controlled corporations and associates, as well as on their ability to pay dividends. The payment of interest and dividends by

                                                                                                                                                                         PART A
the Corporation’s principal subsidiaries is subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. The requirements imposed by the regulators in any
jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiary to pay dividends.
The Corporation makes certain investments through its investment platforms in the securities of private companies and illiquid
securities. These investments may offer relatively high potential returns, but may also be subject to a relatively higher degree
of risk. From time to time, it may be in the best interests of the Corporation to exit these investments. However, securities of
private companies and illiquid securities may not have a ready market and the Corporation may be unable to sell such
securities at acceptable prices on a timely basis or at all. Illiquidity may limit the Corporation’s ability to realize a return or to
vary components of its investment portfolio promptly in response to changing conditions. In some cases, the Corporation
may also be restricted by contract or by applicable laws from selling such securities for a period of time. The valuation of
private companies is inherently difficult because there is a certain level of uncertainty in the assumptions used to determine
the fair value of these investments.
The Corporation and Power Financial regularly review their liquidity requirements and seek to maintain a sufficient level of
liquidity to meet their operating expenses, financing charges and payment of preferred share dividends for a reasonable
period of time, as defined in their policies. The ability of Power Corporation, including through Power Financial, to arrange
additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing market conditions as well as the business performance
of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. Although the Corporation has been able to access capital on financial markets in the
past, there can be no assurance this will be possible in the future. The inability of Power Corporation to access sufficient capital
on acceptable terms could have a material adverse effect on Power Corporation’s business, prospects, dividend paying
capability and financial condition, and further enhancement opportunities or acquisitions.
The Corporation held $1.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities and amounts held by Power
Financial, at December 31, 2023. Liquidity is also available through the Corporation’s lines of credit with Canadian banks. The
Corporation has a committed line of credit of $500 million. The Corporation also maintains an uncommitted line of credit of
$100 million, and any advances are at the bank’s sole discretion. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Corporation was not
utilizing its committed line of credit or uncommitted line of credit.
The investment platforms including the controlled and consolidated investments have committed lines of credit of
$651 million with Canadian and U.S. banks ($315 million was undrawn at December 31, 2023).
Principal repayments on debentures and other debt instruments, and pension funding (other than those of Lifeco and IGM)
represent the only significant contractual liquidity requirements. The debt instruments of Power Financial as well as those held
by the investment platforms, including the controlled and consolidated investments, are non-recourse to the Corporation.
Contractual maturities of certain liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                    Payments due by period
                                                                                 1 year                              Over
December 31, 2023                                                                or less       1–5 years           5 years       Total

Deposits and certificates                                                        5,369                −                 −       5,369
Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                             −               −               650            650
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                 751             726              1,850       3,327
Future lease payments                                                               34             121                324            479
Pension contributions                                                               15                −                 −            15
                                                                                 6,169             847              2,824       9,840


Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.
Power Corporation’s management of liquidity risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2022.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                A  71
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CREDIT RISK AND MARKET RISK
                                       In order to maintain an appropriate level of available liquidity, the Corporation maintains a portfolio of financial instruments
                                       which can be a combination of cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity
                                       securities, investment funds and hedge funds) and derivatives. The Corporation also holds, through Power Financial and its




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       investment platforms, shares of private and publicly traded companies and other loans. Those investments bear credit and
                                       market risks as described in the following sections.

                                       Credit risk
                                       Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation if a counterparty in a transaction fails to meet its payment

PART A
                                       obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit spreads on tradable fixed
                                       income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivatives products.
                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to an investment
                                       policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum ratings and
                                       concentration limits.
                                       Fixed income securities, which are included in investments and in cash and cash equivalents, consist primarily of bonds,
                                       bankers’ acceptances and highly liquid temporary deposits with Canadian chartered banks and banks in jurisdictions where
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms operate, as well as bonds and short-term securities of, or
                                       guaranteed by, the Canadian or U.S. governments. The Corporation and Power Financial regularly review the credit ratings
                                       of their counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is their carrying value.
                                       Derivatives can be also used mainly to mitigate exposure to foreign exchange and market risk related to certain stock-based
                                       compensation arrangements. Power Corporation and Power Financial regularly review the credit ratings of derivative financial
                                       instrument counterparties. Derivative contracts are over-the-counter with counterparties that are highly rated financial
                                       institutions.
                                       The financial instruments held by the investment platforms include other loans and are subject to credit risk. The investment
                                       platforms regularly review the credit ratings of their counterparties and the maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial
                                       instruments is their carrying value.
                                       The Corporation’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities
                                       and derivatives have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.

                                       Market risk
                                       Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of an investment will fluctuate as a result of changes in market
                                       factors. Market factors include foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and equity risk.

                                       F OR EIG N EX CHANG E R ISK
                                       Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms operating in different
                                       currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at different foreign exchange
                                       levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
                                       In its ongoing operations, the Corporation may hold cash balances denominated in foreign currencies and thus be exposed
                                       to fluctuations in exchange rates. In order to protect against such fluctuations, Power Corporation and Power Financial may
                                       from time to time enter into currency-hedging transactions with highly rated financial institutions. At December 31, 2023,
                                       approximately 28% of the $1,218 million of Power Corporation and Power Financial’s cash and cash equivalents and fixed
                                       income securities were denominated in foreign currencies, consisting of $281 million in U.S. dollars, $59 million in euros and
                                       $3 million in Swiss francs. At December 31, 2023, approximately 62% (75% at December 31, 2022) of Power Corporation,
                                       Power Financial and investment platforms’ cash and cash equivalents and fixed income securities were denominated in
                                       Canadian dollars.
                                       Investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and through its investment platforms are either classified as FVOCI
                                       or at FVPL. These investments are diversified among the U.S. dollar, the euro, the Chinese renminbi and the Hong Kong dollar
                                       which contributes to reducing the concentration of foreign exchange risk. All unrealized gains and losses due to foreign
                                       exchange rate variations on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income. Unrealized gains
                                       and losses on investments classified as FVPL resulting from foreign exchange rate variations are recorded directly in net
                                       earnings. At December 31, 2023, the impact of a 5% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would
                                       result in an unrealized loss recorded in other comprehensive income or a loss recorded in net earnings of approximately
                                       $20 million and $65 million, respectively. Power Corporation’s and Power Financial’s debentures are denominated in
                                       Canadian dollars.
                                       Power Corporation has net investments in foreign operations. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and
                                       losses from net investments in foreign operations are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening of
                                       the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar and Chinese renminbi spot rates impacts the Corporation’s total equity.




                                            A  72                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Power Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in GBL held through Parjointco as its functional currency
is the euro. Foreign currency translation gains and losses on this investment are recorded in other comprehensive income. At
December 31, 2023, the impact of a 5% increase (decrease) in Canadian currency relative to the foreign currency would
decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of foreign investment by approximately $185 million ($163 million in 2022).




                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INTERES T R ATE R IS K
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in interest rates.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms’ financial instruments do not have significant exposure to
interest rate risk.

                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
EQU ITY R ISK
Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from volatility
in equity markets.
Investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and through its investment platforms are either classified as FVOCI
or FVPL. All unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and
transferred directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are
recorded directly in net earnings. At December 31, 2023, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held
by Power Corporation, Power Financial and in the investment platforms would have resulted in approximately $41 million of
unrealized loss recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI, and $230 million of loss
recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations
and associates measured at FVPL.
The investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and through its investment platforms classified as FVOCI or at
FVPL, including jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL, include shares of private and publicly traded
companies. At December 31, 2023, investments held in shares of publicly traded companies and private companies
represented 15% and 85%, respectively, excluding equity interests held in consolidated investments. The investment
platforms are diversified, investing in three distinct economic regions: Europe, North America and China. This diversification
avoids a concentration in any one single economy.
GBL holds a portfolio of investments which the Corporation and GBL have classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All unrealized gains
and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to
retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net
earnings. At December 31, 2023, the impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate
$265 million unrealized loss to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a
$75 million loss recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL, representing the Corporation’s share of
Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
The market price of the equity securities of Power Corporation’s subsidiaries and investments may be volatile and subject to
numerous factors beyond such subsidiaries’ control. At times, financial markets have experienced significant price and volume
fluctuations that have affected the market price of the equity securities of the subsidiaries and investments, and that are often
unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Volatility in the market price
of the equity securities of subsidiaries and investments may have an impact on the adjusted net asset value reported by the
Corporation.
Power Corporation’s management of financial instruments risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2022. For a
further discussion of Power Corporation’s risk management, please refer to Note 24 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated
Financial Statements. Parts B and C of this MD&A describe respectively Lifeco’s and IGM’s management of financial
instruments risk.

OPERATIONAL RISK
Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from people, inadequate or failed internal processes and technologies,
or external events, which include the risks of adverse impacts from unethical practices, including internal and external frauds,
corruption and bribery, conflicts of interest and data privacy, as well as inadequate human resources practices, execution and
processing errors, model risk, valuation risk, suppliers and third-party risk, business disruptions, cybersecurity, legal risk and
regulatory compliance risk. Although operational risk cannot be eliminated entirely, the Corporation’s risk management
processes are designed to manage these risks in a thorough and diligent manner.
The Corporation manages operational risk by adopting and applying a series of corporate governance policies, procedures
and practices such as human resource and compensation practice policies, a clawback policy for all officers, a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics for directors, officers and employees (the Code of Conduct), a Third Party Code of Conduct, a Global Anti-
Bribery Policy, a Global Sanctions Policy, a Privacy Policy, business continuity procedures, related party transactions review and
other corporate governance guidelines. The Corporation also has established a series of controls for financial reporting and
disclosure purposes, and such controls, which are tested on a regular basis, can contribute to identifying and mitigating
operational risks.



                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                A  73
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Cybersecurity risk
                                       The Corporation is exposed to risks relating to cybersecurity, in particular cyber threats, which include cyber-attacks such as,
                                       but not limited to, hacking, computer viruses, unauthorized access to confidential, proprietary or sensitive information or other
                                       breaches of network or Information Technology (IT) security. The Corporation continues to monitor and enhance its defences




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       and procedures to prevent, detect, respond to and manage cybersecurity threats, which are constantly evolving.
                                       Consequently, the Corporation’s IT defences are continuously monitored and adapted to both prevent and detect cyber-
                                       attacks, and then recover and remediate. Disruption to information systems or breaches of security could result in a negative
                                       impact on the Corporation’s financial results or result in reputational damage.



PART A
                                       Model risk
                                       Model risk is the risk of adverse consequences arising from the inappropriate use or interpretation of models, or the use of
                                       deficient models, data or assumptions by the Corporation or by the investment platforms. Changes in the internal assumptions
                                       or other factors affecting the models could lead to a change in fair value. The Corporation and the investment platforms use
                                       a variety of models to assist in the valuation of financial instruments, operational scenario testing, management of cash flows,
                                       capital management, and assessment of potential acquisitions or investment decisions.

                                       Regulatory compliance risk
                                       Regulatory compliance risk is the risk of the Corporation or its employees failing to comply with the regulatory requirements
                                       in effect where the Corporation does business, both in Canada and internationally. There are many laws, governmental rules
                                       and regulations, including financial reporting and disclosure rules, that apply to the Corporation. Interpretation of these laws,
                                       rules and regulations by the Corporation, governmental agencies, or the courts could result in situations of regulatory non-
                                       compliance and could adversely affect the Corporation’s reputation and result in penalties, fines and sanctions or increased
                                       oversight by regulators. The Corporation, in addition to complying with these laws, rules and regulations, must also monitor
                                       them closely so that changes therein are taken into account in the management of its activities.
                                       The Corporation ensures that the tax implications of all of its strategic decisions comply with its legal and tax reporting
                                       obligations as well as anticipate potential changes in the current legal framework to avoid any risk of non-compliance that
                                       could have adverse impacts.

                                       REPUTATION RISK
                                       Reputation risk is the risk that an activity undertaken by the Corporation would be judged negatively by its stakeholders or
                                       the public, whether that judgment is with or without basis, thereby impairing its image and resulting potentially in the loss of
                                       business, limited financing capacity, legal action or increased regulatory oversight. Reputation risk can arise from a number
                                       of events and is generally related to a deficiency in managing another risk. For example, non-compliance with laws and
                                       regulations as well as deficiencies in financial reporting and disclosures can have a significant reputational impact on the
                                       organization.
                                       The Board of Directors has adopted the Code of Conduct, which includes the Corporation’s guidelines on conflicts of interest,
                                       as well as a Third Party Code of Conduct, that govern the conduct of the Corporation’s Directors, officers, employees, advisors,
                                       consultants and suppliers. The Board of Directors oversees compliance with the Code of Conduct through the Corporation’s
                                       General Counsel and Secretary, who monitors compliance with the Code of Conduct. Directors and employees of the
                                       Corporation are required to confirm annually, and officers are required to confirm quarterly, their understanding of, and
                                       agreement to comply with, the Code of Conduct.

                                       SUSTAINABILITY RISK
                                       Sustainability risk is the potential loss associated with the inability of the Corporation and its employees to identify and manage
                                       environmental and social risks, which could adversely impact the Corporation’s financial position and reputation.
                                       Environmental risks relate to the adverse impacts that could result from climate change, waste, and resource consumption.
                                       Social risks relate to the adverse impacts on people that could result from improper practices related to human rights, labour
                                       conditions, health and safety, harassment, diversity, equity and inclusion, wages and benefits, and supplier management.
                                       Anchored by a strong responsible management culture, the Corporation takes a balanced and sustainable approach to
                                       conducting business. The Corporation adheres to the clear guidelines set out in its Code of Conduct, which applies to the
                                       Corporation’s directors, officers and employees, as well as in its Third-Party Code of Conduct, which applies to advisors,
                                       consultants and suppliers. The Corporation also maintains other supporting policies, procedures and controls, including a
                                       Corporate Sustainability Statement, an Environmental Policy, a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy, and a Respectful
                                       Workplace Policy.




                                            A  74                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The Corporation provides training and capacity building for its employees to ensure sustainability risks are identified and
mitigated consistent with its policies and procedures. The Board of Directors’ risk management oversight includes ensuring
that material ESG risks are appropriately identified, managed, and monitored. Responsibility for sustainability considerations
at the Board of Directors’ level is assigned to the Governance and Nominating Committee. The Corporation’s Vice-President,
General Counsel and Secretary has been appointed as the Corporation’s ESG Lead. Sustainability risks and opportunities are




                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
reviewed by the Governance and Nominating Committee through an annual update and progress report provided by the
Corporation’s ESG Lead, or more frequently as appropriate. The ESG Lead also reports annually to the Audit Committee on
the implementation of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and of the Global Anti-Bribery Policy.
The Corporation monitors evolving regulatory requirements regarding sustainability reporting in order to be in compliance


                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
with any future requirements.

OTHER RISKS
Tax risk
Jurisdictions in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate periodically review and amend their tax laws and policies.
Changes to tax rates may increase the tax expense of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, adversely impacting earnings.
Management actively monitors changes and developments to domestic and international tax laws and policies and their
potential impacts.
In December 2021, the OECD published the Pillar Two model rules outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax
regime. A number of countries in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate, including Ireland, Germany and the
U.K., have enacted legislation, which will be effective for the Corporation and its subsidiaries as of January 1, 2024. Canada
and Barbados have published draft legislation, which is not substantively enacted but when enacted, is expected to be
effective for the Corporation and its subsidiaries as of January 1, 2024.
The global minimum tax is very complex in nature and will require significant interpretation of each country's new legislation.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries have performed a preliminary assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income
taxes. Potential exposure has been identified mainly in respect of Lifeco’s operations in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man,
jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is below 15%. Based on this preliminary assessment, the Corporation expects a
decrease in the range of 2-4% of Lifeco’s contribution to the Corporation’s adjusted net earnings.

Macroenvironmental risk
Many factors continue to contribute to the economic uncertainty in the geographies in which the Corporation and its
subsidiaries operate and to the elevated volatility of global financial markets. These include inflationary pressures, tighter
financial conditions and ongoing trade tensions and increased liquidity concerns with respect to certain U.S. and European
banks. Elevated global financial market volatility is due, in part, to certain geopolitical conflicts, which the Corporation and its
subsidiaries actively monitor. Central banks are weighing these factors in consideration of interest rate decisions in many of
the countries in which the Corporations and its subsidiaries operate. The outlook for financial markets over the short and
medium-term remains uncertain and the Corporation and its subsidiaries actively monitor events and information globally.
The diversified nature of the Corporation’s operating subsidiaries, their business models and the markets served, continue to
mitigate risks presented by ongoing global economic uncertainty.

Emerging risks
An emerging risk is a risk not well understood at the current time and for which the impacts on the Corporation, including on
its strategy and financial results, are difficult to assess or are in the process of being assessed.
Monitoring emerging risks is an important component of risk management. Power Corporation is actively monitoring
emerging risks through:
  Review and analysis at the boards and committees of its operating companies around the world where local executives
    describe the emerging risks in their respective environments.
  The Corporation’s executive officers act as the Corporation’s risk management committee. They meet regularly to
    identify, analyze and review the Corporation’s risks and to implement strategies to mitigate these risks.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  75
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS

                                       FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
                                       Fair value represents the amount that would be exchanged in an arm’s-length transaction between willing parties and is best




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       evidenced by a quoted market price, if one exists. Fair values represent management’s estimates and are generally calculated
                                       using market information and at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective
                                       in nature, involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed have been categorized
                                       based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
PART A                                   Level 1 inputs utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                                           Corporation has the ability to access.
                                         Level 2 inputs utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                                           directly or indirectly.
                                         Level 3 inputs utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and include situations
                                           where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
                                       when measuring fair value. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value
                                       hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement falls has been determined
                                       based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’
                                       assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and considers factors
                                       specific to the asset or liability.




                                            A  76                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ assets and liabilities
recorded or disclosed at fair value. The table distinguishes between assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
and those for which fair value is disclosed. The table excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not
measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. Items excluded are: cash and cash
equivalents, dividends, accounts and interest receivable, certain other financial assets, accounts payable, dividends and interest




                                                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
payable and certain other financial liabilities.
                                                                                                                       2023                                          2022
At December 31 [1]                                                                                                                                               (restated)
                                                                                         Carrying value            Fair value          Carrying value            Fair value



                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
Assets
Assets recorded at fair value
 Bonds
   FVPL                                                                                      145,213               145,213                 143,385               143,385
   FVOCI                                                                                       11,750               11,750                   12,701               12,701
   Available for sale                                                                                −                     −                    358                   358
 Mortgage and other loans
    FVPL                                                                                       33,459               33,459                   32,489               32,489
    FVOCI                                                                                         578                   578                     621                   621
  Shares
    FVPL                                                                                       16,177               16,177                   14,453               14,453
    FVOCI                                                                                         411                   411                        −                     −
  Available for sale                                                                                 −                     −                    964                   964
  Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates [2]                                832                   832                     697                   697
  Investment properties                                                                         7,870                 7,870                   8,344                 8,344
  Derivative instruments                                                                        2,349                 2,349                   2,480                 2,480
  Assets held for sale [3]                                                                      2,152                 2,152                        −                     −
  Other assets                                                                                  3,500                 3,500                   3,163                 3,163
                                                                                             224,291               224,291                 219,655               219,655
Assets disclosed at fair value
 Bonds
   Amortized cost                                                                                 373                   371                        −                     −
   Loans and receivables                                                                             −                     −                      16                   16
 Mortgage and other loans
   Amortized cost                                                                               9,531                 8,994                   4,192                 3,577
   Loans and receivables                                                                             −                     −                  5,022                 4,905
                                                                                                9,904                 9,365                   9,230                 8,498
Total                                                                                        234,195               233,656                 228,885               228,153
Liabilities
Liabilities recorded at fair value
  Investment contract liabilities                                                              88,919               88,919                   94,810               94,810
  Derivative instruments                                                                        1,351                 1,351                   1,717                 1,717
  Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                        1,833                 1,833                   1,697                 1,697
  Other liabilities                                                                               526                   526                     291                   291
                                                                                               92,629               92,629                   98,515               98,515
Liabilities disclosed at fair value
  Obligations to securitization entities                                                        4,688                 4,696                   4,610                 4,544
  Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                       647                   670                     647                   650
  Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                           14,625               14,037                   14,727               13,446
  Deposits and certificates                                                                     8,713                 8,713                   5,978                 5,978
  Other liabilities                                                                               147                   147                     143                   143
                                                                                               28,820               28,263                   26,105               24,761
Total                                                                                        121,449               120,892                 124,620               123,276
[1] The Corporation has elected to apply the overlay approach on an instrument-by-instrument basis, and therefore includes the application of the IFRS 9 overlay for certain
    instruments at December 31, 2022.
[2] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
    elected to be measured at FVPL.
[3] Assets held for sale measured at fair value includes shares of $46 million and trading account assets of $2,106 million.


See Note 30 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair
value measurement at December 31, 2023.


                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       A  77
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                       In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
                                       derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
                                       The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
                                       and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
                                         prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
                                         documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;


PART A
                                         demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
                                         monitoring the hedging relationships.
                                       There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
                                       derivative instruments in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023. The following table provides a summary of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                                   December 31, 2023                                      December 31, 2022
                                                                                                          Maximum                   Total                        Maximum                Total
                                                                                             Notional     credit risk          fair value             Notional   credit risk       fair value

                                       Power Corporation                                        367              20                  20                    301            3             (19)
                                       Power Financial                                            67             10                  10                     14            5                5
                                       Lifeco                                                 51,909         2,219                  931                46,639       2,314               675
                                       IGM                                                     1,903             43                   (7)                1,751          64               12
                                       Other subsidiaries                                      1,270             57                  44                  1,809          94               90
                                                                                              55,149         2,329                  978                50,213       2,477               782
                                                                                              55,516         2,349                  998                50,514       2,480               763


                                       During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, there was an increase of $5.0 billion in the notional amount of
                                       derivatives outstanding, primarily due to increases in regular hedging activities by Lifeco. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’
                                       exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position) decreased
                                       to $2,349 million at December 31, 2023 from $2,480 million at December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily driven by the
                                       impact of the British pound and euro strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay British pounds
                                       and euros and receive U.S. dollars.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by Lifeco and IGM,
                                       respectively.
                                       See Note 29 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.


                                       OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

                                       GUARANTEES
                                       In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
                                       of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
                                       subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
                                       amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
                                       determined. See also Note 35 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       LETTERS OF CREDIT
                                       In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Lifeco provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
                                       will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded
                                       to or amounts due from Lifeco. Lifeco may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing letters of
                                       credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A and Note 35 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                             A  78                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with




                                                                                                                                                                            POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.



                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

                                                                                                                             Payments due by period
                                                                                               1 year                          Over
At December 31, 2023                                                                           or less      1–5 years        5 years     Undefined [1]             Total
                         [2]
Power Corporation                                                                                   9              −           652               115               776
                   [2]
Power Financial                                                                                   12               2           252                  −              266
Lifeco                                                                                         7,110          3,768          6,416                  −           17,294
IGM                                                                                            4,326          4,347          1,986                  −           10,659
Alternative asset investment platforms and consolidation entries                               5,856            784          1,802               220             8,662
Total                                                                                         17,313          8,901         11,108               335            37,657
                                                       [3]
Debentures and other debt instruments                                                            943          4,144         10,303                  −           15,390
Obligations to securitization entities                                                           937          3,738              13                 −            4,688
Deposits and certificates                                                                      8,712               −              1                 −            8,713
Lease obligations [4]                                                                            117            364            534                  −            1,015
                               [5]
Purchase obligations                                                                             306            578            250                  −            1,134
Pension contributions [6]                                                                        257               −              −                 −              257
                                     [1][7]
Contractual commitments                                                                        6,041              77              7              335             6,460
Total                                                                                         17,313          8,901         11,108               335            37,657
[1] Includes outstanding commitments from the Corporation and the alternative asset investment platforms to make future capital contributions to investment funds; the
    exact amount and timing of each capital contribution cannot be determined. Excludes commitments to controlled and consolidated funds.
[2] Includes debentures of the Corporation of $650 million and Power Financial of $250 million.
[3] Refer to Note 16 and Note 17 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
[4] Refer to Note 18 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
[5] Purchase obligations are commitments of Lifeco to acquire goods and services, primarily related to information services, as well as construction and turbine purchase
    contracts related to wind projects under construction at Potentia.
[6] Pension contributions include expected contributions to defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as well as other post-employment benefit plans and are
    subject to change, as contribution decisions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements and management’s ability to change
    funding policy. Funding estimates beyond one year are excluded due to variability in the assumptions required to project the timing of future contributions.
[7] Includes $6,411 million of commitments by Lifeco. These contractual commitments are essentially commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course
    of operations, in accordance with Lifeco’s policies and guidelines, which are to be disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions.



SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS

In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
managements of the Corporation and its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality
experience. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the management of
the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or accounted for using the
equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation of
insurance contract liabilities, income taxes and employee future benefits.
The significant accounting estimates and judgments below reflect the implementation of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 by the
Corporation and its subsidiaries. Additional details regarding these significant estimates and judgments can be found in
Note 2 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements.



                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                A  79
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATION
                                       Management of the Corporation consolidates all subsidiaries and entities in which it has determined that the Corporation has
                                       control. Control is evaluated according to the ability of the Corporation to direct the relevant activities of the subsidiaries,
                                       including investment funds or other structured entities, in order to derive variable returns. Management of the Corporation




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       and of each of its subsidiaries exercise judgment in determining whether control exists. Judgment is exercised in evaluating
                                       the variable returns and in determining the extent to which the Corporation or its subsidiaries have the ability to exercise their
                                       power to affect variable returns.
                                       Management of the Corporation exercises judgement in determining whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent when
                                       the Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund. The Corporation determines that it is a

PART A
                                       principal when it has sufficient capital invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the decisions of
                                       the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager. Judgment is applied in determining the sufficiency of the variability of
                                       returns and overall aggregate economic interest. In making these judgments, the Corporation considers the rights held by
                                       other investors, including their ability to remove the fund manager.

                                       JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                       Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
                                       Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
                                       policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
                                       for using the equity method. Management of the Corporation and of each of its subsidiaries exercise judgment in determining
                                       whether joint control or significant influence exists.
                                       In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
                                       capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates at FVPL.

                                       FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
                                       Under IFRS 9, a financial asset is measured at fair value on initial recognition and is classified and subsequently measured as
                                       FVPL, FVOCI, or amortized cost based upon the Corporation’s or its subsidiaries’ business models for managing these assets
                                       and the contractual cash flow characteristics of these assets.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
                                       when measuring fair value. The following is a description of the methodologies used to value instruments carried at fair value.

                                       Bonds at FVPL and FVOCI
                                       Fair values for bonds measured as FVPL or FVOCI are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily
                                       provided by third-party independent pricing sources. Where prices are not quoted in an active market, fair values are
                                       determined by valuation models. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in active markets, when available,
                                       for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure bonds at fair value in its FVPL and FVOCI portfolios.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries estimate the fair value of bonds not traded in active markets by referring to actively
                                       traded securities with similar attributes, dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodology, discounted cash flow analyses and/or
                                       internal valuation models. This methodology considers such factors as the issuer’s industry, the security’s rating, term, coupon
                                       rate and position in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other
                                       relevant factors. For bonds that are not traded in active markets, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity, and such
                                       adjustments generally are based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management’s best estimate
                                       is used.

                                       Mortgage and other loans at FVPL and FVOCI
                                       There are no market-observable prices for mortgage and other loans; therefore, fair values for mortgage and other loans are
                                       determined by discounting expected future cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs
                                       typically include benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads based on current lending activities and market activity.

                                       Equity-release mortgages at FVPL
                                       There are no market-observable prices for equity-release mortgages; Lifeco uses an internal valuation model for discounting
                                       expected future cash flows and includes consideration of the embedded no-negative-equity guarantee. Inputs to the model
                                       include market-observable inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market-observable inputs
                                       include property growth and volatility rates, expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long-term care and
                                       interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no-negative-equity guarantee.




                                            A  80                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Shares at FVPL and FVOCI
Fair values of publicly traded shares are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where
it is principally traded. Fair values of shares for which there is no active market are typically based upon alternative valuation
techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movement relative to the market and utilization of




                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
information provided by the underlying investment manager. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in
active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure shares at fair value.

EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES
Under IFRS 9, expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified

                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
or designated as FVPL and equity instruments designated as FVOCI. The ECL model under IFRS 9 replaces the incurred loss
model under IAS 39.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries measure loss allowances at either a 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL. A 12-month ECL
results from any default events that could potentially occur within the 12 months following the reporting date. A 12-month
ECL is calculated for financial assets that are determined to have low credit risk or a credit risk that has not increased
significantly since initial recognition. A lifetime ECL results from all possible default events over the expected life of the
financial asset, which is the maximum contractual period over which the Corporation or its subsidiaries are exposed to the
credit risk. A lifetime ECL is recognized for financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since
initial recognition or when there is objective evidence of impairment.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor all financial assets that are subject to impairment for significant increases in
credit risk. In making this assessment, the Corporation and its subsidiaries consider both quantitative and qualitative
information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is
available without undue cost or effort.

Measurement of Expected Credit Losses
The ECL allowance is based on a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses expected as a result of defaults over the
relevant time period as prescribed under the ECL model. The measurement of ECL for a financial asset is based primarily on
the exposure at default, the probability of default, and the loss given default. The measurement of ECL allowances requires
the use of judgment and assumptions.

GOODWILL AND INDEFINITE LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS IMPAIRMENT TESTING
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for
impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Indefinite life intangible assets
that were previously impaired are reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal.
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units or to groups of cash generating
units (CGUs), representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill and
indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to the recoverable
amount of the CGUs to which the goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated.
An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less cost of disposal or value in use, which is calculated using the
present value of estimated future cash flows expected to be generated.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                          A  81
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INSURANCE, REINSURANCE HELD AND INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                       In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, Lifeco has made valuation assumptions regarding rates of
                                       mortality/morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of
                                       elective policy options or provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a risk




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       adjustment for non-financial risk. This risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that Lifeco requires
                                       for bearing uncertainty in the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk. Risk adjustments
                                       for non-financial risk are reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.
                                       The estimates of the present value of future cash flows are measured by Lifeco for reinsurance held using assumptions that
                                       are consistent with those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance

PART A
                                       contracts, with an adjustment for any risk of non-performance by the reinsurer.
                                       Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discount rates derived from a reference portfolio
                                       or stochastic modelling at the end of the reporting period. Lifeco’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that
                                       market participants would consider and make maximum use of observable market data.
                                       The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined in Part B of this MD&A, including Lifeco’s assumptions
                                       and sensitivity disclosures.

                                       PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain funded defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors,
                                       unfunded supplementary employee retirement plans (SERP) for eligible employees, and unfunded post-employment health,
                                       dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their dependants. The Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.
                                       The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average earnings. Expenses for
                                       defined benefit plans are actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method prorated on service, based upon
                                       management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ assumptions about discount rates, compensation increases,
                                       retirement ages of employees, mortality and expected health care costs. Any changes in these assumptions will impact the
                                       carrying amount of the pension benefit asset (liability). The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ accrued benefit asset (liability) in
                                       respect to defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by discounting the amount of the benefit that
                                       employees have earned in return for their service in current and prior periods and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
                                         The Corporation and its subsidiaries determine the net interest component of the pension expense for the period by
                                           applying the discount rate used to measure the accrued benefit asset (liability) at the beginning of the annual period to
                                           the net accrued benefit asset (liability). The discount rate used to value assets or liabilities is determined by reference to
                                           market yields on high-quality corporate bonds.
                                         If the plan benefits are changed, or a plan is curtailed, any past service costs or curtailment gains or losses are recognized
                                           immediately in net earnings.
                                         Net interest costs, administration expenses, current service costs, past service costs and curtailment and settlement gains
                                           or losses are recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.
                                         Remeasurements represent actuarial gains and losses, the actual return on plan assets greater (less) than interest income,
                                           and changes in the asset ceiling. Remeasurements are recognized immediately through other comprehensive income
                                           and are not subsequently reclassified to net earnings.
                                         The accrued benefit asset (liability) represents the plan surplus (deficit) and is included in other assets (other liabilities).
                                         Contributions to the defined contribution plans are expensed as incurred.




                                            A  82                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


INCOME TAXES
Current income tax
Current income tax is based on taxable income for the year. Current tax liabilities (assets) for the current and prior periods are
measured at the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) the taxation authorities using the rates that have been




                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in each respective jurisdiction. Current tax assets and current tax
liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to offset the recognized amounts and the entity intends either to settle
on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
A provision for tax treatment uncertainties which meet the probable threshold for recognition is measured using either the


                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
most likely amount or the expected value, depending upon which method provides the better prediction of the resolution of
the uncertainty. The provision for tax uncertainties will be classified as current or deferred based on how a disallowance of
the underlying uncertain tax treatment would impact the tax provision accrual as of the balance sheet date.

Deferred income tax
Deferred income tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences arising between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of taxable income
and on unused tax attributes, and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are
generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is
probable that future taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences and unused tax attributes
can be utilized.
Recognition of deferred tax assets is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax
planning opportunities available to allow the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods
may adversely impact the assessment of the recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in
establishing the deferred tax assets. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial planning process provides a basis for the
measurement of deferred tax assets.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the
liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to net current tax assets against
current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
longer probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized.
Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognized to the extent that it has
become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, jointly
controlled corporations and associates, except where the group controls the timing of the reversal of the temporary
differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
The Corporation applied the mandatory exception in IAS 12 whereby it is not recognizing and disclosing information about
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to income taxes arising from tax law to implement the Pillar Two model rules
published by the OECD.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              A  83
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                                       The Corporation actively monitors changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the International Accounting Standards
                                       Board (IASB) for potential impact on the Corporation.




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries adopted IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, which replaced
                                       IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts and IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement, respectively, on their effective
                                       date of January 1, 2023. The Corporation has also applied IFRS 9 as at January 1, 2023 when applying the equity method of
                                       accounting to GBL’s results.
                                       IFRS 17, which impacted only Lifeco due to its insurance activities, establishes principles for the recognition, measurement,
PART A
                                       presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. Under IFRS 17, groups of contracts are measured by Lifeco as the estimate
                                       of the present value of fulfillment cash flows, adjusted for an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk and the contractual
                                       service margin.
                                       IFRS 9 includes changes to the accounting of financial instruments for the following:
                                        i) classification and measurement of financial instruments based on a business model approach for managing financial
                                           assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset;
                                        ii) impairment based on an expected loss model; and
                                        iii) hedge accounting that incorporates the risk management practices of an entity.
                                       The accounting policies materially impacted by the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 are described in Note 2 to the 2023
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       The Corporation also adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, IAS 8, Accounting
                                       Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors and IAS 12, Income Taxes effective January 1, 2023. The adoption of
                                       these amendments did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12, Income Taxes effective May 23, 2023, and has applied the
                                       mandatory exception whereby it is not recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related
                                       to income taxes arising from tax law to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the OECD.

                                       ADOPTION OF IFRS 17 AND IFRS 9
                                       IFRS 17
                                       IFRS 17 introduces significant changes to the presentation of the Corporation’s financial statements. Portfolios of insurance
                                       contracts issued by Lifeco, and reinsurance contracts held that are assets and liabilities, are respectively presented separately.
                                       IFRS 17 also introduces significant measurement differences, including the following:
                                         Reclassification of contracts from insurance to investment contracts;
                                         Establishment of the CSM for in-force policies;
                                         Net impact of removing margin for adverse deviations (MfADs) and establishing an adjustment for non-financial risk;
                                         Adjustment for difference in discount rates;
                                         Adjustment for non-attributable expenses; and
                                         Other measurement impacts.
                                       Upon transition, IFRS 17 requires an entity to apply the standard retrospectively unless impracticable, in which case the entity
                                       shall use either the modified retrospective approach or the fair value approach.
                                       The full retrospective approach requires the Corporation, through Lifeco, to apply the guidance of IFRS 17 as if IFRS 17 had
                                       always been applied.
                                       Lifeco has performed a cut-off date assessment (by region and product) to determine the contracts to which the full
                                       retrospective approach can be applied. The Corporation, through Lifeco, applied the full retrospective approach to all
                                       identified insurance contracts unless it was impracticable, in the cases where reasonable and supportable information
                                       necessary to complete the full retrospective approach was not available.
                                       The fair value approach calculates the CSM or loss component of the liability for remaining coverage as the difference
                                       between the fair value of a group of insurance contracts at the date of transition and the fulfillment cash flows measured at
                                       that date. The Corporation, through Lifeco, has applied the fair value approach to contracts where it was impracticable to
                                       apply the full retrospective approach.
                                       An embedded value approach was used to determine the fair value within the fair value approach. Under the embedded
                                       value approach, the fair value is measured as the third party’s present value of fulfillment cash flows, plus future costs of capital,
                                       less any future profits. The cost of capital was measured as the total required capital times a hurdle rate, and the future profits
                                       are driven by the release of risk adjustment and investment income on required capital. The development of the assumptions
                                       was based on a combination of publicly available industry data, historic economic data and Lifeco’s own view of assumptions
                                       when the external data sources were not available.


                                            A  84                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


IFRS 9
IFRS 9 introduces changes to the classification and measurement of financial instruments as well as the transition from an
incurred loss model under IAS 39 to an ECL model for the determination of allowances for credit losses.

TR ANS ITION TO IF RS 9




                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation elected to present comparative information for certain of its financial assets, primarily those held by Lifeco,
as if the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 had been applied in the comparative period (IFRS 9 overlay),
as permitted by the amendment to IFRS 17 published by the IASB in December 2021. Differences in asset classification under
IAS 39 at December 31, 2022 and IFRS 9 at January 1, 2023 are outlined below.


                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
                                                                                                        Classification
Financial Assets                                                                             IAS 39                           IFRS 9

Bonds                                                                           Designated as FVPL                 Designated as FVPL
                                                                                                                   FVOCI

                                                                                Classified as FVPL                 Classified as FVPL

                                                                                Available for sale                 Classified as FVPL
                                                                                                                   FVOCI
                                                                                                                   Amortized cost

                                                                                Loans and receivables              Designated as FVPL
                                                                                                                   FVOCI
                                                                                                                   Amortized cost

Mortgage and other loans                                                        Designated as FVPL                 Classified as FVPL

                                                                                Available for sale                 Classified as FVPL

                                                                                Loans and receivables              Designated as FVPL
                                                                                                                   FVOCI
                                                                                                                   Amortized cost

Shares                                                                          Designated as FVPL                 Classified as FVPL

                                                                                Available for sale                 Classified as FVPL
                                                                                                                   FVOCI


The transition from IAS 39 to IFRS 9 results in a significantly larger portion of Lifeco’s bond and mortgage portfolios being
measured at fair value under IFRS 9. Based on January 1, 2023 balances, the transition to IFRS 9 leads to 100% of Lifeco’s
bond portfolio and 89% of its mortgage portfolio being measured at fair value, compared with 79% and 9%, respectively,
under IAS 39, which is expected to result in greater net earnings volatility.

HEDG E ACCOU NTING
As permitted under IFRS 9, the Corporation and its subsidiaries elected to continue to apply the hedge accounting principles
under IAS 39 instead of those under IFRS 9. The accounting policy for hedge accounting is disclosed in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2023.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           A  85
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Transition Impacts
                                       The impacts of the adoption of IFRS 17 include:
                                          January 1, 2022 participating shareholders' equity decreased by approximately 10% on the adoption of IFRS 17 on
                                             January 1, 2023 in line with original expectations, primarily due to the establishment of the CSM, partially offset by the




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                             removal of provisions no longer required under IFRS 17.
                                          The CSM established by Lifeco for in-force contracts at January 1, 2022 was $4.1 billion associated with shareholders’
                                             equity and $4.4 billion associated with non-controlling interests. This does not include the CSM on in-force segregated
                                             fund business which does not have a material impact on capital.


PART A
                                          The comparative 2022 adjusted net earnings [1] reported by Lifeco decreased by approximately 1.8% as a result of the
                                             transition. Approximately 70% of Lifeco’s business experienced limited or no change in 2022 comparative earnings with
                                             the adoption of IFRS 17, and for the businesses more impacted the main drivers of the change in earnings relate to the
                                             introduction of the CSM and the removal of the direct link between asset and liability measurement. The decrease in
                                             Lifeco’s adjusted net earnings was driven by a deferral of new business gains and certain trading activity, partially offset
                                             by higher in-force earnings driven by the CSM amortization and deferral of certain non-financial experience.
                                             There is an expected increase in net earnings volatility driven by the removal of the direct link between asset and liability
                                             measurement that existed under the Canadian Asset Liability Matching (CALM) process under IFRS 4. The adoption of
                                             IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 has led to an increase in the Corporation’s net earnings volatility due to market experience that was a
                                             result of the heightened market volatility in 2022.
                                       See Note 3 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Part B of this MD&A further
                                       describes the impacts of the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 and the expected increase in net earnings volatility at Lifeco.                                                   1




                                       IMPACT ON OPENING BALANCE S HEET
                                       The changes in accounting policies resulting from the adoption of these standards had an impact on the Corporation’s
                                       opening equity balances.
                                       The adoption of IFRS 17 and the IFRS 9 overlay resulted in an overall reduction of total assets of $13.6 billion, total liabilities
                                       of $10.2 billion, and total equity of $3.4 billion on the transition balance sheet as at January 1, 2022.
                                       Asset and liability reclassifications were driven by changes to the groupings of certain assets and liabilities. Significant
                                       reclassifications included $8.3 billion of loans to policyholders, $7.9 billion of funds held by ceding insurers, and $1.9 billion
                                       of premiums in the course of collection reclassified to insurance contract liabilities. In addition, $40.5 billion of insurance
                                       contract liabilities were reclassified to investment contract liabilities, and insurance contract assets of $1.5 billion and
                                       reinsurance contract held liabilities of $1.3 billion were established. The presentation of liabilities on account of segregated
                                       fund policyholders was separated between insurance and investment contract liabilities.
                                       IFRS 9 adjustments primarily resulted in an increase to assets of $2.6 billion due to a change in designation of certain bonds
                                       and mortgage and other loans held at amortized cost under IAS 39 to FVPL under IFRS 9.
                                       IFRS 17 adjustments mainly resulted in an increase to insurance contract liabilities of $6.8 billion, which is primarily the result
                                       of the establishment of CSM for in-force contracts of $4.1 billion associated with shareholders’ equity and $4.4 billion
                                       associated with non-controlling interests, partially offset by risk adjustments related to the transition from IFRS 4 to IFRS 17 of
                                       $1.4 billion associated with shareholders’ equity and $0.6 billion associated with non-controlling interests. This does not
                                       include the CSM on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a material impact on capital.
                                       Total equity decreased by $3.4 billion, consisting of a $2.3 billion reduction to shareholders’ equity and a $1.1 billion
                                       reduction to non-controlling interests.
                                       Shareholders’ equity decreased by $2.3 billion, primarily due to the establishment of the CSM of $4.4 billion and the
                                       adjustment for differences in the discount rate of $1.3 billion, offset by increases due to the transition of risk adjustments from
                                       IFRS 4 to IFRS 17 of $1.4 billion and the impact of the initial application of the IFRS 9 overlay of $1.5 billion. All other impacts,
                                       including taxes, adjustments for non-attributable expenses and from reclassifications, totalled an increase of $0.5 billion.
                                       The non-controlling interests decrease of $1.1 billion was due to the impact of the initial application of IFRS 17 of $2.0 billion,
                                       offset by the impact of the application of the IFRS 9 overlay of $0.9 billion.
                                       The adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023 impacted the classification of the Corporation’s investments and those held by
                                       GBL, which resulted in a reclassification of available-for-sale investments to FVPL investments and has led to a reclassification
                                       of the investment revaluation reserves to retained earnings of $305 million.




                                       [1] Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by segment.



                                              A  86                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES

The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze the effect
that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective. See Note 2 to




                                                                                                                                            POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
the 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information:
Standard                    Summary of future changes
IFRS 16 –                   In September 2022, the IASB published Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback, amendments to IFRS 16,
Leases                      Leases. The amendments clarify that in a sale and leaseback transaction, the seller-lessee cannot recognize a
                            gain or loss on the subsequent measurement of the lease liability related to the right of use it retains.

                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
                            These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, with
                            earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                            statements as a result of these amendments.

IAS 7 –                     In May 2023, the IASB published amendments to IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7, Financial
Statement of Cash Flows     Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments require an entity to provide additional disclosures about its
and                         supplier finance arrangements.
IFRS 7 –                    These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, with
Financial Instruments:      earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
Disclosures                 statements as a result of these amendments.



TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this Committee is to review
proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to employees. Such transactions are at market
terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
In the normal course of business, Canada Life and Putnam enter into various transactions with related companies which
include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services, respectively, to other companies within the Power
Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
pension and other post-employment benefits for employees of Power Corporation, Power Financial, and Lifeco and its
subsidiaries. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and
conduct review committee.
IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Lifeco. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and include
i) providing certain administrative and technology services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) the sale of residential
mortgages to Canada Life. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related
party and conduct review committee.
On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a previously announced agreement in which IGM acquired the
Corporation’s 13.9% interest held in ChinaAMC. In a separate transaction, IGM sold a 1.6% interest held in Lifeco to Power
Financial. Refer to the section “2023 Significant Developments and Transactions”.
On November 30, 2023, Lifeco and IGM completed a transaction whereby Lifeco acquired 100% of IPC from IGM for a total
purchase consideration of $585 million. Refer to the section “2023 Significant Developments and Transactions”.
On September 28, 2023, Sagard completed a transaction in which it expanded its existing strategic relationship with Lifeco.
Refer to the section “2023 Significant Developments and Transactions” and to Part B of this MD&A for further discussion.
In the third quarter of 2023, a wind project in construction representing approximately 20 MW and a project in development
were transferred from Potentia (direct investments) to PSEIP in exchange for consideration of $12 million in cash and units in
the fund.
See Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                  A  87
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

                                       Based on their evaluations at December 31, 2023, the Chief Executive Officer and the Vice-President and Controller, in the
                                       capacity of Chief Financial Officer (Chief Financial Officer) have concluded that the Corporation’s disclosure controls and




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       procedures were effective at December 31, 2023.


                                       INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING


PART A
                                       The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
                                       reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
                                       IFRS. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is
                                       responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal control systems
                                       have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems
                                       determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
                                       presentation.
                                       As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
                                       businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
                                       certifications filed by management of Lifeco and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in
                                       Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries
                                       and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal
                                       control over financial reporting.
                                       The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has
                                       evaluated the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2023, based on the
                                       Internal Control – Integrated Framework (COSO 2013 Framework) published by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
                                       of the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have
                                       concluded that the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2023.
                                       There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
                                       ended December 31, 2023 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s
                                       internal control over financial reporting.




                                            A  88                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION

Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations (NI 51-102) and as




                                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
provided in the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated January 19,
2021, regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation. The following disclosure is provided further to the requirements of
such decision:
                                                                                                     Corporate            Effect of             Total                  Total
At December 31, 2023                                                     Lifeco            IGM      and other [1]    consolidation    Power Financial      Power Corporation



                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
Total assets                                                         713,230             18,663         31,229            (21,314)             741,808              749,478
Total liabilities                                                    683,379             11,943          7,538               (314)             702,546              708,213
[1] Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.



At December 31, 2023                                                                                  For the three months ended                 For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                     Power                Power                   Power               Power
                                                                                                  Financial          Corporation               Financial         Corporation

Cash flows from operations                                                                           2,297                 2,224                 6,038                5,933



OTHER SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION OF POWER FINANCIAL
First Preferred Shares Issued and Outstanding
                                                                                                              December 31, 2023                            December 31, 2022
                                                                                                  Number                   Share              Number                   Share
                                                                                                  of shares               capital             of shares               capital
                                                                                                                               $                                           $
First Preferred Shares (perpetual)
  Series A [i]                                                                                4,000,000                     100              4,000,000                   100
  Series D [ii]                                                                               6,000,000                     150              6,000,000                   150
  Series E [ii]                                                                               8,000,000                     200              8,000,000                   200
  Series F [ii]                                                                               6,000,000                     150              6,000,000                   150
  Series H [ii]                                                                               6,000,000                     150              6,000,000                   150
             [ii]
  Series K                                                                                   10,000,000                     250         10,000,000                       250
  Series L [ii]                                                                               8,000,000                     200              8,000,000                   200
  Series O [ii]                                                                               6,000,000                     150              6,000,000                   150
  Series P [ii]                                                                               9,657,516                     241              9,657,516                   241
  Series Q [ii]                                                                               1,542,484                      39              1,542,484                   39
  Series R [ii]                                                                              10,000,000                     250         10,000,000                       250
  Series S [ii]                                                                              12,000,000                     300         12,000,000                       300
  Series T [ii]                                                                               8,000,000                     200              8,000,000                   200
  Series V [ii]                                                                              10,000,000                     250         10,000,000                       250
  Series 23 [ii]                                                                              8,000,000                     200              8,000,000                   200
                                                                                                                          2,830                                       2,830




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           A  89
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       F IRS T PR EF ERR ED S HARES
                                       [i] The Series A First Preferred Shares are entitled to a quarterly cumulative dividend, at a floating rate equal to one quarter of
                                       70% of the average prime rate quoted by two major Canadian chartered banks and are redeemable, at Power Financial’s
                                       option, at $25.00 per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends to the date fixed for redemption.




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       [ii] The following First Preferred Shares series are entitled to fixed non-cumulative preferential cash dividends payable
                                       quarterly. Power Financial may redeem for cash the First Preferred Shares in whole or in part, at Power Financial’s option, with
                                       all declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The dividends and redemption terms are as
                                       follows:
                                                                                                                       Cash dividends                                       Earliest issuer              Redemption


PART A
                                       First Preferred Shares                                                        payable quarterly                                   redemption date                      price
                                                                                                                             ($/share)                                                                       ($/share)
                                       Non-cumulative, fixed rate
                                         Series D, 5.50%                                                                    0.343750                        Currently redeemable                               25.00
                                         Series E,    5.25%                                                                 0.328125                        Currently redeemable                               25.00
                                         Series F,    5.90%                                                                 0.368750                        Currently redeemable                               25.00
                                         Series H, 5.75%                                                                    0.359375                        Currently redeemable                               25.00
                                         Series K, 4.95%                                                                    0.309375                        Currently redeemable                               25.00
                                         Series L,    5.10%                                                                 0.318750                        Currently redeemable                               25.00
                                         Series O, 5.80%                                                                    0.362500                        Currently redeemable                               25.00
                                         Series R,    5.50%                                                                 0.343750                        Currently redeemable                               25.00
                                         Series S,    4.80%                                                                 0.300000                        Currently redeemable                               25.00
                                         Series V, 5.15%                                                                    0.321875                        Currently redeemable                               25.75
                                         Series 23, 4.50%                                                                   0.281250                        January 31, 2027                                   26.00

                                       Non-cumulative, 5-year rate reset [1]
                                         Series P,    1.998%                                                                0.124875                        January 31, 2026                                   25.00
                                         Series T,    4.215% [2]                                                            0.263438                        January 31, 2024                                   25.00

                                       Non-cumulative, variable rate
                                        Series Q, 3-month Government
                                         of Canada Treasury Bill + 1.60% [3]                                                 Variable                       Currently redeemable                               25.50
                                       [1] The dividend rate will reset on the earliest issuer redemption date and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the 5-year Government of Canada bond yield plus a
                                           reset spread (1.60% for Series P and 2.37% for Series T). The holders have the option to convert their shares into non-cumulative floating rate First Preferred Shares
                                           subject to certain conditions on the earliest redemption date and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the 3-month Government of Canada Treasury Bill rate plus
                                           the reset spread indicated.
                                       [2] Pursuant to the terms of the Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares, Series T (Series T shares) and the Non-Cumulative Floating Rate First Preferred
                                           Shares, Series U (Series U shares), on January 31, 2024, the Series T shares were subject to a dividend rate reset and the holders of Series T were entitled to convert their
                                           shares into Series U. None of the outstanding 8,000,000 Series T shares were converted into Series U shares. The dividend rate for the Series T shares was reset to an
                                           annual fixed rate of 5.595% or $0.349688 per share cash dividend payable quarterly.
                                       [3] The holders have the option to convert their shares into Series P First Preferred Shares, subject to certain conditions, on the earliest redemption date and every fifth year
                                           thereafter. Power Financial may redeem for cash the Series Q shares, at Power Financial’s option, at $25.00 per share if redeemed on January 31, 2026 and on January 31
                                           every five years thereafter, or $25.50 per share if redeemed at any other date.




                                              A  90                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES

DEFINITIONS
This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these




                                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
this MD&A are defined as follows:


                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
Non-IFRS financial measure         Definition                                                             Purpose

                                                                                        [1]
Adjusted net earnings              Net earnings from continuing operations                    excluding   Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
from continuing                    Adjustments.                                                           underlying operating performance to that of
operations [1]                                                                                            previous periods as it reflects management’s view
                                                                                                          of the operating performance of the Corporation
                                                                                                          and its subsidiaries, excluding items that are not
                                                                                                          considered to be part of the underlying business
                                                                                                          results.
                                                                                                          As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                          assesses the performance of each operating
                                                                                                          company’s contribution to net earnings and
                                                                                                          adjusted net earnings.


  Adjustments                       After-tax impact of any item that in management’s                     Identifies items that are not considered part of
                                    judgment, including those identified by management                    operating performance by management,
                                    of its publicly traded operating companies, would                     including items identified by management of its
                                    make the period-over-period comparison of results                     publicly traded operating companies.
                                    from operations less meaningful.
                                    Includes the Corporation’s share of Lifeco’s impact of
                                    market-related impacts, where actual market returns
                                    in the current period are different than longer-term
                                    expected returns, assumption changes and
                                    management actions that impact the measurement of
                                    assets and liabilities, as well as items that
                                    management believes are not indicative of the
                                    underlying business results which include those
                                    identified by a subsidiary or a jointly controlled
                                    corporation. Items that management and
                                    management of its subsidiaries believe are not
                                    indicative of the underlying business results include
                                    business transformation impacts (including
                                    restructuring or reorganization and integration costs,
                                    acquisition and divestiture costs), material legal
                                    settlements, material impairment charges, impacts of
                                    income tax rate changes and other tax impairments,
                                    certain non-recurring material items, net gains, losses
                                    or costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a
                                    business, and other items that, when removed, assist
                                    in explaining underlying operating performance.
                                    Effective the first quarter of 2023, the Corporation
                                    introduced a refined definition of adjusted net
                                    earnings. This change is consistent with the
                                    introduction of a refined definition of base earnings
                                    (losses) by Lifeco with the adoption of IFRS 17 on
                                    January 1, 2023. The definition of Lifeco’s base
                                    earnings has been refined by Lifeco to exclude the
                                    following impacts that are included in IFRS-reported
                                    net earnings for an improved representation of
                                    Lifeco’s underlying business performance, as well as
                                    for consistency and comparability with its financial
                                    services peers: realized gains (losses) on the sale of
                                    assets measured at FVOCI, direct equity and interest
                                    rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets
                                    and liabilities, and amortization of acquisition-related
                                    finite life intangible assets. The Corporation has
                                    updated its definition of adjusted net earnings in line
                                    with Lifeco’s change. The comparative periods in
                                    2022 have been restated to reflect this change.

[1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.



                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              A  91
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                                     Purpose

                                       Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of          Presents the fair value of the participating
                                                                    the participating shareholders’ equity of Power                shareholders’ equity of the holding company and




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                    Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as         is used to assist in assessing value.
                                                                    the fair value of the assets of the combined Power             This measure may be used by investors and
                                                                    Corporation and Power Financial holding company                analysts in determining or comparing the fair value
                                                                    less their net debt and preferred shares.                      of investments held by the holding company or its
                                                                    The investments held in publicly traded entities               overall fair value.
                                                                    (including Lifeco, IGM and GBL) are measured at their

PART A
                                                                    market value and investments in private entities and
                                                                    investment funds are measured at management’s
                                                                    estimate of fair value.

                                       Consolidated assets and      Consolidated assets and assets under management                Consolidated assets and assets under
                                       assets under                 includes total assets per the financial statements as          management and Consolidated assets and assets
                                       management, and              well as assets managed on behalf of clients which are          under administration provide an indicator of the
                                       Consolidated assets and      beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized           size and volume of the Corporation’s consolidated
                                       assets under                 in the consolidated financial statements including:            businesses, including the publicly traded
                                       administration                  Internally and externally managed funds,                   operating companies and alternative asset
                                                                          including proprietary mutual funds, exchange-            investment platforms.
                                                                          traded funds and institutional assets, where the         Consolidated assets and assets under
                                                                          Corporation’s publicly traded operating                  administration includes assets in which the
                                                                          companies and alternative asset investment               Corporation’s consolidated publicly traded
                                                                          platforms have oversight of the investment               operating companies and investment
                                                                          policies; and                                            management services businesses only provide
                                                                       The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the          administration services, which are an important
                                                                          clients by asset managers controlled within the          aspect of the overall business and should be
                                                                          investment platforms, including assets managed           considered when comparing volumes, size and
                                                                          through a separately managed account.                    trends.
                                                                    Services provided in respect of assets under
                                                                    management include the selection of investments, the
                                                                    provision of investment advice and discretionary
                                                                    portfolio management on behalf of clients.
                                                                    Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                                                                    includes consolidated assets under management and
                                                                    other assets under administration. Other assets under
                                                                    administration includes assets where the Corporation’s
                                                                    consolidated publicly traded operating companies
                                                                    and investment management services businesses only
                                                                    provide administration services for which they earn
                                                                    fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                                                                    owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating
                                                                    subsidiaries do not direct the investing activities.
                                                                    Services provided relating to assets under
                                                                    administration include record keeping, safekeeping,
                                                                    collecting investment income, settling of transactions
                                                                    or other administrative services.




                                             A  92                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                               Purpose

Fee-related earnings         Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and         This measure is presented for the alternative asset
(of alternative asset        Power Sustainable and includes revenues from             investment platforms, Sagard and Power
investment platforms)        management fees earned across all asset classes, less    Sustainable, and is used to assess the profitability
                             investment platform expenses which include i) fee-       from their asset management activities. This




                                                                                                                                             POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                             related compensation including salary, bonus, and        financial measure provides insight as to whether
                             benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related        recurring revenues from management fees, which
                             earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis,          are not based on future realization events, are
                             including non-controlling interests.                     sufficient to cover associated operating expenses.
                             Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based

                                                                                                                                                                           PART A
                             compensation expenses, ii) amortization of
                             acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                             iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses,
                             iv) net interest, and v) other items that in
                             management’s judgment are not indicative of
                             underlying operating performance of the alternative
                             asset investment platforms, which include
                             restructuring costs, transaction and integration costs
                             related to business acquisitions and certain non-
                             recurring material items.



Non-IFRS ratio               Definition                                               Purpose

Adjusted net earnings        Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net         Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings from
from continuing              earnings from continuing operations.                     continuing operations on a per share basis; refer
operations per share         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations         to “Adjusted net earnings from continuing
                             divided by the weighted average number of                operations” definition above.
                             participating shares outstanding.

Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value calculated on a                 Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net
per share                    per share basis.                                         asset value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted
                             Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of        net asset value” definition above.
                             participating shares outstanding.


These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
other entities.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                   A  93
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES

                                       Adjusted Net Earnings
                                       The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
                                       Earnings”:
                                                                                                                                                   Three months ended                   Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                  December 31,       September 30,         December 31,       December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                                        2023                2023                   2022             2023              2022



PART A
                                                                                                                                                               (restated)                         (restated)
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations –
                                        Non-IFRS financial measure [1]                                                     579                1,007                  395            2,959            2,004
                                       Share of Adjustments [2], net of tax
                                        Lifeco                                                                             (156)                 (10)               (277)            (552)             207
                                        IGM                                                                                 (14)                   −                  (12)            (71)              15
                                        Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                          −                    −                    −               −              (10)
                                        ChinaAMC                                                                              −                    −                    −             (54)               −
                                                                                                                           (170)                 (10)               (289)            (677)             212
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations –
                                        IFRS financial measure [1]                                                         409                  997                  106            2,282            2,216
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                             (3)                 (22)                 (17)            (87)             (21)
                                                                                    [1]
                                       Net earnings – IFRS financial measure                                               406                  975                    89           2,195            2,195
                                       [1] Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
                                       [2] Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more detail on Adjustments from Lifeco, IGM, ChinaAMC, and Sagard and Power Sustainable.




                                             A  94                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:
                                                                                                                  Three months ended                     Twelve months ended
                                                                                      December 31,    September 30,      December 31,         December 31,       December 31,




                                                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                            2023             2023                2022               2023                 2022
                                                                                                                             (restated)                              (restated)

Lifeco [1]
  Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                       (239)             130                (261)                (314)              567
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           94               (26)                 4                 105                (214)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
  Realized OCI gains (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-tax)                                  −                 −                  −                  (99)                 −
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            −                 −                  −                   16                  −
  Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax) [2]                                     (20)              (85)               (14)                (102)                26
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           76                13                 10                   88                  5
  Business transformation impacts (pre-tax) [2][3][4]                                         (92)              (23)               (48)                (231)              (181)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             47                 6                  8                   80                 45
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
   intangible assets (pre-tax) [4]                                                            (28)              (34)               (24)                (124)              (111)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            7                 9                  6                   32                 27
  Tax legislative changes impact [4]                                                            −                 −                  −                    −                  −
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            −                 −                 42                    −                 42
                                                                                             (155)              (10)              (277)                (549)              206
Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [5]                                                           (1)               −                  −                   (4)                 1
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            −                 −                  −                    1                  −
                                                                                             (156)              (10)              (277)                (552)              207
      [1]
IGM
  Gain on disposal of IPC (pre-tax)                                                           137                 −                  −                 137                   −
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            −                 −                  −                    −                  −
  Gain on disposal of Lifeco shares (pre-tax)                                                   −                 −                  −                 108                   −
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            −                 −                  −                   (3)                 −
  Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                               −                 −                  −                  (64)                 −
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            −                 −                  −                   17                  −
  IFRS 17 adjustment (pre-tax)                                                                  −                 −                  −                    9                  −
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            −                 −                  −                    −                  −
                                                                                              137                 −                  −                 204                   −
Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) [5]                                                        (156)                −                (14)                (291)                20
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            5                 −                  2                   16                  (5)
                                                                                              (14)                −                (12)                 (71)                15
Sagard and Power Sustainable
 Impairment charges on direct investments in
   energy infrastructure (pre-tax)                                                              −                 −                  −                    −                (13)
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            −                 −                  −                    −                  3
                                                                                                −                 −                  −                    −                (10)
ChinaAMC
  Transaction costs on disposal of ChinaAMC (pre-tax)                                           −                 −                  −                  (14)                 −
        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            −                 −                  −                    −                  −
  Income taxes on disposal of ChinaAMC                                                          −                 −                  −                  (40)                 −
                                                                                                −                 −                  −                  (54)                 −
                                                                                             (170)              (10)              (289)                (677)              212
[1] As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
[2] Following internal reviews at Lifeco, the mapping of certain assumption changes and management actions and business transformation impacts has been modified to
    reflect current presentation and comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 have been restated, as applicable.
[3] Business transformation impacts include restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs.
[4] Included in other non-market related impacts.
[5] The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions, including the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of a portion of its interest in Lifeco
    to the Corporation, the gain recognized by IGM on the sale of IPC to Lifeco, as well as IGM’s share of Lifeco’s IFRS 17 adjustment; ii) the application of the Corporation’s
    accounting method for investments under common control to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM; iii) IGM’s share of Lifeco’s Adjustments, in accordance with
    the Corporation’s definition of Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations; and iv) adjustments in accordance with IAS 39 for IGM for comparative periods
    presented prior to the Corporation’s adoption of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2023.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           A  95
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted Net Asset Value
                                       The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the
                                       adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
                                       Asset Value”:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                  December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                      (restated)

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
                                         Share capital – participating shares                                                                                                           9,284            9,486


PART A
                                         Retained earnings                                                                                                                             10,005            9,099
                                         Reserves                                                                                                                                       1,904            2,341
                                                                                                                                                                                       21,193           20,926
                                       Fair value adjustments [1]
                                         Lifeco                                                                                                                                        12,545            4,835
                                         IGM                                                                                                                                            1,477            1,985
                                         GBL                                                                                                                                            (1,422)           (926)
                                         Alternative asset investment platforms                                                                                                           965              607
                                         ChinaAMC                                                                                                                                           −              367
                                         Other investments and standalone businesses                                                                                                      159              206
                                                                             [1]
                                       Adjustments to Other liabilities                                                                                                                     −               (37)
                                                                                                                                                                                       13,724            7,037
                                       Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                                           34,917           27,963
                                                    [2]
                                       Per share
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                                  32.49            31.37
                                       Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                                         53.53            41.91
                                       [1] Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value and other adjustments.
                                       [2] Attributable to participating shareholders.


                                       Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Management and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                                                                  December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                       (In billions of dollars)                                                                                                                                       (restated)

                                       Total consolidated assets per financial statements [1]                                                                                             749              704
                                           Other assets under management
                                               Continuing operations                                                                                                                      410              360
                                               Discontinued operations                                                                                                                    162              149
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under management [1]                                                                                         1,321           1,213
                                           Other assets under administration                                                                                                             1,787           1,505
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under administration [1]                                                                                     3,108           2,718
                                       [1] Includes assets held for sale and other assets under management related to the discontinued operations of Putnam.




                                               A  96                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power
Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and




                                                                                                                                                                           POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                    Three months ended             Twelve months ended
                                                                                   December 31,    September 30,       December 31,      December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                         2023             2023                 2022            2023              2022
                                                                                                                           (restated)                        (restated)



                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of
 Power Corporation – IFRS financial measure                                                406             975                   89            2,195            2,195
Excluding:
  Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco                                                (479)            (612)               (268)           (1,813)         (2,365)
  Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                   (107)            (137)               (120)            (444)            (554)
  Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                      1             (315)                (48)            (423)               15
  Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL                                   (585)          (1,064)               (436)           (2,680)         (2,904)
  Contribution to net earnings from the holding company                                     93               80                  62              308              266
Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
 Investment Platforms and Other                                                            (86)              (9)               (285)            (177)            (443)
Excluding:
  Investing activities                                                                      53              (10)                176               84              292
  Standalone businesses                                                                     21                (2)               102               16                68
Contribution to net earnings from Asset
 Management Activities                                                                     (12)             (21)                  (7)            (77)               (83)
Adjustments:
Sagard
  Non-controlling interests                                                                  (6)              −                   (3)              (9)              (12)
  Loss from private wealth platform and other
   asset management activities                                                               1                2                   1                6                  9
  Net carried interest                                                                       1                1                   6                6                62
  Share-based compensation                                                                   1                −                   1                7                  5
  Amortization of intangibles                                                                1                −                   1                2                  2
  Acquisition related costs [1]                                                              (8)              1                   (1)              (2)               −
  Income taxes and other                                                                     2                −                   −                6                 (2)
Power Sustainable
  Loss (earnings) from development and
   asset management activities provided by
   Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP                                                 10                4                   4               19                  5
  Net performance fees and carried interest                                                  (9)              3                 (19)              (12)              (30)
  Income taxes and other                                                                     2                (1)                 −                1                 (1)
                                                                                             (5)             10                 (10)              24                38
Fee-related earnings (loss) – Non-IFRS financial measure                                   (17)             (11)                (17)             (53)               (45)

Sagard                                                                                       (4)              (2)                 (5)              (9)               (4)
Power Sustainable                                                                          (13)               (9)               (12)              (44)              (41)
[1] Includes transaction costs and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A  97
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OTHER MEASURES

                                       This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:
                                       Term                               Definition




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Assets under management and        Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
                                        administration                    Group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                                                          managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                                                          consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                                                          administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:


PART A
                                         Assets under management          AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
                                          and advisement (AUM&A)          and Mackenzie Investments and excludes the AUM and AUA of IPC, which has been disclosed by IGM
                                          of IGM                          as discontinued operations. In IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
                                                                          Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                                                          and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                                                          institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                                                          responsibilities.
                                                                          Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                                                          of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.

                                         Assets under management          AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
                                          and advisement including        strategic investments, based on IGM’s direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments. The
                                          Strategic Investments           strategic investments included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth
                                          (AUM&A including SI) of IGM     management, and include interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                                                          Rockefeller client assets include assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for
                                                                          investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
                                         Assets under management of       Assets under management of investment platforms include:
                                          alternative asset investment       Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
                                          platforms
                                                                                commitments and permanent leverage;
                                                                             Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                                                             Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                                                                within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.

                                        Assets under administration of    Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
                                         Wealthsimple                     client assets in which investment management services are provided.

                                       Book value per                     Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
                                        participating share               participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

                                       Carried interest                   Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                                                          the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                                                          predetermined hurdle return.

                                       Fee-bearing capital                Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                                                             Total capital commitments of venture capital & growth, private equity, and royalties funds during
                                                                                the investment period;
                                                                             Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                                                                separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                                                             Net asset value of Power Sustainable China, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including
                                                                                direct investments in energy assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                                                             Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                                                                within the real estate platform.

                                       Market capitalization              Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                                                          in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.




                                              A  98                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Term                               Definition

Net asset value                    On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
 reported by GBL                   assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its
                                   gross cash and treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                      GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,




                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          investments in private entities are measured using the recommendations of the International
                                          Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines, and recent investments are valued at
                                          their acquisition cost, which represents GBL management’s best estimate.
                                      GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                          provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.

                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
                                      Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the acquisition cost of the management
                                          companies, less, where applicable, impairments.
                                   For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                   (www.gbl.com).

Net asset value of                 Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
 investment funds                  net of any liabilities.

Net carried interest               Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                   the vesting period.

Unfunded commitments               Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                   some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions, which are recallable by the fund.

Weighted average                   Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
management fee rate                asset classes during the period.
                                   Management fees earned during the period divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds, co-
                                   investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees include
                                   retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                   fundraising closes.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                       A  99
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ABBREVIATIONS

                                       The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:
                                       adidas                       adidas AG                                          OSFI                                    Office of the Superintendent of




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Adjusted net earnings        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                             Financial Institutions
                                       Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                 PanAgora                                PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.
                                       Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms             Pargesa                                 Pargesa SA
                                         investment platforms or                                                       Parjointco                              Parjointco SA
                                         Investment platforms                                                          Parques Reunidos                        Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.
                                       Bellus                       Bellus Health Inc.                                 Peak                                    Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.


PART A
                                       Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                  Pernod Ricard                           Pernod Ricard SA
                                       Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                               Personal Capital                        Personal Capital Corporation
                                       ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                   Pillar Two                              Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules
                                       Diagram                      Diagram Corporation                                                                          published by the OECD
                                       Diagram ClimateTech          Diagram ClimateTech Fund LP                        Portage Capital Solutions               Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP
                                       Diagram Opportunity          Diagram Opportunity Fund I LP                      Portage Ventures I                      Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
                                       Diagram Ventures I           Diagram Ventures LP                                Portage Ventures II                     Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                       Diagram Ventures II          Diagram Ventures II LP                             Portage Ventures III                    Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
                                       Diagram Ventures III         Diagram Ventures III LP                            Potentia or Potentia Renewables         Potentia Renewables Inc.
                                       EBITDA                       Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation      Power Financial                         Power Financial Corporation
                                                                      and amortization                                 Power Sustainable                       Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                       EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                  Power Sustainable China                 Power Sustainable Investment Management Inc.
                                       Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America       Power Sustainable Energy                Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       EPA                          Euronext Paris                                     Power Sustainable                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure
                                       EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                               Infrastructure Credit                   Credit Manager, L.P.
                                       Franklin Templeton           Franklin Resources, Inc.                           Power Sustainable Lios                  Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
                                       GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                           Power Sustainable Manager               Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
                                       GEA                          GEA Group AG                                       Prudential                              Prudential Financial, Inc.
                                       Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                      PSEIP                                   Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Holcim                       Holcim Ltd.                                                                                  Infrastructure Partnership
                                       IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards        Putnam                                  Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
                                       IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                 Rockefeller                             Rockefeller Capital Management
                                       IG Wealth Management         Investors Group Inc.                               Sagard                                  Sagard Holdings Inc.
                                       Imerys                       Imerys SA                                          Sagard Credit Partners I                Sagard Credit Partners, LP
                                       Investment Planning          Investment Planning Counsel Inc.                   Sagard Credit Partners II               Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
                                          Counsel or IPC                                                               Sagard Healthcare Partners              Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
                                       Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                           Sagard Holdings Management              Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
                                       Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                               or SHMI
                                       Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                          Sagard MidCap                           Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
                                       LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                                                                    Sagard MidCap 4
                                       Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                    Sagard Senior Lending Partners          Sagard Senior Lending Partners
                                          Mackenzie Investments                                                          or SSLP                                 Holdings (I and II) LP, and
                                       MassMutual                   Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company                                                  Sagard Senior Lending Partners
                                       MOWI                         Mowi ASA                                                                                     Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
                                       Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                         Sanoptis                                Sanoptis AG
                                       NCIB                         Normal Course Issuer Bid                           SGS                                     SGS SA
                                       NCREIF                       National Council of Real Estate                    SIX                                     Swiss Stock Exchange
                                                                     Investment Fiduciaries                            SPEC                                    Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
                                       Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                       TSX                                     Toronto Stock Exchange
                                       NYSE                         New York Stock Exchange                            Umicore                                 Umicore, NV/SA
                                       OECD                         Organization for Economic Co-operation             USPF                                    GWL U.S. Property Fund L.P.
                                                                     and Development                                   Wealthsimple                            Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                                       Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                     Webhelp                                 Webhelp Group
                                       OSE                          Oslo Stock Exchange                                XETR                                    XETRA Stock Exchange




                                               A  100                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                             IFRS 17 / IFRS 9 [1]   IFRS 4 / IAS 39 [1]
                                                                                                                                      2023                2022                  2021
For the years ended December 31                                                                                                                       (restated)




                                                                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Total revenues [2]                                                                                                                 46,428                 5,534               69,561
Consolidated assets and assets under management [in billions] [3]                                                                    1,321                1,213                1,237
Consolidated assets and assets under administration [in billions] [3]                                                                3,108                2,718                2,549
Net earnings (attributable to participating shareholders)                                                                            2,195                2,195                2,917
 per share – basic

                                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
                                                                                                                                      3.32                 3.27                  4.31
 per share – diluted                                                                                                                  3.30                 3.22                  4.27
Net earnings from continuing operations (attributable to participating shareholders) [3]                                             2,282                2,216                2,917
  per share – basic                                                                                                                   3.45                 3.30                  4.31
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (attributable to participating shareholders) [3]                                    2,959                2,004                3,230
 per share – basic                                                                                                                    4.47                 2.99                  4.77
Consolidated assets                                                                                                               749,478             704,401               661,633
Consolidated liabilities                                                                                                          708,213             663,822               617,905
  Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                                                            647                  647                   647
 Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                14,625               14,727                12,533
Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                               22,143               21,876                24,339
Book value per participating share                                                                                                   32.49                31.37                34.56
Adjusted net asset value per share [3]                                                                                               53.53                41.91                52.60
Number of participating shares outstanding [millions]
 Participating preferred shares                                                                                                       54.9                 54.9                  54.9
  Subordinate voting shares                                                                                                          597.4                612.2                621.8
Dividends per share [declared]
 Participating shares                                                                                                                2.100              1.9800                1.8375
  First preferred shares of Power Corporation
    1986 Series                                                                                                                          −                     −              0.8576
    Series A                                                                                                                       1.4000               1.4000                1.4000
    Series B                                                                                                                       1.3375               1.3375                1.3375
    Series C                                                                                                                       1.4500               1.4500                1.4500
    Series D                                                                                                                       1.2500               1.2500                1.2500
    Series G                                                                                                                       1.4000               1.4000                1.4000
  First preferred shares of Power Financial
    Series A [4]                                                                                                                   1.2145               0.7223                0.4288
    Series D                                                                                                                       1.3750               1.3750                1.3750
    Series E                                                                                                                       1.3125               1.3125                1.3125
    Series F                                                                                                                       1.4750               1.4750                1.4750
    Series H                                                                                                                       1.4375               1.4375                1.4375
    Series I                                                                                                                             −                     −              1.2154
    Series K                                                                                                                       1.2375               1.2375                1.2375
    Series L                                                                                                                       1.2750               1.2750                1.2750
    Series O                                                                                                                       1.4500               1.4500                1.4500
    Series P [5]                                                                                                                   0.4995               0.4995                0.4995
    Series Q [6]                                                                                                                   1.5750               0.8221                0.4312
    Series R                                                                                                                       1.3750               1.3750                1.3750
    Series S                                                                                                                       1.2000               1.2000                1.2000
    Series T [7]                                                                                                                   1.0538               1.0538                1.0538
    Series V                                                                                                                       1.2875               1.2875                1.2875
    Series 23                                                                                                                      1.1250               1.1250                0.3329
[1] The 2021 annual results have not been restated to reflect the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, as well as to reflect the net earnings (losses) of Putnam as discontinued
    operations, and are therefore not comparable to the results in subsequent periods.
[2] Total revenues includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
[3] Consolidated assets and assets under management, consolidated assets and assets under administration, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and adjusted
    net asset value per share are non-IFRS financial measures. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
[4] The Series A First Preferred Shares are entitled to a quarterly cumulative dividend at a floating rate equal to one quarter of 70% of the average prime rate quoted by two
    major Canadian chartered banks.
[5] On January 31, 2021, the Series P First Preferred Shares were subject to a dividend rate reset for the five-year period from and including January 31, 2021. The dividend
    rate was reset to 1.998% or $0.124875 per share in cash dividends payable quarterly.
[6] The Series Q First Preferred Shares are entitled to an annual non-cumulative dividend, payable quarterly at a floating rate equal to the 3-month Government of Canada
    Treasury Bill rate plus 1.60%.
[7] On January 31, 2024, the Series T First Preferred Shares were subject to a dividend rate reset for the five-year period from and including January 31, 2024. The dividend
    rate was reset to 5.595% or $0.349688 per share in cash dividends payable quarterly.



                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              A  101
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS

                                                                                                                                               2023                                                             2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                            (restated)




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                  Q4              Q3             Q2              Q1                  Q4               Q3          Q2             Q1

                                       Total revenues [1]                                     21,373           4,656          7,173         13,226              11,327              1,655     (4,590)        (2,858)
                                       Net earnings [2]                                          406            975             501             313                  89              643         601            862
                                         per share – basic                                       0.63           1.47           0.75            0.47                0.14              0.96       0.89            1.28


PART A
                                         per share – diluted                                     0.61           1.47           0.75            0.47                0.13              0.96       0.86            1.27
                                       Earnings from continuing operations
                                       Net earnings from continuing
                                        operations [2]                                           409            997             550             326                 106              642         606            862
                                         per share – basic                                       0.63           1.50           0.82            0.49                0.16              0.96       0.90            1.28
                                        per share – diluted                                      0.61           1.50           0.82            0.49                0.15              0.96       0.87            1.27
                                       Adjusted net earnings from
                                        continuing operations [2][3]                             579           1,007            847             526                 395              520         647            442
                                         per share – basic [3]                                   0.89           1.52           1.27            0.79                0.59              0.78       0.97            0.65
                                       Adjustments [3][4]                                        (170)           (10)          (297)           (200)               (289)             122         (41)           420
                                         per share – basic [3]                                  (0.26)         (0.02)         (0.45)          (0.30)              (0.43)             0.18      (0.07)           0.63
                                       [1] Total revenues includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of
                                           earnings. Comparative amounts have been restated to reflect Putnam as discontinued operations. Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 was $21,373 million and
                                           comprises: insurance revenue of $5,174 million ($5,442 million in the fourth quarter of 2022); net investment income of $2,500 million ($2,151 million in the fourth quarter
                                           of 2022); a positive change in fair value through profit or loss on investments of $11,098 million ($1,356 million in the fourth quarter of 2022); and fee and other income
                                           of $2,601 million ($2,378 million in the fourth quarter of 2022).
                                       [2] Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       [3] Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share, and
                                           adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial measures. In the second quarter of 2023, the results of Putnam have been presented as discontinued
                                           operations; the comparative results have been restated to exclude net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations related to Putnam. For a definition of these non-IFRS
                                           financial measures, please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
                                       [4] The Corporation’s share of Lifeco, IGM and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s Adjustments, including the effect of consolidation, and Adjustments of the Corporation,
                                           including in relation to its investment in ChinaAMC, are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                2023                                                            2022
                                                                                                                                                                                                            (restated)
                                                                                                  Q4              Q3             Q2               Q1                  Q4               Q3         Q2              Q1

                                           Lifeco
                                             Pre-tax                                             (380)           (12)          (299)            (183)               (347)             155         (30)          524
                                             Tax effect                                          224                2            57               39                  70              (38)        (18)          (109)
                                                                                                 (156)           (10)          (242)            (144)               (277)             117         (48)          415
                                           IGM
                                             Pre-tax                                              (19)             −             (73)              (9)               (14)               6           9             19
                                             Tax effect                                             5              −             18                 7                   2               (1)        (2)             (4)
                                                                                                  (14)             −             (55)              (2)               (12)               5           7             15
                                           Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                             Pre-tax                                                −              −               −               −                    −               −          −             (13)
                                             Tax effect                                             −              −               −               −                    −               −          −               3
                                                                                                    −              −               −               −                    −               −          −             (10)
                                           ChinaAMC
                                             Pre-tax                                                −              −               −             (14)                   −               −          −               −
                                             Tax effect                                             −              −               −             (40)                   −               −          −               −
                                                                                                    −              −               −             (54)                   −               −          −               −
                                                                                                 (170)           (10)          (297)            (200)               (289)             122         (41)          420




                                              A  102                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                                                                    December 31,   December 31,        January 1,




                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                          2023             2022             2022
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                      (restated)       (restated)

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents [Note 5]                                                        9,937           9,848           9,509
Investments [Note 6]

                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
  Bonds                                                                                157,336         156,460         143,030
  Mortgage and other loans                                                              43,568          42,324          34,771
  Shares                                                                                16,588          15,417          15,360
  Investment properties                                                                   7,870           8,344           7,763
                                                                                       225,362         222,545         200,924
Insurance contract assets [Note 11]                                                       1,193           1,140           1,533
Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 12]                                              17,332          17,571          21,843
Assets held for sale [Note 4]                                                             4,467                –                –
Derivative financial instruments [Note 29]                                                2,349           2,480           1,049
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 7]                    8,152           6,516           7,424
Owner-occupied properties and capital assets [Note 8]                                     5,082           4,409           3,686
Other assets [Note 9]                                                                   29,434          27,572          22,612
Deferred tax assets [Note 19]                                                             1,894           1,505           1,399
Intangible assets [Note 10]                                                               6,690           8,316           7,607
Goodwill [Note 10]                                                                      14,630          14,617          12,994
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 14]                      422,956         387,882         357,419
Total assets                                                                           749,478         704,401         647,999

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities [Note 11]                                               144,388         135,438         157,910
Investment contract liabilities [Note 13]                                               88,919          94,810          53,694
Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 12]                                            648              537           1,290
Liabilities held for sale [Note 4]                                                        2,407                –                –
Obligations to securitization entities [Note 15]                                          4,688           4,610           5,058
Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments [Note 16]                        647              647              647
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 17]                            14,625          14,727          12,533
Derivative financial instruments [Note 29]                                                1,351           1,717           1,063
Other liabilities [Note 18]                                                             26,368          22,168          16,884
Deferred tax liabilities [Note 19]                                                        1,216           1,286           1,181
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 14]               60,302          57,841          65,253
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 14]             362,654         330,041         292,166
Total liabilities                                                                      708,213         663,822         607,679

Equity
Share capital [Note 20]
 Non-participating shares                                                                  950              950              954
 Participating shares                                                                     9,284           9,486           9,603
Retained earnings                                                                       10,005            9,099           8,520
Reserves                                                                                  1,904           2,341           3,009
Total shareholders’ equity                                                              22,143          21,876          22,086
Non-controlling interests [Note 22]                                                     19,122          18,703          18,234
Total equity                                                                            41,265          40,579          40,320
Total liabilities and equity                                                           749,478         704,401         647,999


Approved by the Board of Directors



Signed,                                        Signed,
Siim A. Vanaselja                              R. Jeffrey Orr
Director                                       Director



                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                   A  103
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS

                                       For the years ended December 31                                                                                              2023         2022




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                                                           (restated)

                                       Insurance service result
                                       Insurance revenue [Note 25]                                                                                                20,402     19,632
                                       Insurance service expenses [Note 26]                                                                                       (15,777)   (15,272)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts

PART A
                                                                                                                                                                   (1,544)    (1,531)
                                       Total insurance service result                                                                                              3,081       2,829

                                       Net investment result [Note 6]
                                       Net investment income                                                                                                       9,195       7,613
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                6,664     (30,978)
                                                                                                                                                                  15,859     (23,365)
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                      (9,238)   18,809
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                      224      (1,251)
                                       Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                  (4,806)     8,454
                                       Net investment result                                                                                                       2,039       2,647


                                       Net investment result – Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                                                                                4,808      (4,130)
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                      (4,808)     4,130
                                       Net investment result – Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                          –            –

                                       Other revenues
                                       Fee income                                                                                                                  9,477       8,730
                                       Other                                                                                                                         690         537
                                       Total fee income and other revenues                                                                                        10,167       9,267

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses [Note 26]                                                                            11,214       9,683
                                       Financing charges [Note 27]                                                                                                   766         672
                                       Total other expenses                                                                                                       11,980     10,355
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates, and income taxes                             3,307       4,388
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 7]                          615          (34)
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                3,922       4,354
                                       Income taxes [Note 19]                                                                                                        263         646
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                     3,659       3,708
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations [Note 4]                                                                               (124)         (32)
                                       Net earnings                                                                                                                3,535       3,676


                                       Attributable to
                                        Non-controlling interests [Note 22]                                                                                        1,288       1,429
                                        Non-participating shareholders                                                                                                52           52
                                        Participating shareholders                                                                                                 2,195       2,195
                                                                                                                                                                   3,535       3,676


                                       Earnings per participating share [Note 32]
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders
                                        Basic                                                                                                                        3.45        3.30
                                        Diluted                                                                                                                      3.43        3.26
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
                                        Basic                                                                                                                        3.32        3.27
                                        Diluted                                                                                                                      3.30        3.22




                                              A  104                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the years ended December 31                                                        2023              2022




                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                    (restated)

Net earnings                                                                           3,535           3,676

Other comprehensive income (loss)
 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings


                                                                                                                                                 PART A
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
   Unrealized gains (losses)                                                            281           (1,193)
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         (97)            223
   Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                  248               71
    Income tax expense (benefit)                                                         (19)              (8)
                                                                                        413               (907)
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments
  Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                –              (255)
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           –                 29
  Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                      –               159
    Income tax expense (benefit)                                                           –                (20)
                                                                                           –               (87)
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
  Unrealized gains (losses)                                                               94                11
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                         (32)                –
  Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                    (95)                1
    Income tax expense (benefit)                                                          25                 –
                                                                                          (8)               12
 Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations
  Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                               (52)             424
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            5               2
  Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                      (4)              –
  Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments in foreign operations           (64)              88
    Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           (6)             28
                                                                                        (121)             542
 Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
  in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                      (53)             (929)
  Income tax (expense) benefit                                                             6                 3
                                                                                         (47)             (926)

 Total – items that may be reclassified                                                 237           (1,366)

 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments
   Unrealized gains (losses)                                                             (82)                 –
   Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            (2)                –
                                                                                         (84)                 –

 Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments
  in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                      (64)                5

 Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans [Note 28]                            (182)              773
  Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            41              (177)
                                                                                        (141)             596

 Total – items that will not be reclassified                                            (289)             601

Other comprehensive loss                                                                 (52)             (765)

Comprehensive income                                                                   3,483           2,911

Attributable to
 Non-controlling interests                                                             1,399           1,350
 Non-participating shareholders                                                           52              52
 Participating shareholders                                                            2,032           1,509
                                                                                       3,483           2,911



                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                A  105
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                                           Share capital                                                          Reserves




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       For the year ended                                                                                         Other
                                       December 31, 2023                           Non-                                                   comprehensive                              Non-
                                                                           participating   Participating   Retained     Share-based             income                         controlling     Total
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]          shares          shares   earnings    compensation           [Note 31]                Total     interests    equity

                                       Balance, beginning of year


PART A
                                        (restated)                                 950           9,486       9,099               378                1,963             2,341      18,703      40,579
                                        Impact of initial application of
                                          IFRS 9 [Note 3]                             –               –        282                   –               (297)             (297)           (9)      (24)
                                       Restated balance,
                                        beginning of year                          950           9,486       9,381               378                1,666             2,044      18,694      40,555
                                       Net earnings                                   –               –      2,247                   –                   –                –        1,288      3,535
                                       Other comprehensive income (loss)              –               –           –                  –               (163)             (163)         111        (52)
                                       Comprehensive income                           –               –      2,247                   –               (163)             (163)       1,399      3,483

                                       Subordinate voting shares
                                         purchased and cancelled
                                         under Normal Course Issuer Bid
                                         [Note 20]                                    –           (244)       (339)                  –                   –                –             –      (583)
                                       Dividends to shareholders
                                         Non-participating shares                     –               –        (52)                  –                   –                –             –       (52)
                                         Participating shares                         –               –     (1,387)                  –                   –                –             –    (1,387)
                                       Dividends to non-controlling
                                         interests                                    –               –           –                  –                   –                –       (1,019)    (1,019)
                                       Expense for share-based
                                         compensation [Note 21]                       –               –           –                66                    –               66           34       100
                                       Stock options exercised                        –             42            –               (43)                   –              (43)          39         38
                                       Realized gains on FVOCI equity
                                         instruments transferred to
                                         retained earnings                            –               –         21                   –                 (21)             (21)            –         –
                                       Effects of changes in
                                         capital and ownership of
                                         subsidiaries, and other                      –               –        134                  7                  14                21           (25)     130
                                       Balance, end of year                        950           9,284     10,005                408                1,496             1,904      19,122      41,265




                                              A  106                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (continued)


                                                           Share capital                                                     Reserves




                                                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
For the year ended                                                                                                   Other
December 31, 2022                                 Non-                                                       comprehensive                    Non-
                                          participating     Participating      Retained        Share-based         income               controlling             Total
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                shares            shares      earnings       compensation       [Note 31]      Total     interests            equity

Balance, beginning of year                         954            9,603         10,807                396           2,579      2,975      19,389           43,728


                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
 Impact of initial application of
   IFRS 17 [Note 3]                                    –                –           (3,348)              –               –          –      (2,004)         (5,352)
 Impact of application of IFRS 9
   overlay [Note 3]                                    –                –           1,061                –             34         34          849              1,944
Restated balance,
 beginning of year                                 954            9,603             8,520             396           2,613      3,009      18,234           40,320
Net earnings                                           –                –           2,247                –               –          –       1,429              3,676
Other comprehensive loss                               –                –                –               –           (686)      (686)          (79)             (765)
Comprehensive income                                   –                –           2,247                –           (686)      (686)       1,350              2,911

Subordinate voting shares
  purchased and cancelled
  under Normal Course Issuer Bid
  [Note 20]                                            –           (169)             (246)               –               –          –            –              (415)
Repurchase of shares of the
  Corporation for cancellation                       (4)                –                –               –               –          –            –                (4)
Dividends to shareholders
  Non-participating shares                             –                –              (52)              –               –          –            –               (52)
  Participating shares                                 –                –           (1,326)              –               –          –            –         (1,326)
Dividends to non-controlling
  interests                                            –                –                –               –               –          –        (984)              (984)
Expense for share-based
  compensation [Note 21]                               –                –                –             68                –        68           39               107
Stock options exercised                                –              52                 –            (49)               –       (49)          44                 47
Reclassification of options as cash-
  settled share-based
  payments [Note 21]                                   –                –              (54)           (39)               –       (39)            –               (93)
Effects of changes in
  capital and ownership of
  subsidiaries, and other                              –                –              10               2              36         38           20                 68
Balance, end of year                               950            9,486             9,099             378           1,963      2,341      18,703           40,579




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     A  107
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                       For the years ended December 31                                                                                                                        2023                    2022




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                                                         (restated)

                                       Operating activities
                                       Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                                              3,768                  4,329
                                       Income tax paid, net of refunds                                                                                                                        (720)                  (711)
                                       Adjusting items

PART A
                                         Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                            9,316                (25,355)
                                         Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                          (4,561)                 (8,124)
                                         Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                       170                  (1,232)
                                         Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                              5                   5,614
                                         Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                                  (480)                  1,168
                                         Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                       (6,664)                30,978
                                         Lifeco’s insurance and investment contract-related activities [1]
                                           Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                                                  38,495                 34,422
                                           Purchases of investments                                                                                                                        (35,176)               (37,499)
                                         Other                                                                                                                                               1,780                    664
                                                                                                                                                                                             5,933                  4,254

                                       Financing activities
                                       Dividends paid
                                         By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                                                                       (1,019)                   (983)
                                         Non-participating shares                                                                                                                               (52)                    (52)
                                         Participating shares                                                                                                                               (1,374)                 (1,331)
                                                                                                                                                                                            (2,445)                 (2,366)
                                       Issue of equity
                                         Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 20]                                                                                                      38                     47
                                         Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                           446                    161
                                       Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                         434                    534
                                       Repurchase or redemption of equity
                                         Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under normal course issuer bid [Note 20]                                                    (583)                   (415)
                                         Corporation’s non-participating shares                                                                                                                   –                       (4)
                                         Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                          (234)                   (116)
                                       Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                      (137)                     (18)
                                       Acquisition of non-controlling interests [Note 22]                                                                                                       (50)                       –
                                       Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments [Note 17]
                                         Issuance of debentures and senior bonds                                                                                                               300                     691
                                         Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                                  2,170                   1,722
                                         Repayment of senior bonds                                                                                                                            (735)                      –
                                         Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                                 (1,888)                   (630)
                                       Repayment of lease liabilities [Note 18]                                                                                                                 (92)                  (109)
                                       Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                    1,256                   1,171
                                       Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                                       (1,283)                 (1,616)
                                                                                                                                                                                            (2,803)                   (948)

                                       Investing activities
                                       Sales maturities and repayment of investments [1]                                                                                                     3,374                   4,161
                                       Purchases of investments [1]                                                                                                                         (3,362)                 (4,100)
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                                                        (1,209)                   (265)
                                       Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                       (253)                 (2,242)
                                       Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                                  (1,171)                   (804)
                                                                                                                                                                                            (2,621)                 (3,250)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         (45)                   283
                                       Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                   464                     339
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                          9,848                   9,509
                                       Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, end of year                                                                  10,312                    9,848
                                       Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of year [Note 4]                                                                     (375)                      –
                                       Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of year                                                                                     9,937                   9,848

                                       Net cash from operating activities includes
                                       Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                       8,301                  6,511
                                       Interest paid                                                                                                                                           965                    734
                                       [1] The cash flows related to the sales, maturities repayments and purchases of investments primarily associated with the insurance and investment contract activities at Lifeco have
                                           been reclassified to Operating activities to better represent the operating cash flows of the Corporation. These activities had previously been presented in Investing activities.



                                              A  108                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)




                                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Note 1      Corporate Information                                        110          Note 18       Other Liabilities                                              186
Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                             Note 19       Income Taxes                                                   187
            Accounting Policies                                          110          Note 20       Share Capital                                                  190
Note 3      Adoption of IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts and

                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
                                                                                      Note 21       Share-Based Compensation                                       192
            IFRS 9, Financial Instruments                                138
                                                                                      Note 22       Non-Controlling Interests                                      195
Note 4      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions                 146
                                                                                      Note 23       Capital Management                                             197
Note 5      Cash and Cash Equivalents                                    148
                                                                                      Note 24       Risk Management                                                199
Note 6      Investments                                                  149
                                                                                      Note 25       Insurance Revenue                                              214
Note 7      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations
            and Associates                                               152          Note 26       Insurance Service and Operating and
                                                                                                    Administrative Expenses                                        215
Note 8      Owner-Occupied Properties and Capital Assets                 154
                                                                                      Note 27       Financing Charges                                              215
Note 9      Other Assets                                                 155
                                                                                      Note 28       Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits               216
Note 10     Goodwill and Intangible Assets                               156
                                                                                      Note 29       Derivative Financial Instruments                               222
Note 11     Insurance Contracts                                          159
                                                                                      Note 30       Fair Value Measurement                                         229
Note 12     Reinsurance Contracts Held                                   171
                                                                                      Note 31       Other Comprehensive Income                                     234
Note 13     Investment Contract Liabilities                              175
                                                                                      Note 32       Earnings Per Share                                             235
Note 14     Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities               176
                                                                                      Note 33       Related Parties                                                236
Note 15     Obligations to Securitization Entities                       180
                                                                                      Note 34       Contingent Liabilities                                         237
Note 16     Power Corporation’s Debentures and
            Other Debt Instruments                                       180          Note 35       Commitments and Guarantees                                     238

Note 17     Non-Recourse Debentures and                                               Note 36       Segmented Information                                          239
            Other Debt Instruments                                       181


The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

Canada Life                     The Canada Life Assurance Company                        Pargesa                        Pargesa SA
ChinaAMC                        China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                         Parjointco                     Parjointco SA
CSM                             Contractual service margin                               Portage Ventures I             Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
Empower                         Empower Annuity Insurance Company                        Portage Ventures II            Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                 of America
                                                                                         Portage Ventures III           Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
FVOCI                           Fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                         Potentia                       Potentia Renewables Inc.
FVPL                            Fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                         Power Corporation or           Power Corporation of Canada
GBL                             Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                  the Corporation
IFRS                            International Financial Reporting Standards              Power Financial                Power Financial Corporation
IGM or IGM Financial            IGM Financial Inc.                                       Power Sustainable              Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
IG Wealth Management            Investors Group Inc.                                     Power Sustainable Energy       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                                                                          Infrastructure                  Partnership
Lifeco                          Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                                                         Prudential                     Prudential Financial, Inc.
Lion                            The Lion Electric Co.
                                                                                         Putnam                         Putnam Investments, LLC
LMPG                            LMPG Inc.
                                                                                         Rockefeller                    Rockefeller Capital Management
Mackenzie or                    Mackenzie Financial Corporation
 Mackenzie Investments                                                                   Sagard                         Sagard Holdings Inc.
MassMutual                      Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company              TSX                            Toronto Stock Exchange
Northleaf                       Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                             Wealthsimple                   Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
OSFI                            Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                 Institutions




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A  109
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 1        CORPORATE INFORMATION

                                       Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.


PART A
                                       The Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and for the year ended
                                       December 31, 2023 were approved by its Board of Directors on March 20, 2024.




                                       NOTE 2        BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                                       BA SIS OF P RESENTATION
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation as at December 31, 2023 have been prepared in accordance with International
                                       Financial Reporting Standards.
                                       The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
                                       elimination of intercompany transactions and balances, and consolidation adjustments.
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
                                       issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Lifeco and IGM Financial, which are both public companies. The
                                       amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements of
                                       earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
                                       statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
                                       cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial, all
                                       as at and for the year ended December 31, 2023. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial statements are derived from
                                       the notes to the financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial.

                                       SUBSIDIARIES
                                       Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
                                       over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
                                       returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
                                       being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
                                       The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
                                       or more of the elements of control.

                                       JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                       Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
                                       Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
                                       policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
                                       for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
                                       comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
                                       In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
                                       capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates at FVPL.




                                            A  110                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




                                                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                     % equity interest
                                                                                                                                               December 31,     December 31,


                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
Corporation                                          Classification       Incorporated in    Primary business operation                              2023             2022
Holding company
Power Corporation of Canada                          Parent               Canada             Holding company
Power Financial Corporation                          Subsidiary           Canada             Holding company                                         100.0               100.0
Publicly traded companies
Great-West Lifeco Inc. [1][2]                        Subsidiary           Canada             Financial services holding company                       70.5                70.6
 The Canada Life Assurance Company                   Subsidiary           Canada             Insurance and wealth management                         100.0               100.0
 Irish Life Group Limited                            Subsidiary           Ireland            Insurance and wealth management                         100.0               100.0
 Empower Annuity Insurance                           Subsidiary           United States      Financial services                                      100.0               100.0
    Company of America
  Putnam Investments, LLC [3]                        Subsidiary           United States      Asset management company                                 95.6                96.4
IGM Financial Inc. [4]                               Subsidiary           Canada             Wealth and asset management                              66.0                66.1
  IG Wealth Management                               Subsidiary           Canada             Financial services                                      100.0               100.0
  Mackenzie Financial Corporation                    Subsidiary           Canada             Asset management company                                100.0               100.0
    China Asset Management Co., Ltd. [2]             Associate            China              Asset management company                                 27.8                27.8
    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. [5]                 Associate            Canada             Alternative asset manager                                70.0                70.0
  Rockefeller Capital Management                     Associate            United States      Financial services                                        20.5                  –
Parjointco SA                                        Joint control        Belgium            Holding company                                           50.0               50.0
    Groupe Bruxelles Lambert [6]                     Subsidiary           Belgium            Holding company                                           31.0               29.8
Alternative asset investment platforms
  and other
Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                       Subsidiary           Canada             Holding company                                         100.0               100.0
  Power Sustainable Manager Inc.                     Subsidiary           Canada             Alternative asset manager                               100.0               100.0
  Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure            Subsidiary           Canada             Renewable energy fund                                    52.9                54.3
    Partnership [7]
  Potentia Renewables Inc.                           Subsidiary           Canada             Renewable energy                                        100.0               100.0
  Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                         Subsidiary           United States      Renewable energy                                        100.0               100.0
Sagard Holdings Inc.                                 Subsidiary           Canada             Holding company                                         100.0               100.0
  Sagard Holdings Management Inc. [8]                Subsidiary           Canada             Alternative asset manager                                66.4                87.8
  Wealthsimple Financial Corp. [9]                   Subsidiary           Canada             Financial services                                       56.6                54.3
  Portag3 Ventures LP [10]                           Subsidiary           Canada             Venture capital fund                                    100.0               100.0
  Portag3 Ventures II LP [11]                        Subsidiary           Canada             Venture capital fund                                     27.9                27.9
  Portage Ventures III LP [12]                       Subsidiary           Canada             Venture capital fund                                     15.4                15.4
Standalone Businesses
  LMPG Inc.                                          Subsidiary           Canada             Lighting solutions                                        49.6               49.6
  Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                    Joint control        Canada             Manufacturer of sports equipment                          42.6               42.6
                                                                                                and apparel
  The Lion Electric Co.                              Associate            Canada             Manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles                    34.1               35.4
[1] Power Financial holds a 68.1% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.4% equity interest in Lifeco (66.6% and 4.0%, respectively, at December 31, 2022).
[2] On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a transaction under which the interest in ChinaAMC was combined under IGM Financial (13.9% held
    respectively by Power Corporation and Mackenzie Investments at December 31, 2022). In a separate agreement, IGM sold approximately 15.2 million common shares
    of Lifeco, representing a 1.6% equity interest in Lifeco, to Power Financial.
[3] Lifeco holds 100% of the voting shares and 95.6% of the total outstanding shares (96.4% at December 31, 2022). On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of its
    interest in Putnam US Holdings I, LLC, a subsidiary of Putnam Investments, LLC (Note 4).
[4] Power Financial holds a 62.1% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 3.9% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.2% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2022).
[5] Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Lifeco.
[6] Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds a 45.3% voting interest (44.0% at December 31, 2022).
[7] Power Corporation holds a 38.2% equity interest and Lifeco holds a 14.7% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (39.4% and 14.9%,
    respectively, at December 31, 2022).
[8] Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 53.5% and 12.9%, respectively, in Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (80.9% and 6.9%, respectively, at
    December 31, 2022) (Note 4).
[9] Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 14.4%, 10.9% and 31.3%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (13.5%, 10.8% and 30.0%,
    respectively, at December 31, 2022).
[10] Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
[11] Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
[12] Sagard, Lifeco and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        A  111
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       CHA NGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries adopted IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9),
                                       which replaced IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 4) and IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement (IAS 39),
                                       respectively, on their effective date of January 1, 2023. The Corporation has also applied IFRS 9 as at January 1, 2023 when
                                       applying the equity method of accounting to GBL’s results.


PART A
                                       IFRS 17, which impacted only Lifeco due to its insurance activities, establishes principles for the recognition, measurement,
                                       presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. Under IFRS 17, groups of contracts are measured by Lifeco as the estimate
                                       of the present value of fulfillment cash flows, adjusted for an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk and the contractual
                                       service margin (CSM).
                                       IFRS 9 includes changes to the accounting of financial instruments for the following:
                                       i) classification and measurement of financial instruments based on a business model approach for managing financial assets
                                          and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset;
                                       ii) impairment based on an expected loss model; and
                                       iii) hedge accounting that incorporates the risk management practices of an entity.
                                       As permitted under IFRS 9, the Corporation and its subsidiaries elected to continue to apply the hedge accounting principles
                                       under IAS 39 instead of those under IFRS 9.
                                       The accounting policies materially impacted by the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 are described in the section Material
                                       Accounting Policies below and include investments, derivative financial instruments, and insurance contracts, investment
                                       contracts and reinsurance contracts held. The impact resulting from the adoption of these standards is disclosed in Note 3.
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, IAS 8, Accounting Policies,
                                       Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors and IAS 12, Income Taxes effective January 1, 2023. The adoption of these
                                       amendments did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12, Income Taxes effective May 23, 2023, and has applied the
                                       mandatory exception whereby it is not recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related
                                       to income taxes arising from tax law to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organization for Economic Co-
                                       operation and Development (OECD).




                                            A  112                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


USE OF SIGNIFICA NT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS




                                                                                                                                                           POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant
judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and the management of its subsidiaries are listed below


                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A
and are discussed throughout the notes in these financial statements, including:
Item or balance          Applied by                Key judgments or estimates                                                             Corresponding
affected by judgments                                                                                                                            note(s)
or estimates

Evaluation               Management of             Determining if the Corporation has the ability to direct the relevant activities of               2
of control               the Corporation           the subsidiaries, including investment funds or other structured entities, in order
                         and of its                to derive variable returns. Judgment is exercised in evaluating the variable
                         subsidiaries              returns and in determining the extent to which the Corporation has the ability to
                                                   exercise power to affect variable returns.
                                                   Determining whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent when the
                                                   Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund.
                                                   The Corporation determines that it is a principal when it has sufficient capital
                                                   invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the
                                                   decisions of the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager. Judgment is
                                                   applied in determining the sufficiency of the variability of returns and overall
                                                   aggregate economic interest. In making these judgments, the Corporation
                                                   considers the rights held by other investors, including their ability to remove the
                                                   fund manager.

Fair value of assets     Management of             Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a                        4
acquired and             the Corporation           business combination requires judgment.
liabilities assumed      and of its
                         subsidiaries

Assets and liabilities   Management of             Judgment is required in determining the assets and liabilities to be included in a                4
held for sale            Lifeco                    disposal group. Estimation is required in the determination of the fair value for
                                                   disposal groups, including contingent consideration and costs to sell.

Evaluation of            Management of             Determining if the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s               2, 7
significant influence    the Corporation           operating and financing policies, or if unanimous consent is required for
and joint control        and of its                decisions relating to relevant activities.
                         subsidiaries

Classification of     Management of                Determining whether arrangements should be accounted for as insurance,                            2
insurance and         Lifeco                       investment or service contracts.
reinsurance contracts

Valuation of insurance Management of               Determining the actuarial assumptions, including mortality, longevity, morbidity,           11, 13
and certain            Lifeco                      expense and policyholder behaviour.
investment contract
liabilities

Coverage units           Management of             Determining the coverage units, which are based on an estimate of the quantity                  n/a
                         Lifeco                    of coverage provided by the contracts in a group, considering the quantity of
                                                   benefits provided and the expected coverage duration.




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      A  113
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       Item or balance           Applied by        Key judgments or estimates                                                              Corresponding




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       affected by judgments                                                                                                                      note(s)
                                       or estimates

                                       Amounts payable to        Management of     All terms of contracts issued are considered to determine whether there are                      n/a
                                       a policyholder            Lifeco            amounts payable to the policyholder in all circumstances, regardless of contract
                                                                                   cancellation, maturity, and the occurrence or non-occurrence of an insured
                                                                                   event. Some amounts, once paid by the policyholder, are repayable to the

PART A
                                                                                   policyholder in all circumstances. Such payments are considered to meet the
                                                                                   definition of an investment component, irrespective of whether the amount
                                                                                   repayable varies over the term of the contract, as the amount is repayable only
                                                                                   after it has first been paid by the policyholder.

                                       Discount rates to         Management of     Determining the discount rates to apply to most insurance contract liability cash                 11
                                       apply to insurance        Lifeco            flows.
                                       contract liability cash
                                       flows                                       Lifeco generally uses the top-down approach for cash flows of non-participating
                                                                                   contracts that do not depend on underlying items. Applying this approach,
                                                                                   Lifeco uses the yield curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets and adjusts
                                                                                   it to exclude the effects of risks (e.g., credit risk) present in the cash flows from
                                                                                   the financial instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but not in the
                                                                                   insurance cash flows. One of the key sources of estimation uncertainty is
                                                                                   estimating the market risk premiums for credit risk of the underlying items that
                                                                                   are only relevant to assets included in the reference portfolio, but not to the non-
                                                                                   participating contracts. For some products, discount rates are set using a
                                                                                   bottom-up approach, based on risk-free rates, plus an illiquidity premium, which
                                                                                   also requires judgment.

                                       Risk adjustment for       Management of     Judgment is required in reflecting diversification and calculating the confidence             11, 12
                                       non-financial risk        Lifeco            level.

                                       Onerous contracts         Management of     Determining at what level of granularity sufficient information is available to               11, 12
                                                                 Lifeco            conclude that all contracts within a set will be in the same group.
                                                                                   The determination of whether a contract or a group of contracts is onerous is
                                                                                   based on the expectations as at the date of initial recognition and subsequently,
                                                                                   with fulfillment cash flow expectations determined on a probability-weighted
                                                                                   basis.
                                                                                   Lifeco determines the appropriate level at which reasonable and supportable
                                                                                   information is available to make this assessment.

                                       Application of the        Management of     Determining that obtaining reasonable and supportable information to apply the                     3
                                       retrospective             Lifeco            full retrospective approach was impracticable without undue cost or effort for
                                       approach in the                             contracts issued more than several years prior to the IFRS 17 effective date.
                                       transition to IFRS 17



                                       Fair value approach to Management of        Judgment is required in determining which insurance contracts to apply the fair                    3
                                       insurance contracts at Lifeco               value approach to upon transition to IFRS 17, and significant judgment is applied
                                       transition                                  in determining the critical assumptions and estimates in determining the fair
                                                                                   value for these contracts.

                                       Measurement of            Management of     Judgment is required on measurement of impairment losses under IFRS 9 across                   6, 24
                                       impairment losses         the Corporation   relevant financial assets, in particular for the estimation of the amount and timing
                                                                 and of its        of future cash flows when determining impairment losses and the assessment of
                                                                 subsidiaries      a significant increase in credit risk.



                                       Fair value of financial   Management of     Determining fair value inputs to establish the fair value of financial instruments,               30
                                       instruments               the Corporation   particularly those items categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
                                                                 and of its
                                                                 subsidiaries




                                             A  114                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


Item or balance          Applied by                Key judgments or estimates                                                          Corresponding




                                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
affected by judgments                                                                                                                         note(s)
or estimates

Fair value of            Management of             Internal valuation models are used to determine the fair value of equity-release             6, 30
equity-release           Lifeco                    mortgages. These valuations are adjusted by applying management judgments
mortgages                                          and estimates for material changes in projected asset cash flows and discount
                                                   rates.

Fair value of         Management of                Independent qualified appraisal services are used to determine the fair value of             6, 30                                 PART A
investment properties Lifeco                       investment properties, which use assumptions that include judgments and
                                                   estimates. These appraisals are adjusted by applying management’s judgments
                                                   and estimates for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures
                                                   or general market conditions.

Initial recognition and Management of              Evaluating the synergies and future benefits in business combinations for initial            4, 10
measurement of          the Corporation            recognition and measurement of goodwill and intangible assets as well as
goodwill and            and of its                 determining the recoverable amount.
intangible assets, as   subsidiaries
well as subsequent                                 The determination of the recoverable amount of the cash generating units (to
measurement                                        which goodwill and intangible assets are assigned) relies upon valuation
                                                   methodologies that require the use of estimates.

Determination of cash Management of                Determining the cash generating unit groupings as the lowest level at which the                10
generating            the Corporation              assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes.
unit groupings        and of its
                      subsidiaries

Measurement of the       Management of             Determining the actuarial assumptions used to determine the expense for the                    28
pension plans            the Corporation           current year and defined benefit obligations for pension plans and other post-
and other post-          and of its                employment benefits. In evaluating the assumptions to be used, management
employment benefit       subsidiaries              reviews the previous experience of related plan members and market
obligations                                        conditions, including interest rates and inflation rates.

Recognition and          Management of             Interpreting the relevant tax laws, regulations and legislation where the                      19
measurement of tax       the Corporation           Corporation and its subsidiaries operate to determine the tax provisions and the
provisions and tax       and of its                carrying amounts of the tax assets and liabilities.
assets and liabilities   subsidiaries

Recoverability of        Management of             Assessing the recoverability of the deferred tax asset carrying values based on                19
deferred tax asset       the Corporation           future years’ taxable income projections.
carrying values          and of its
                         subsidiaries

Recognition and      Management of                 Assessing whether a past event will result in a probable outflow of economic                   34
measurement of legal the Corporation               resources to settle the obligation.
and other provisions and of its
                     subsidiaries                  Judgment is applied in evaluating the possible outcomes and risks to determine
                                                   the best estimate of the provision at the balance sheet date.

Derecognition of         Management of             Determining whether securitized mortgages are derecognized requires                            15
securitization           IGM                       judgment with respect to the extent to which the risks and rewards of ownership
mortgages                                          are transferred.

Classification of        Management of             Determining whether Lifeco retains the primary obligation with a client in sub-               n/a
revenues and             Lifeco                    advisor arrangements. Where Lifeco retains the primary obligation to the client,
expenses in                                        revenues and expenses are recorded on a gross basis.
sub-advisor
arrangements




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    A  115
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       Item or balance         Applied by         Key judgments or estimates                                                           Corresponding




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       affected by judgments                                                                                                                  note(s)
                                       or estimates

                                       Deferred selling        Management of      Determining whether the client or the fund is the customer, as well as the                      9
                                       commissions             IGM                assessment of the recoverability of the deferred selling commissions.

                                       Deferred acquisition    Management of      Determining whether deferred acquisition costs can be recognized on the                         9

PART A
                                       costs                   Lifeco             consolidated balance sheets. Deferred acquisition costs are recognized if
                                                                                  Lifeco’s management determines the costs meet the definition of an asset, are
                                                                                  incremental and related to the issuance of the investment contract.

                                       Classification of non- Management of       Determining if non-controlling interests in funds are classified as liabilities or             18
                                       controlling interests in the Corporation   equity depends on whether an obligation exists to distribute residual net assets
                                       limited-life fund units and of its         to non-controlling interests in the form of cash or another financial asset or
                                       and redeemable fund subsidiaries           assets delivered in kind.
                                       units
                                                                                  Judgment is used to determine what the governing documents of each entity
                                                                                  require or permit in this regard.


                                       The results of the Corporation reflect management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ judgments regarding the impact
                                       of prevailing global credit, equity and foreign exchange market conditions. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ practice is
                                       to use third-party independent credit ratings where available. Judgment is required when setting credit ratings for instruments
                                       that do not have a third-party rating.

                                       MATERIA L ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                                       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                       Cash and cash equivalents include cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits and fixed income
                                       securities with an original term to maturity of three months or less. Overdraft bank balances are included in other liabilities.

                                       INVESTMENTS
                                       Investments include bonds, mortgage and other loans, shares, and investment properties.
                                       Under IFRS 9, a financial asset is measured at fair value on initial recognition and is classified and subsequently measured as
                                       fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), or amortized cost based upon
                                       the Corporation’s or its subsidiaries’ business models for managing these assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics
                                       of these assets.

                                       Equity Instruments
                                       Investments in shares are classified on initial recognition as FVPL unless an irrevocable designation is made to classify an
                                       individual instrument as FVOCI. The cumulative gains or losses related to FVOCI equity instruments are not reclassified to the
                                       statements of earnings on disposal but rather reclassified to retained earnings when the investment is sold.

                                       Debt Instruments
                                       Business models are determined at the level that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve
                                       business objectives.
                                       A financial asset is classified as FVOCI if it meets the following criteria and is not designated as FVPL:
                                       i)    it is held in a business model whose objective is to hold to collect contractual cash flows and sell financial assets; and
                                       ii)   its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on
                                             the principal amount outstanding.
                                       A financial asset is classified as amortized cost if it meets the following criteria and is not designated as FVPL:
                                       i)    it is held in a business model whose objective is to hold to collect contractual cash flows; and
                                       ii)   its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI on the principal amount outstanding.




                                             A  116                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


FVOCI investments are recognized at fair value on the balance sheets with unrealized gains and losses recorded in the




                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
statements of comprehensive income. Realized gains and losses on FVOCI debt investments are reclassified from other
comprehensive income and recorded in the statements of earnings when the investment is sold.
Any financial asset that does not qualify for measurement at amortized cost or FVOCI is classified as FVPL. For financial
instruments that meet the amortized cost or FVOCI criteria, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may designate, at initial
recognition, such financial instruments as FVPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that

                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
would otherwise arise. Investments measured as FVPL are recognized at fair value on the balance sheets with realized and
unrealized gains and losses recorded in the statements of earnings.
Investments in mortgage and other loans are initially classified with respect to the intent of the loan on origination.
Investment properties consist of real estate held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation that has an insignificant
portion that is owner-occupied or where there is no intent to occupy on a long-term basis. Properties that do not meet these
criteria are classified as owner-occupied properties. Investment properties are initially measured at cost and subsequently
carried at fair value on the balance sheets. Changes in fair value are recorded as net investment income in the statements of
earnings.

Fair Value Measurement
The Corporation and its subsidiaries maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
when measuring fair value. The following is a description of the methodologies used to value instruments carried at fair value.

BONDS AT FVPL AND FVOCI
Fair values for bonds measured as FVPL or FVOCI are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily
provided by third-party independent pricing sources. Where prices are not quoted in an active market, fair values are
determined by valuation models. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in active markets, when available,
for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure bonds at fair value in its FVPL and FVOCI portfolios.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries estimate the fair value of bonds not traded in active markets by referring to actively
traded securities with similar attributes, dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodology, discounted cash flow analyses and/or
internal valuation models. This methodology considers such factors as the issuer's industry, the security's rating, term, coupon
rate and position in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other
relevant factors. For bonds that are not traded in active markets, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity, and such
adjustments generally are based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management's best estimate
is used.

MORTGAGE AND OTHER LOANS AT FVPL AND FVOCI
There are no market-observable prices for mortgage and other loans; therefore, fair values for mortgage and other loans are
determined by discounting expected future cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs
typically include benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads based on current lending activities and market activity.

EQUITY-RELEASE MORTGAGES AT FVPL
There are no market-observable prices for equity-release mortgages; Lifeco uses an internal valuation model for discounting
expected future cash flows and includes consideration of the embedded no-negative-equity guarantee. Inputs to the model
include market-observable inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market-observable inputs include
property growth and volatility rates, expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long-term care and interest
cessation assumptions and the value of the no-negative-equity guarantee.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                          A  117
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       SHARES AT FVPL AND FVOCI




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Fair values of publicly traded shares are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where
                                       it is principally traded. Fair values of shares for which there is no active market are typically based upon alternative valuation
                                       techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movement relative to the market and utilization of
                                       information provided by the underlying investment manager. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in
                                       active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet dates to measure shares at fair value.

PART A                                 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                       Fair values of investment properties are determined using independent qualified appraisal services and include adjustments
                                       by Lifeco management for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market conditions in the
                                       interim period between appraisals. The determination of the fair value of investment properties requires the use of estimates
                                       including future cash flows (such as future leasing assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating expenditures) and discount,
                                       reversionary and overall capitalization rates applicable to the asset based on current market conditions. Investment properties
                                       under construction are valued at fair value if such values can be reliably determined; otherwise, they are recorded at cost.

                                       Net Investment Income
                                       Interest income is accounted for on an accrual basis using the effective interest method for bonds and mortgage and other
                                       loans.
                                       Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established. This is the ex-dividend date for listed shares
                                       and usually the notification date or date when the board of directors has approved the dividend for private equity instruments.
                                       Investment property income includes rents earned from tenants under lease agreements and property tax and operating cost
                                       recoveries. Leases with contractual rent increases and rent-free periods are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term
                                       of the lease.
                                       Interest income, dividend income and investment property income are recorded in net investment income in the statements
                                       of earnings.

                                       Expected Credit Losses
                                       Under IFRS 9, expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified
                                       or designated as FVPL and equity instruments designated as FVOCI.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries measure loss allowances at either a 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL. A 12-month ECL
                                       results from any default events that could potentially occur within the 12 months following the reporting date. A 12-month
                                       ECL is calculated for financial assets that are determined to have low credit risk or a credit risk that has not increased
                                       significantly since initial recognition. A lifetime ECL results from all possible default events over the expected life of the
                                       financial asset, which is the maximum contractual period over which the Corporation or its subsidiaries are exposed to the
                                       credit risk. A lifetime ECL is recognized for financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since
                                       initial recognition or when there is objective evidence of impairment.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor all financial assets that are subject to impairment for significant increases in
                                       credit risk. In making this assessment, the Corporation and its subsidiaries consider both quantitative and qualitative
                                       information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is
                                       available without undue cost or effort.

                                       MEASUREMENT OF EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES
                                       The ECL allowance is based on a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses expected as a result of defaults over the
                                       relevant time period as prescribed under the ECL model. The measurement of ECL for a financial asset is based primarily on
                                       the exposure at default, the probability of default, and the loss given default. The measurement of ECL allowances requires
                                       the use of judgment and assumptions.




                                            A  118                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


For performing financial assets, the ECL is calculated as the present value of all cash shortfalls, which are the difference




                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
between cash flows due to the Corporation and its subsidiaries and the cash flows expected to be received. For financial
assets that are impaired, the ECL is calculated as the difference between the carrying value of the asset and the present value
of estimated future cash flows. Financial assets that are subject to ECL allowances are categorized into three stages:
Category             Description



                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
Stage 1              Performing financial assets that have not experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or
                     have low credit risk are categorized into stage 1.
                     A 12-month ECL allowance is calculated for stage 1 financial assets. To assess if credit risk has increased
                     significantly, the Corporation and its subsidiaries compare the risk of default at initial recognition to the risk as at the
                     current reporting date.

Stage 2              Performing financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are
                     categorized into stage 2.
                     A lifetime ECL allowance is calculated for stage 2 financial assets. Financial assets are assessed for a significant
                     increase in credit risk on an individual basis, utilizing the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ internal credit risk rating
                     system and the monitoring of timely payments on the assets. Financial assets that have contractual payments more
                     than 30 days past due are generally presumed to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk and are
                     included in stage 2. A financial asset in stage 2 can revert to stage 1 if the credit risk subsequently improves.

Stage 3              Impaired financial assets are categorized into stage 3 and require a lifetime ECL allowance.
                     Financial assets are reviewed on an individual basis at the end of each reporting period to determine whether there
                     is any objective evidence of impairment. The Corporation and its subsidiaries consider various factors in the
                     impairment evaluation process, including, but not limited to, the financial condition of the issuer, specific adverse
                     conditions affecting an industry or region, decline in fair value not related to interest rates, bankruptcy or defaults,
                     and delinquency in payments of interest or principal.
                     Financial assets are deemed to be impaired when there is no longer reasonable assurance of collection. The fair
                     value of a financial asset is not a definitive indicator of impairment, as it may be significantly influenced by other
                     factors, including the remaining term to maturity and liquidity of the asset; however, market price is taken into
                     consideration when evaluating impairment.



PRESENTATION OF EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES
The ECL allowance for financial assets classified as FVOCI is recognized in the statements of comprehensive income and does
not reduce the carrying value of the asset. Financial assets classified as amortized cost are presented net of the ECL allowance
in the balance sheets.
When there is no expectation of recovery, the Corporation and its subsidiaries will partially or fully write off a financial asset
against the related allowance for credit loss. Losses arising from impairment are reclassified from other comprehensive
income to net earnings. Financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities. In subsequent
periods, any recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to the provision for credit losses and are recognized as
net investment income in the statements of earnings.

MODIFIED FINANCIAL ASSETS
The contractual terms of a financial asset may be modified for a number of reasons, including changing market conditions
and other factors not related to a current or potential credit deterioration of the borrower. An existing financial asset whose
terms have been modified may be derecognized and the renegotiated asset recognized as a new financial asset at fair value
in accordance with the Corporation’s accounting policies.
If modification does not result in derecognition, the financial asset continues to be subject to the assessment for significant
increase in credit risk relative to initial recognition. Expected cash flows arising from the modified contractual terms are
considered when calculating the ECL for the modified asset. For loans that were modified while having lifetime ECLs, such
loans can revert to having 12-month ECLs if the borrower's financial condition improves.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    A  119
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       DEFINITION OF DEFAULT




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The definition of default used in the measurement of ECL is consistent with the definition used for the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ internal credit risk management purposes. A financial asset is considered to be in default when the issuer is
                                       unlikely to meet its credit obligations in full or when it is 90 days past due. The definition of default may differ across financial
                                       assets and considers qualitative factors, such as financial covenants and other indicators of financial distress, as well as
                                       quantitative factors, such as non-payment of other obligations by the same issuer. Lifeco uses data from internal and external

PART A
                                       sources when assessing whether an asset is in default.

                                       Securities Lending
                                       Lifeco engages in securities lending through its securities custodians as lending agents. Loaned securities are not
                                       derecognized, and continue to be reported within investments, as Lifeco retains substantial risks and rewards and economic
                                       benefits related to the loaned securities.

                                       TRANSACTION COSTS
                                       Transaction costs related to financial instruments classified as FVPL are expensed as incurred. Transaction costs related to
                                       financial instruments classified as FVOCI are included in the value of the instrument at acquisition. Transaction costs for all
                                       other classifications of financial instruments are included in the value of the instrument at acquisition and taken into net
                                       earnings using the effective interest method for fixed income instruments or when sold for equity instruments.

                                       FEE INCOME AND OTHER REVENUES
                                       Lifeco
                                       Fee income primarily includes fees earned from the management of investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                       policyholders, proprietary mutual fund assets, record keeping, fees earned on administrative-services-only Group health
                                       contracts, commissions and fees earned from management services. Fee income is recognized on the transfer of services to
                                       customers for the amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those services promised.
                                       Lifeco has sub-advisor arrangements where Lifeco retains the primary obligation with the client. As a result, fee income earned
                                       is reported on a gross basis, with the corresponding sub-advisor expense recorded in operating and administrative expenses.

                                       IGM Financial
                                       Wealth management revenue is earned for providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services.
                                       Revenues from financial advisory fees and investment management and related administration fees are based on the net asset
                                       value of investment funds or other assets under advisement and are recognized as services are performed. Distribution
                                       revenue associated with insurance and banking products and services is also recognized on an accrual basis while distribution
                                       fees derived from investment fund and securities transactions are recognized on a trade-date basis.
                                       Asset management revenue related to investment management advisory and administrative services is based on the net asset
                                       value of investment funds and other assets under management and is accrued as services are performed.
                                       Wealth and asset management revenue is included in fee income in the statements of earnings.

                                       Other Subsidiaries
                                       Revenues from contracts with customers are recognized by other subsidiaries when control of the goods or services is
                                       transferred to the customer for the amount that reflects the consideration which the subsidiary expects to receive in exchange
                                       for the goods or services.
                                       Revenues from electricity sales are recognized when the electricity is delivered at the customer’s connection point and there
                                       is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the electricity. Revenues from electricity sales are
                                       included in other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       Management fee revenues earned by the asset management subsidiaries, which manage assets on behalf of investors, include:
                                         Revenues from asset managers: Management fees are earned in accordance with contractual arrangements with
                                           investment funds based on the committed or invested capital and are accrued as services are performed.
                                         Revenues from investment management businesses: Management fee revenues are recognized based on daily
                                           management services provided to investors as the performance obligation is satisfied.




                                            A  120                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


Carried interest is a performance fee arrangement in which the alternative asset manager receives a percentage of investment




                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
returns, generated within an investment fund on carry-eligible capital, based on a contractual formula. Carried interest
revenue is recognized when an investment fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of preferred returns and when it is highly
probable that a significant reversal will not occur.
Management fees and carried interest revenue are included in fee income in the statements of earnings.


                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
OWNER-OCCUPIED PROPERTIES AND CAPITAL ASSETS
Owner-occupied properties and capital assets include right-of-use assets.
Owner-occupied properties and capital assets are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation, disposals and impairments.
Capital assets include equipment, renewable power generating assets, furniture and fixtures. Owner-occupied properties and
capital assets are depreciated using the straight-line method, over their estimated useful lives, as follows: i) owner-occupied
properties (10 to 50 years); and ii) capital assets (3 to 30 years).
Right-of-use assets are depreciated to the earlier of the end of the estimated useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of
the lease term using the straight-line method. Depreciation expense is included within operating and administration
expenses.
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at least annually and adjusted if necessary. Owner-
occupied properties and capital assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

LEASES
At inception of a contract, the Corporation and its subsidiaries assess whether a contract is or contains a lease. The
Corporation and its subsidiaries recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date.
The right-of-use asset is initially measured based on the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and
remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentive
received. Right-of-use assets are included within owner-occupied properties and capital assets, with the exception of right-
of-use assets that meet the definition of investment property, which are presented within investment properties and subject
to the Corporation’s associated accounting policy.
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date,
discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Corporation’s or its
subsidiaries’ incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the incremental borrowing rate is used. The lease liability is measured at
amortized cost using the effective interest method and is included within other liabilities. Interest expense on lease liabilities
is included within financing charges.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries do not recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a
lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The lease payments associated with these leases are
recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the term within operating and administrative expenses.
Where the Corporation and its subsidiaries are the lessor under an operating lease for its investment property, the assets
subject to the lease arrangement are presented within the balance sheets. Income from these leases is recognized in the
statements of earnings on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee are classified as finance leases. Where
the Corporation and its subsidiaries are the lessor under a finance lease, the investment is recognized as a receivable at an
amount equal to the net investment in the lease, which is the present value of the minimum lease payments due from the
lessee presented within the balance sheets. Payments received from the lessee are apportioned between the recognition of
finance lease income and the reduction of the finance lease receivable. Income from the finance leases is recognized in the
statements of earnings at a constant periodic rate of return on net investment in the finance lease.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  121
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       OTHER ASSETS




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Other assets include accounts receivable and interest receivable, client funds on deposit, trading account assets, deferred
                                       acquisition costs, deferred selling commissions, prepaid expenses, and other miscellaneous assets which are measured at
                                       amortized cost.
                                       Trading account assets consist of investments in sponsored funds, open-ended investment companies and sponsored unit

PART A
                                       trusts, which are carried at fair value based on the net asset value of these funds.
                                       Client funds on deposit represent cash balances held in client accounts deposited primarily at Canadian financial institutions.

                                       Deferred Acquisition Costs
                                       Deferred acquisition costs related to investment contracts and service contracts are recognized as assets if the costs are
                                       incremental and incurred due to the contract being issued. Deferred acquisition costs are amortized on a straight-line basis
                                       over the term of the contract, not exceeding 20 years.

                                       Deferred Selling Commissions
                                       Commissions are paid on investment product sales where a fee is either received directly from the client or is received directly
                                       from the investment fund.
                                       Commissions paid on investment product sales where fees are earned from a client are capitalized and amortized over their
                                       estimated useful lives, not exceeding a period of seven years. The Corporation regularly reviews the carrying value of deferred
                                       selling commissions with respect to any events or circumstances that indicate impairment. Among the tests performed to
                                       assess recoverability is the comparison of the future economic benefits derived from the deferred selling commission asset
                                       in relation to its carrying value.
                                       All other commissions paid on investment product sales are expensed as incurred.

                                       ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
                                       Disposal groups are classified as held for sale when it has been determined that the carrying amount will be recovered
                                       through a sale transaction rather than continuing use. The disposal group is measured at the lower of its carrying amount and
                                       fair value less cost to sell. Individual assets and liabilities in a disposal group not subject to these measurement requirements
                                       include financial assets, investment properties and insurance contract liabilities. These assets and liabilities are measured in
                                       accordance with the relevant accounting policies described for those assets and liabilities included in this note before the
                                       disposal group as a whole is measured at the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell. Any impairment loss
                                       for the disposal group is recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount for the portion of the disposal group under the
                                       measurement requirements for IFRS 5, Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.
                                       Disposal group assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately on the balance sheets. Gains and
                                       losses from disposal groups held for sale are presented separately in the statement of earnings.
                                       A disposal group qualifies as a discontinued operation if it is a component of an entity for which operations and cash flows
                                       can be clearly distinguished from the rest of the corporation, that either has been disposed of, or is classified as held for sale,
                                       and:
                                         Represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations;
                                         Is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations; or
                                         Is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.
                                       Classification as a discontinued operation occurs at the earlier of disposal and when the operation meets the criteria to be
                                       classified as held for sale.
                                       Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount in net
                                       earnings (loss) from discontinued operations in the statements of earnings and the comparative statements of earnings is re-
                                       presented as if the operation had been discontinued from the beginning of the comparative year.




                                            A  122                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS




                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase
consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any
accumulated impairment losses.
Intangible assets comprise finite life and indefinite life intangible assets. Finite life intangible assets include the value of

                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
technology and software, certain customer contracts and power purchase agreements. Intangible assets with finite lives are
amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows: i) technology and software (3 to 10 years);
ii) customer contract-related (7 to 30 years); and iii) power purchase agreements (20 years).
Indefinite life intangible assets include brands, trademarks and trade names, certain customer contracts, mutual fund
management contracts and the shareholders’ portion of acquired future participating account profit. Amounts are classified
as indefinite life intangible assets based on an analysis of all the relevant factors, and when there is no foreseeable limit to the
period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash inflows. The identification of indefinite life intangible assets is
made by reference to relevant factors such as product life cycles, potential obsolescence, industry stability and competitive
position. Following initial recognition, indefinite life intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated impairment
losses.

Impairment Testing
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for
impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Indefinite life intangible assets
that were previously impaired are reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal.
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units or to groups of cash generating
units (CGUs), representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill and
indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to the recoverable
amount of the CGUs to which the goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated.
An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less cost of disposal or value in use, which is calculated using the
present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to be generated.
Finite life intangible assets are reviewed at least annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment and the
amortization period and method are reviewed and adjusted if necessary. If indicators of impairment have been identified, a
test for impairment is performed and impairment is recognized as necessary.

SEGREGATED FUNDS
Segregated fund assets and liabilities arise from contracts where all financial risks associated with the related assets are borne
by policyholders and are presented separately in the balance sheets. The assets and liabilities are set equal to the fair value
of the underlying asset portfolio. Segregated fund contacts are classified as insurance contracts or investment contracts
following the classification criteria described in the accounting policy for insurance contracts, investment contracts and
reinsurance contracts held. Investment income and changes in fair value of the segregated fund assets are offset by
corresponding changes in the segregated fund liabilities. Guarantees on the segregated fund products are accounted for
within insurance contract liabilities on the balance sheets.

INSURANCE CONTRACTS, INVESTMENT CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD

Contract Classification
INSURANCE CONTRACTS
Under IFRS 17, insurance contracts are identified as arrangements where Lifeco accepts significant insurance risk from another
party (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder or beneficiary of the contract for specified uncertain
future events that adversely affect the policyholder and whose amount and timing is unknown.
Lifeco determines whether a contract contains significant insurance risk by assessing if an insured event could cause Lifeco to
pay to the policyholder additional amounts that are significant in any single scenario with commercial substance, even if the
insured event is extremely unlikely or the expected present value of the contingent cash flows is a small proportion of the
expected present value of the remaining cash flows from the insurance contract. In making this assessment, Lifeco considers
all its substantive rights and obligations, whether they arise from contract, law or regulation.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  123
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       When Lifeco issues insurance contracts to compensate another entity for claims arising from one or more insurance contracts




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       issued by that other entity, the associated contracts are reinsurance contracts issued, which is part of insurance contracts
                                       issued.

                                       INVESTMENT CONTRACTS
                                       In the absence of significant insurance risk, Lifeco classifies contracts as investment contracts or service contracts. Investment

PART A
                                       contracts with discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 17 and investment contracts
                                       without discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. Lifeco has not classified any contracts
                                       as investment contracts with discretionary participating features.
                                       Investment contracts may be reclassified as insurance contracts after inception if insurance risk becomes significant. A contract
                                       that is classified as an insurance contract at contract inception remains as such until all rights and obligations under the
                                       contract are extinguished or expire. Investment contracts are contracts that carry financial risk, which is the risk of a possible
                                       future change in one or more of the following: interest rate, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, or credit rating. Refer to
                                       Note 24 for a discussion of Lifeco’s risk management.
                                       Investment contracts are measured at FVPL in order to eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mismatch that would
                                       otherwise arise from measuring the assets that back the contract on different bases.

                                       REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD
                                       Lifeco enters into arrangements to transfer insurance risk, along with the respective premiums, to one or more reinsurers that
                                       will share the risks. To the extent that assuming reinsurers are unable to meet their obligations, Lifeco remains liable to its
                                       policyholders for the portion reinsured. Contracts of this nature are defined as reinsurance contracts held.

                                       Separating Components from Insurance and Reinsurance Contracts
                                       At inception, the following components from an insurance or reinsurance contract held are separated and accounted for as if
                                       they were standalone financial instruments:
                                         Embedded derivatives: derivatives embedded in the contract which have economic characteristics and risks that are not
                                           closely related to those of the host contract, and which have terms that would not meet the definition of an insurance or
                                           reinsurance contract held as a standalone instrument; and
                                         Distinct investment components: investment components that are not highly interrelated with the insurance components
                                           and for which contracts with equivalent terms are sold, or could be sold, separately in the same market or the same
                                           jurisdiction.
                                       After separating any financial instrument components, Lifeco also separates any promises to transfer distinct goods or non-
                                       insurance services to policyholders and accounts for them as separate contracts with customers in accordance with IFRS 15,
                                       Revenue from Contracts with Customers. A good or service is distinct if the policyholder can benefit from it either on its own
                                       or with other resources that are readily available to the policyholder. A good or service is not distinct and is accounted for
                                       together with the insurance component if the cash flows and risks associated with the good or service are highly interrelated
                                       with the cash flows and risks associated with the insurance component, and Lifeco provides a significant service of integrating
                                       the good or service with the insurance component.

                                       Level of Aggregation
                                       The level of aggregation for insurance contracts issued is determined by dividing the business written into portfolios.
                                       Portfolios comprise groups of contracts with similar risks which are managed together. Lifeco has defined portfolios of
                                       insurance contracts issued based on its product lines. Portfolios are further disaggregated into groups of contracts that are
                                       issued within an annual period (typically a financial year) and are further divided into: onerous contracts, contracts that have
                                       no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently, and all other profitable contracts. An insurance contract is
                                       onerous if, at the date of initial recognition, the estimated fulfillment cash flow expectations determined on a probability-
                                       weighted basis is a net outflow. Lifeco’s evaluation of whether contracts are onerous is based on reasonable and supportable
                                       information. Lifeco has not identified any groups of insurance contracts that have no significant possibility of becoming
                                       onerous subsequently.
                                       In determining groups of contracts, Lifeco has elected to include in the same group contracts where its ability to set prices or
                                       levels of benefits for policyholders with different characteristics is constrained by regulation. Contracts are aggregated into
                                       groups once they have been initially recognized.




                                            A  124                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


Lifeco has defined portfolios of reinsurance contracts held based on the portfolios of the underlying insurance contracts




                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
issued. Groups of reinsurance contracts held that are entered into within an annual period (typically a financial year) are
divided based on whether they are in a net gain or net loss position at initial recognition.
Some reinsurance contracts held provide cover for underlying contracts that are included in different groups. However, these
contracts’ legal form of a single contract reflects the substance of Lifeco’s contractual rights and obligations, considering that
the different remaining coverages lapse together and are not sold separately. As a result, the reinsurance contract held is not

                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
separated into multiple insurance components that relate to different underlying groups.

Initial Recognition
A group of insurance contracts that it had issued is recognized from the earliest of:
  The beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts;
  The date when the first payment from a policyholder in the group becomes due or when the first payment is received if
    there is no due date; and
  For a group of onerous contracts, when the group becomes onerous if facts and circumstances indicate there is such a
    group.
A group of reinsurance contracts held is recognized on the following date:
  Reinsurance contracts held initiated by Lifeco that provide proportionate coverage: the date on which any underlying
    insurance contract is initially recognized;
  Other reinsurance contracts held initiated by Lifeco: the beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance
    contracts. However, if Lifeco recognizes an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts on an earlier date and the
    related reinsurance contract held was entered into before that earlier date, then the group of reinsurance contracts held
    is recognized on that earlier date; and
  Reinsurance contracts held that are acquired by Lifeco: the date of acquisition.

Contract Boundaries
The measurement of a group of insurance and reinsurance contracts held includes all the future cash flows within the
boundary of each contract in the group. Cash flows are within the boundary of a contract if they arise from substantive rights
and obligations that exist during the reporting period in which Lifeco can compel the policyholder to pay the premiums (or is
compelled to pay amounts to a reinsurer), or in which Lifeco has a substantive obligation to provide the policyholder with
services (or receive services from a reinsurer). A substantive obligation to provide services ends when:
  Lifeco has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the particular policyholder and, as a result, can set a price or level
    of benefits that fully reflects those risks, or
  Both the following criteria are satisfied:
     Lifeco has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the portfolio of insurance contracts that contain the contract and,
      as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects the risk of that portfolio; and
     The pricing of the premiums for coverage up to the date when the risks are reassessed does not take into account the
      risks that relate to periods after the reassessment date.
For reinsurance contracts held, a substantive obligation to receive services ends when the reinsurer has the practical ability
to reassess the risk transferred to it and, as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects those risks, or the
reinsurer has the substantive right to terminate the coverage.
For insurance contracts with renewal periods, Lifeco assesses whether premiums and related cash flows that arise from the
renewed contract are within the contract boundary. The pricing of renewals is established by Lifeco after considering the risks
and terms of coverage for the policyholder, with reference to the pricing of contracts with equivalent risks and terms on the
renewal dates. Lifeco reassesses the contract boundary of each group at the end of each reporting period.
Liabilities or assets relating to expected premiums or claims outside the boundary of the insurance contract are not
recognized. Such amounts relate to future insurance contracts.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  125
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       Measurement of Insurance Contracts




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       There are three measurement models provided by IFRS 17 to measure insurance contracts:
                                         The General Measurement Model;
                                         The Variable Fee Approach; and


PART A
                                         The Premium Allocation Approach.

                                       General Measurement Model (GMM)
                                       The model is applied to Lifeco’s medium- to long-term insurance products, such as individual protection, payout annuities,
                                       and longevity swaps.

                                       INITIAL MEASUREMENT
                                       On initial recognition, a group of insurance contracts is measured as the total of the fulfillment cash flows and the CSM.

                                       FULFILLMENT CASH FLOWS
                                       Fulfillment cash flows comprise probability-weighted estimates of future cash flows, discounted to reflect the time value of
                                       money and the associated financial risks, plus a risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
                                       Lifeco estimates future contractual cash flows within the contracts’ boundary by considering evidence from current and past
                                       conditions, as well as possible future conditions, to reflect market and non-market variables impacting the valuation of cash
                                       flows. The estimates of these cash flows are based on probability-weighted expected values that reflect the average of a full
                                       range of possible outcomes and include an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk. The risk adjustment is the
                                       compensation Lifeco receives in fulfilling an insurance contract that arises from uncertainties surrounding the amount and
                                       timing of cash flows for non-financial risks. The non-financial risk assumptions are mortality, longevity, morbidity, lapse, and
                                       expense. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically for appropriateness in reflecting current, past, and future
                                       conditions.
                                       When estimating fulfillment cash flows, Lifeco includes all cash flows that are within the contract boundary including:
                                         Premiums and related cash flows;
                                         Claims and benefits, including reported claims not yet paid, incurred claims not yet reported and expected future claims;
                                         Premium and other transaction-based taxes and cash flows from loans to policyholders;
                                         Insurance acquisition cash flows which are allocated to groups of contracts on a systematic and rational basis;
                                         Other fixed and variable expenses directly attributable to the fulfillment of insurance contracts;
                                         Investment expenses incurred in investment activities related to underlying items such as universal life funds and
                                           segregated fund account balances; and
                                         The impact of funds withheld for reinsurance contracts issued to manage credit risk.

                                       CONTRACTUAL SERVICE MARGIN
                                       The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that Lifeco expects to recognize in the future as it
                                       provides services under those contracts.
                                       On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for
                                       insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous.
                                       In this case, the CSM is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or
                                       expenses arising on initial recognition.

                                       DISCOUNT RATES
                                       Lifeco measures the time value of money using discount rates that are consistent with observable market prices and reflect
                                       the liquidity characteristics of the insurance contracts. They exclude the effect of factors that influence such observable market
                                       prices but do not affect the future cash flows of the insurance contracts (e.g., credit risk).




                                            A  126                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


Lifeco applies the top-down approach for insurance contract liabilities with backing assets. Under this approach, discount




                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
rates are estimated by starting from the yield curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets that closely reflects the duration,
currency, and liquidity characteristics of the insurance cash flows, and then excluding the effects of risks (e.g., credit risk)
present in the cash flows from the financial instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but not in the insurance contract
cash flows. The allowance for credit risk in the discount rate varies depending on the credit rating, sector and term of the
assets reflected in the discount rate. The allowance is estimated based on historic credit experience and prevailing market

                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
conditions. For example, if there is a significant widening of market credit spreads, an additional allowance for credit risk to
reduce the discount rate may be required to reflect prevailing market conditions. Lifeco uses the fixed income assets
supporting the insurance contract liabilities as the reference portfolio to determine the discount rates in the observable
period, while the discount rates in the unobservable period are based on an ultimate investment rate. In situations where the
fixed income assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities do not appropriately reflect the illiquidity characteristics of
the liability, an additional adjustment is made to the discount rate.
In cases where there are no backing assets, Lifeco applies the bottom-up approach to set the discount rate. This approach
uses a risk-free rate, plus a spread to reflect the liquidity characteristics of the liability. Risk-free rates are determined by
reference to highly liquid government securities in the currency of the insurance contract liability, and the spread is derived
from an external benchmark.

RISK ADJUSTMENT
The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that Lifeco requires for bearing uncertainty in the
amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk. Non-financial risks are insurance risks such as
life mortality, annuity mortality and morbidity, and other risks such as expense and lapse. The risk adjustment is calculated by
applying a margin to non-financial assumptions and discounting the resulting margin cash flows at the same discount rates
as the best estimate cash flows. The margins applied reflect diversification benefits across all non-financial risks. Lifeco’s target
range for the confidence level of the risk adjustment is between the 85th and 90th percentile, and the risk adjustment is
currently within the target range. The confidence level is determined on a net-of-reinsurance basis.

INSURANCE ACQUISITION CASH FLOWS
Insurance acquisition cash flows arise from selling and underwriting activities required to initiate a group of contracts.
Any assets or liabilities for insurance acquisition cash flows recognized before the corresponding insurance contracts are
recognized and included in the carrying amount of the related groups of insurance contracts issued. Judgments are applied
by management of Lifeco to determine which costs are directly attributable to the issuance of a group of contracts and the
portion of those costs that are allocated to groups of contracts arising from expected renewals.
The asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if facts and circumstances
indicate that impairment may have occurred. In testing for impairment, the carrying value of the asset is compared to the
expected net cash inflow for the related group of insurance contracts.
Additionally, if a portion of the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows has been allocated to future renewals of the related
group of contracts, the carrying value of the asset is compared to the expected net cash inflow for those expected renewals.
If the carrying value exceeds the expected net cash inflows described above, a loss is recognized in the insurance service
result. In the event that facts and circumstances indicate the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is no longer impaired,
the impairment loss, or a portion thereof, is reversed.

SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT
The carrying amount of a group of insurance contracts at each reporting date is the sum of the liability for remaining coverage
and the liability for incurred claims. The liability for remaining coverage comprises the fulfillment cash flows that relate to
services that will be provided under the contracts in future periods and any remaining CSM at that date. The liability for
incurred claims comprises the fulfillment cash flows for incurred claims and expenses that have not yet been paid, including
claims that have been incurred but not yet reported.
The fulfillment cash flows for groups of insurance contracts are measured at the reporting date using current estimates of
future cash flows, current discount rates and current estimates of risk adjustment for non-financial risk.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  127
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       For a group of insurance contracts, the carrying amount of the CSM of the group at the end of the reporting period equals




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       the carrying amount at the start of the reporting period, adjusted for:
                                         The CSM of any new contracts that are added to the group in the period;
                                         Interest accreted on the carrying amount of the CSM during the period, measured at the discount rates on nominal cash
                                           flows that do not vary based on the returns on any underlying items determined on initial recognition;

PART A
                                         The changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to future services (measured using initial recognition discount rates),
                                           except to the extent that:
                                            Any increases in the fulfillment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the CSM, in which case the excess is
                                             recognized as a loss in the statements of earnings and creates a loss component; or
                                            Any decreases in the fulfillment cash flows are allocated to the loss component, reversing losses previously recognized
                                             in the statements of earnings;
                                         The effect of any foreign currency exchange differences on the CSM; and
                                         The amount recognized as insurance revenue because of the services provided in the period.
                                       The changes in fulfillment cash flows relating to future services that adjust the CSM comprise:
                                         Experience adjustments arising from premium and premium-related cash flows received in the period that relate to future
                                           services;
                                         Changes in both estimates of the present value of future cash flows and risk adjustment in the liability for remaining
                                           coverage, measured at the discount rates determined on initial recognition, except for those that relate to the effects of
                                           the time value of money and financial risk changes; and
                                         Differences between any investment components not separated from the contract expected to become payable in the
                                           period (after allowing for financial experience variance) and the actual investment component that becomes payable in
                                           the period, measured at the discount rates determined on initial recognition.
                                       Changes in expected future discretionary cash flows are regarded as an assumption relating to future services and accordingly
                                       adjust the CSM.
                                       Changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to current or past service are recognized in the statements of earnings as part of
                                       the insurance service result. Changes that relate to the effects of the time value of money and financial risk are recognized in
                                       insurance finance income or expenses.

                                       Variable Fee Approach (VFA)
                                       This model is applied to Lifeco’s contracts with direct participating features such as participating insurance and segregated
                                       fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool
                                       of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).

                                       RECOGNITION
                                       An insurance contract is recognized under the VFA if it meets all of the following conditions at initial recognition:
                                         The policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of underlying items;
                                         Lifeco expects to pay the policyholder an amount equal to a substantial share of the returns from the underlying items;
                                           and
                                         The substantial proportion of the cash flows Lifeco expects to pay to the policyholder is expected to vary with cash flows
                                           from the underlying items.
                                       Lifeco performs the test for VFA qualification at initial recognition.

                                       INITIAL MEASUREMENT
                                       Similar to the GMM, the VFA initially measures the insurance contract liabilities as the fulfillment cash flows plus CSM.




                                            A  128                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT




                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
For a group of insurance contracts applying the VFA, the carrying amount of the CSM of the group at the end of the reporting
period equals the carrying amount at the beginning of the reporting period adjusted for the following:
  The effect of any new contracts added to the group;
  Lifeco’s share of the change in the fair value of the underlying items, except to the extent that:

                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
     Lifeco has a previously documented risk management objective and strategy for using derivatives to mitigate financial
      risk arising from the insurance contracts, as it does for the insured assets contracts;
     Lifeco’s share of a decrease in the fair value of the underlying items exceeds the carrying amount of the CSM, giving
      rise to a loss; or
     Lifeco’s share of an increase in the fair value of the underlying items reverses the amount previously recognized as a loss;
  The changes in fulfillment cash flows, relating to future service, except to the extent that:
     Lifeco has a previously documented risk management objective and strategy for using derivatives to mitigate financial
      risk arising from the insurance contracts, as it does for insured assets contracts;
     Such increases in the fulfillment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the CSM, giving rise to a loss; or
     Such decreases in the fulfillment cash flows are allocated to the loss component of the liability for remaining coverage;
  The effect of any foreign currency exchange differences on the CSM; and
  The amount recognized as insurance revenue because of the services provided in the period.

RISK MITIGATION
Lifeco mitigates the financial risks created by guarantees embedded in some of its insurance contracts with direct participation
features through the use of derivatives and reinsurance contracts held. The derivatives are in the scope of IFRS 9 with changes
in their fair value reflected in the statements of earnings. In applying risk mitigation, the financial impact on the guarantees
embedded in these direct participating contracts does not adjust the CSM and is also reflected in the statements of earnings.

Premium Allocation Approach (PAA)
This model is applied to Lifeco’s short-term insurance products, such as group life and health.

RECOGNITION
Contracts with coverage periods of one year or less
The PAA is applied to measure the liability for remaining coverage of insurance contracts with coverage periods of one year
or less.
Contracts with coverage periods of more than one year
The PAA is applied to contracts with coverage periods longer than one year that are relatively stable and have low variability
in fulfillment cash flows. The low variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates there is no material difference in the liability for
remaining coverage measured under the PAA as compared to the GMM. Generally, this applies to products with rate
guarantees between 2 and 5 years.
New groups of insurance contracts are assessed to determine whether they can be measured using the PAA at initial
recognition.
The eligibility test for the PAA model will not be subsequently performed after initial recognition unless there are substantial
changes to the terms of the groups of insurance contracts.

MEASUREMENT
Initial measurement of the liability for remaining coverage
On initial recognition, the liability for remaining coverage is initially measured as the premiums received in the period minus
any insurance acquisition cash flows not expensed, plus or minus any amount caused by the derecognition of an acquisition
cash flow asset or liability which represents any acquisition costs that were paid before the contracts were recognized.
Insurance acquisition costs are included as fulfillment cash flows of the liability and are allocated over the contract boundary
on a straight-line basis. For contracts with expected future renewals, a portion of the acquisition costs is capitalized as an asset
and deferred until the future contract renewals are recognized.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             A  129
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       The fulfillment cash flows of contracts with coverage periods of more than one year are discounted to reflect the impact of




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       financial risk on the contract. The discount rates used reflect the characteristics of the contract cash flows. For contracts where
                                       premiums are received within one year of the coverage period, Lifeco has elected not to adjust the liability for the time value
                                       of money.
                                       Subsequent measurement


PART A
                                       At the end of each reporting period, the liability for remaining coverage for contracts under the PAA is measured as the
                                       carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage at the beginning of the period, adjusted for the following to:
                                         Add the premiums received in the period;
                                         Deduct any insurance acquisition cash flows during the period not directly expensed;
                                         Add the amortization of acquisition cash flows, plus any adjustments to a financing component;
                                         Deduct the amount recognized as insurance revenue for the coverage provided in the period; and
                                         Deduct any investment components paid or transferred to the liability for incurred claims.
                                       If circumstances indicate that a contract under the PAA model has become onerous, a loss is immediately recognized in the
                                       statements of earnings, and a separate component of the liability for remaining coverage is created to record this loss
                                       component. The loss is measured as the difference between the fulfillment cash flows that relate to the remaining coverage
                                       of the group and the current carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage using the measurement described above.
                                       The liability for incurred claims is measured under the same approach as the GMM, which is the fulfillment cash flows related
                                       to incurred claims. When claims are expected to be settled less than one year after being incurred, Lifeco has elected not to
                                       discount the liability for incurred claims.

                                       Measurement of Reinsurance Contracts Held
                                       GENERAL MEASUREMENT MODEL
                                       The accounting policies used to measure a group of insurance contracts under the GMM apply to the measurement of a group
                                       of reinsurance contracts held, with the following modifications:
                                         The carrying amount of a group of reinsurance contracts held at each reporting date is the sum of the remaining coverage
                                           component and the incurred claims component. The remaining coverage component comprises:
                                            The fulfillment cash flows that relate to services that will be received under the contracts in future periods; and
                                            Any remaining CSM at that date.
                                       Lifeco measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows using assumptions that are consistent with those used
                                       to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance contracts, with an adjustment
                                       for any risk of non-performance by the reinsurer. The effect of the non-performance risk of the reinsurer is assessed at each
                                       reporting date and the effect of changes in the non-performance risk is recognized in the statements of earnings.
                                       The risk adjustment for non-financial risk is the amount of the risk transferred by Lifeco to the reinsurer.
                                       On initial recognition, the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held represents a net cost or net gain on purchasing
                                       reinsurance. It is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets
                                       for cash flows occurring before the recognition of the group, any cash flows arising at that date and any income recognized
                                       in the statements of earnings because of onerous underlying contracts recognized at that date. However, if any net cost on
                                       purchasing reinsurance coverage relates to insured events that occurred before the purchase of the group, then the cost is
                                       immediately recognized in the statements of earnings as an expense.
                                       Lifeco adjusts the carrying amount of the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held at the end of a reporting period to
                                       reflect changes in the fulfillment cash flows applying the same approach as for insurance contracts issued, except when the
                                       underlying contract is onerous and the change in the fulfillment cash flows for underlying insurance contracts is recognized
                                       in profit or loss by adjusting the loss component. The respective changes in reinsurance contracts held are also recognized in
                                       profit and loss (adjusting the loss recovery component).
                                       Funds withheld under reinsurance contracts held to manage credit risk are included in the carrying amount of the reinsurance
                                       contracts held asset.




                                            A  130                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


PREMIUM ALLOCATION APPROACH




                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Lifeco holds reinsurance contracts with the direct insurance contracts it issues. The reinsurance contracts held that are eligible
for the PAA and have underlying direct contracts measured under the PAA are also classified and measured under the PAA.

ONEROUS UNDERLYING INSURANCE CONTRACTS
Lifeco adjusts the CSM of the group to which a reinsurance contract held belongs and as a result recognizes income when it
                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
recognizes a loss on initial recognition of onerous underlying contracts, if the reinsurance contract held is entered into before
or at the same time as the onerous underlying contracts are recognized. The adjustment to the CSM is determined by
multiplying:
  The amount of the loss that relates to the underlying contracts; and
  The percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that Lifeco expects to recover from the reinsurance contracts held.
For reinsurance contracts held that are acquired by Lifeco in a transfer of contracts or a business combination covering
onerous underlying contracts, the adjustment to the CSM is determined by multiplying:
  The amount of the loss component that relates to the underlying contracts at the date of acquisition; and
  The percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that Lifeco expects at the date of acquisition to recover from the
    reinsurance contracts held.
A loss-recovery component is created or adjusted for the group of reinsurance contracts held to depict the adjustment to the
CSM, which determines the amounts that are subsequently presented in the statements of earnings as reversals of recoveries
of losses from the reinsurance contracts held and are excluded from the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid in the net
expense from reinsurance contracts held.

Measurement of Investment Contracts
Investment contracts are recognized when Lifeco becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the contract. At recognition,
Lifeco measures an investment contract at its fair value. Transaction costs that are incremental and directly attributable to the
acquisition or issue of the investment contract are expensed as incurred.
When the fair value of the investment contract differs from the transaction price on initial recognition, Lifeco recognizes the
difference as follows:
  When the fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability (i.e., a Level 1
    input) or based on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, the difference is recognized as a
    gain or loss.
  In all other cases, the difference is deferred, and the timing of recognition of deferred day one profit or loss is determined
    individually. It is either amortized over the life of the instrument, deferred until the instrument’s fair value can be
    determined using market observable inputs or realized through settlement.
Investment contracts are subsequently measured at FVPL where the fair value is set to the higher of the market value of the
assets supporting the liability balance and the result of discounting risk-adjusted cash flows rates derived from a reference
portfolio or stochastic modelling. Lifeco’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that market participants would
consider and make maximum use of observable market data.

Coverage Units
AMORTIZATION OF THE CONTRACTUAL SERVICE MARGIN
The CSM is a component of the group of insurance contracts that represents the unearned profit Lifeco will recognize as it
provides services in the future. An amount of the CSM for a group of insurance contracts is recognized in the statements of
earnings as insurance revenue in each period to reflect the services provided under the group of insurance contracts in that
period. The amount that is recognized in the statements of earnings for the current period is determined by identifying the
coverage units in the group, allocating the CSM at the end of the period to each coverage unit provided in the current period
and expected to be provided in the future periods.
The number of coverage units in a group is the quantity of coverage provided by the contracts in the group, which is
determined by considering the quantity of the benefits provided and the expected coverage duration.
For reinsurance contracts issued, the number of coverage units in a group reflects the expected pattern of underwriting of
the underlying contracts because the level of service provided depends on the number of underlying contracts in force.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  131
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       For reinsurance contracts held, the CSM amortization is similar to the reinsurance contracts issued and reflects the expected




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       pattern of underwriting of the underlying contracts because the level of service provided depends on the number of
                                       underlying contracts in force.

                                       Insurance Revenue
                                       Insurance revenue depicts the provision of services arising from a group of insurance contracts at an amount that reflects the
PART A
                                       consideration to which Lifeco expects to be entitled in exchange for those services. Insurance revenue from a group of
                                       insurance contracts is therefore the relevant portion for the period of the total consideration for the contracts (i.e., the amount
                                       of premiums paid to Lifeco adjusted for the financing effect (the time value of money) and excluding any investment
                                       components).

                                       Insurance Finance Income or Expenses
                                       Insurance finance income or expenses comprises the change in the carrying amount of the group of insurance contracts
                                       arising from:
                                         The effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of money; and
                                         The effect of financial risk and changes in financial risk.
                                       The Corporation has elected to recognize insurance finance income or expenses in the statements of earnings.

                                       Net Income or Expense from Reinsurance Contracts Held
                                       The Corporation presents separately in the statements of earnings the amounts expected to be recovered from reinsurers,
                                       and an allocation of the reinsurance premiums paid. Lifeco considers reinsurance cash flows that are contingent on claims on
                                       the underlying contracts as part of the claims that are expected to be reimbursed under the reinsurance contract held, and
                                       excludes investment components and commissions from an allocation of reinsurance premiums presented in the statements
                                       of earnings. Amounts relating to the recovery of losses relating to reinsurance of onerous direct contracts are included as
                                       amounts recoverable from the reinsurer.

                                       Contract Modifications and Derecognition
                                       CONTRACT MODIFICATIONS
                                       When the terms of insurance contracts are modified, Lifeco assesses whether the modification is substantial enough to lead
                                       to the derecognition of the original contract and recognition of a new modified contract as if it was entered for the first time.
                                       If the contract modification does not lead to a re-recognition of the contract, then the effect of the modification is treated as
                                       a change in the estimates of fulfillment cash flows which is recorded as an experience adjustment to the existing contract.

                                       DERECOGNITION OF CONTRACTS
                                       A contract is derecognized when it is extinguished, which is when the specified obligations in the contract expire or are
                                       discharged or cancelled.
                                       When an insurance contract not accounted for under the PAA is derecognized from within a group of insurance contracts:
                                         The fulfillment cash flows allocated to the group are adjusted to eliminate those that relate to the rights and obligations
                                           derecognized;
                                         The CSM of the group is adjusted for the change in the fulfillment cash flows, except where such changes are allocated
                                           to a loss component; and
                                         The number of coverage units for the expected remaining coverage is adjusted to reflect the coverage units
                                           derecognized from the group.
                                       If a contract is derecognized because it is transferred to a third party, then the CSM is also adjusted for the premium charged
                                       by the third party, unless the group is onerous.




                                            A  132                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


When an insurance contract accounted for under the PAA is derecognized, adjustments to the fulfillment cash flows to remove




                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
related rights and obligations and account for the effect of the derecognition result in the following amounts being charged
immediately to the statements of earnings:
  If the contract is extinguished: Any net difference between the derecognized part of the liability for remaining coverage
    of the original contract and any other cash flows arising from extinguishment; and


                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
  If the contract is transferred to the third party: Any difference between the derecognized part of the liability for remaining
    coverage of the original contract and the premium charged by the third party.

DERECOGNITION OF SECURITIZED MORTGAGES
IGM enters into transactions where it transfers financial assets recognized on its balance sheets. The determination of whether
the financial assets are derecognized is based on the extent to which the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred.
If substantially all of the risks and rewards of a financial asset are not retained, IGM derecognizes the financial asset. The gains
or losses and the servicing fee revenue for financial assets that are derecognized are reported in net investment income in
the statements of earnings.
If all or substantially all risks and rewards are retained, the financial assets are not derecognized and the transactions are
accounted for as secured financing transactions.

DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
Debentures and other debt instruments, including capital trust debentures, are initially recorded on the balance sheets at fair
value and subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method with amortization expense recorded in
financing charges in the statements of earnings. These liabilities are derecognized when the obligation is expired, cancelled
or redeemed.

OTHER LIABILITIES
Other liabilities include accounts payable, bank overdraft, dividends and interest payable, lease liabilities, deferred income
reserves, deposits and certificates and other miscellaneous liabilities which are measured at amortized cost. Deferred income
reserves related to investment contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis to recognize the initial policy fees over the
policy term, not exceeding 20 years.
Provisions are recognized within other liabilities when the Corporation or its subsidiaries have a present obligation, either
legal or constructive, as a result of a past event, and it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to
settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount. Provisions are measured based on management of
the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ best estimate at the balance sheet date. The Corporation recognizes a provision for
restructuring when a detailed formal plan for the restructuring has been established and the plan has raised a valid
expectation in those affected that the restructuring will occur.
Limited-life fund units represent the interest held by third parties in funds consolidated by the Corporation. These fund units
have a defined maximum fixed life where the Corporation has an obligation to distribute the residual interests of the fund to
fund partners based on their proportionate share of the fund’s equity in the form of cash or other financial assets at the end
of the fund’s life. Redeemable fund units represent interests held by third parties in funds consolidated by the Corporation
that have a redemption feature that requires the fund to deliver cash or other financial assets to the holders of the units upon
receiving a redemption notice. Limited-life funds and redeemable fund units are classified as financial liabilities and recorded
at fair value. Changes in the value are recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings in the
period of the change.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  133
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain funded defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors,
                                       unfunded supplementary employee retirement plans (SERP) for eligible employees, and unfunded post-employment health,
                                       dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their dependants. The Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.


PART A
                                       The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average earnings. Expenses for
                                       defined benefit plans are actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method prorated on service, based upon
                                       management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ assumptions about discount rates, compensation increases,
                                       retirement ages of employees, mortality and expected health care costs. Any changes in these assumptions will impact the
                                       carrying amount of the pension benefit asset (liability). The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ accrued benefit asset (liability) in
                                       respect to defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by discounting the amount of the benefit that
                                       employees have earned in return for their service in current and prior periods and deducting the fair value of any plan assets.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries determine the net interest component of the pension expense for the period by applying
                                       the discount rate used to measure the accrued benefit asset (liability) at the beginning of the annual period to the net accrued
                                       benefit asset (liability). The discount rate used to value assets or liabilities is determined by reference to market yields on high-
                                       quality corporate bonds.
                                       If the plan benefits are changed, or a plan is curtailed, any past service costs or curtailment gains or losses are recognized
                                       immediately in net earnings.
                                       Net interest costs, administration expenses, current service costs, past service costs and curtailment and settlement gains or
                                       losses are recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.
                                       Remeasurements represent actuarial gains and losses, the actual return on plan assets greater (less) than interest income, and
                                       changes in the asset ceiling. Remeasurements are recognized immediately through other comprehensive income and are not
                                       subsequently reclassified to net earnings.
                                       The accrued benefit asset (liability) represents the plan surplus (deficit) and is included in other assets (other liabilities).
                                       Contributions to the defined contribution plans are expensed as incurred.

                                       INCOME TAXES
                                       The income tax expense for the period represents the sum of current income tax and deferred income tax. Income tax is
                                       recognized as an expense or recovery in the statements of earnings, except to the extent that it relates to items that are not
                                       recognized in the statements of earnings (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case the
                                       income tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

                                       Current Income Tax
                                       Current income tax is based on taxable income for the year. Current tax liabilities (assets) for the current and prior periods are
                                       measured at the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) the taxation authorities using the rates that have been
                                       enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in each respective jurisdiction. Current tax assets and current tax
                                       liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to offset the recognized amounts and the entity intends either to settle
                                       on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
                                       A provision for tax treatment uncertainties which meet the probable threshold for recognition is measured using either the
                                       most likely amount or the expected value, depending upon which method provides the better prediction of the resolution of
                                       the uncertainty. The provision for tax uncertainties will be classified as current or deferred based on how a disallowance of
                                       the underlying uncertain tax treatment would impact the tax provision accrual as of the balance sheet date.

                                       Deferred Income Tax
                                       Deferred income tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences arising between the carrying amounts
                                       of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of taxable income
                                       and on unused tax attributes, and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are
                                       generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is
                                       probable that future taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences and unused tax attributes
                                       can be utilized.




                                            A  134                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


Recognition of deferred tax assets is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax




                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
planning opportunities available to allow the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods may
adversely impact the assessment of the recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in establishing
the deferred tax assets. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial planning process provides a basis for the measurement
of deferred tax assets.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the

                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to net current tax assets against
current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
longer probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized.
Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognized to the extent that it has
become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, jointly
controlled corporations and associates, except where the group controls the timing of the reversal of the temporary
differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
The Corporation applied the mandatory exception in IAS 12 whereby it is not recognizing and disclosing information about
deferred tax assets and liabilities related to income taxes arising from tax law to implement the Pillar Two model rules
published by the OECD.

DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative products as risk management instruments to hedge or manage revenues
and asset, liability and capital positions. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies prohibit the use of derivative
instruments for speculative trading purposes.
Derivatives are measured at fair value and recorded on the balance sheets. The method of recognizing unrealized and realized
fair value gains and losses depends on whether the derivatives are designated as hedging instruments. For derivatives that
are not designated as hedging instruments, unrealized and realized gains and losses are recorded in net investment income
in the statements of earnings. For derivatives designated as hedging instruments, unrealized and realized gains and losses
are recognized according to the nature of the hedged item.
Derivatives are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever possible, including market-based
inputs to models, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency.
When models are used, the selection of a particular model to value a derivative depends on the contractual terms of, and
specific risks inherent in, the instrument, as well as the availability of pricing information in the market. The Corporation and
its subsidiaries generally use similar models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of inputs,
including contractual terms, market prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates and
correlations of such inputs.
To qualify for hedge accounting, the relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument must meet several
strict conditions on documentation, probability of occurrence, hedge effectiveness and reliability of measurement. If these
conditions are not met, then the relationship does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and both the hedged item and
the hedging instrument are reported independently, as if there was no hedging relationship.
Where a hedging relationship exists, the Corporation and its subsidiaries document all relationships between hedging
instruments and hedged items, as well as their risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge
transactions. This process includes linking derivatives that are used in hedging transactions to specific assets and liabilities on
the balance sheets or to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Corporation and its subsidiaries also
assess, both at the hedge’s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are
effective in offsetting change in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. Hedge effectiveness is reviewed quarterly through
correlation testing. Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedge no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             A  135
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


                                       Fair Value Hedges




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Fair value hedges are used to manage the exposure to change in fair value of a recognized asset or liability or an unrecognized
                                       firm commitment, or an identified portion of such an asset, liability or firm commitment, that is attributable to a particular risk
                                       and could affect profit or loss. For fair value hedges, change in fair value of both the hedging instrument and the hedged item
                                       are recorded in net investment income and consequently any ineffective portion of the hedge is recorded immediately in net


PART A
                                       investment income.

                                       Cash Flow Hedges
                                       Cash flow hedges are used to manage the exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk associated
                                       with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecasted transaction and could affect profit or loss. For cash flow
                                       hedges, the effective portion of the change in fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in other comprehensive
                                       income, while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in net investment income. Gains and losses on cash flow
                                       hedges that accumulate in other comprehensive income are recorded in net earnings in the same period the hedged item
                                       affects net earnings. Gains and losses on cash flow hedges are immediately reclassified from other comprehensive income to
                                       net investment income if and when a forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur.

                                       Net Investment Hedges
                                       Net investment hedges are used to manage the exposure to changes in the reporting entity’s share in the net share of a
                                       foreign operation. For net investment hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument is
                                       recorded in other comprehensive income while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in net investment income.
                                       The unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on the instruments are recorded within other comprehensive income and will
                                       be reclassified into net earnings when the investments are derecognized.

                                       EQUITY
                                       Preferred shares are classified as equity if they are non-redeemable or if they are retractable only at the Corporation’s option
                                       and if any dividends are discretionary. Costs that are directly attributable to the issue of share capital are recognized as a
                                       reduction from retained earnings, net of income tax.
                                       Reserves are composed of share-based compensation and other comprehensive income. Share-based compensation reserve
                                       represents the vesting of options less options exercised. Other comprehensive income represents the total of the unrealized
                                       foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations, the unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net
                                       investment in foreign operations, the actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit pension plans, the unrealized gains (losses)
                                       on FVOCI equity instruments, the unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, the re-evaluation surplus on transfer to
                                       investment properties and the share of other comprehensive income of jointly controlled corporations and associates.
                                       Non-controlling interests represent the proportion of equity that is attributable to minority shareholders of subsidiaries.

                                       Limited Recourse Capital Notes
                                       Limited recourse capital notes issued by Lifeco are classified as non-controlling interests in the financial statements. Lifeco
                                       has the sole discretion to settle the obligation to noteholders through the issuance of a fixed number of Lifeco’s equity
                                       instruments. Transaction costs incurred in connection with the issuance are charged to equity.

                                       SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
                                       Options granted to employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries are measured at fair value on the date of the grant.
                                       Compensation expense for equity-settled options is recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements
                                       of earnings over the vesting period of the granted options, with a corresponding increase in share-based compensation
                                       reserve. When the stock options are exercised, the proceeds received, together with the amount recorded in share-based
                                       compensation reserve, are included in the share capital of the entity issuing the corresponding shares.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries recognize a liability for cash-settled awards, including tandem share appreciation rights
                                       and those granted under Performance Share Unit plans and Deferred Share Unit plans. Compensation expense is recognized
                                       in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings over the vesting period, net of related hedges, and a
                                       liability is recognized on the balance sheets. The liability is remeasured at fair value at each reporting period with the change
                                       in the liability recorded in operating and administrative expenses.




                                            A  136                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)


FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION




                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries operate with multiple functional currencies. The Corporation’s financial statements are
prepared in Canadian dollars, which is the functional and presentation currency of the Corporation.
Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into each entity’s functional currency at exchange rates
prevailing at the balance sheet dates for monetary items and at exchange rates prevailing at the transaction date for non-

                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
monetary items. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into each entity’s functional currency
at an average of daily rates. Realized and unrealized exchange gains and losses are included in net investment income.

Translation of Net Investment in Foreign Operations
Foreign operations are subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations, associates and/or business units with functional
currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the rate of exchange
prevailing at the balance sheet dates and all revenues and expenses are translated at an average of daily rates. Unrealized
foreign currency translation gains and losses on the Corporation’s net investment in its foreign operations are presented as a
component of other comprehensive income. Unrealized foreign currency translation gains and losses are recognized
proportionately in net earnings when there has been a disposal of a foreign operation.

EARNINGS PER PARTICIPATING SHARE
Basic earnings per participating share is determined by dividing net earnings available to participating shareholders by the
weighted average number of participating shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings per participating share is
determined using the same method as basic earnings per participating share, except that net earnings available to
participating shareholders and the weighted average number of participating shares outstanding are adjusted to include the
potential dilutive effect of outstanding stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries, as determined by the
treasury stock method.
Options with tandem share appreciation rights are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options can
be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash, they are considered potentially dilutive and are included
in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact during the year. The net earnings used in
the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.

FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the International Accounting
Standards Board (IASB) and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial
statements when they become effective.
Standard                    Summary of future changes

IFRS 16 –                   In September 2022, the IASB published Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback, amendments to IFRS 16,
Leases                      Leases. The amendments clarify that in a sale and leaseback transaction, the seller-lessee cannot recognize
                            a gain or loss on the subsequent measurement of the lease liability related to the right of use it retains.
                            These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, with
                            earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
                            statements as a result of these amendments.

IAS 7 –                     In May 2023, the IASB published amendments to IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7, Financial
Statement of Cash Flows     Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments require an entity to provide additional disclosures about its
and                         supplier finance arrangements.
IFRS 7 –                    These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, with
Financial Instruments:      earlier application permitted. The Corporation does not anticipate a significant impact on its financial
Disclosures                 statements as a result of these amendments.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                 A  137
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 3        ADOPTION OF IFRS 17, INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND IFRS 9, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                       IFRS 17




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IFRS 17 introduces significant changes to the presentation of the Corporation’s financial statements. Portfolios of insurance
                                       contracts issued by Lifeco, and reinsurance contracts held that are assets and liabilities, are respectively presented separately.
                                       IFRS 17 also introduces significant measurement differences, including the following:


PART A
                                         Reclassification of contracts from insurance to investment contracts;
                                         Establishment of the CSM for in-force policies;
                                         Net impact of removing margin for adverse deviations (MfADs) and establishing an adjustment for non-financial risk;
                                         Adjustment for difference in discount rates;
                                         Adjustment for non-attributable expenses; and
                                         Other measurement impacts.
                                       Upon transition, IFRS 17 requires an entity to apply the standard retrospectively unless impracticable, in which case the entity
                                       shall use either the modified retrospective approach or the fair value approach.
                                       The full retrospective approach requires that the guidance of IFRS 17 is applied as if IFRS 17 had always been applied. It would
                                       be considered impracticable in the following situations:
                                         The necessary level of detail for historical information could not be obtained using a reasonable amount of effort; or
                                         Estimates required for measurement at the appropriate level of detail could not be determined without the use of
                                           hindsight and/or professional judgment could not be applied to such estimates in accordance with the requirements of
                                           IFRS 17 or Lifeco’s interpretations and established policies.
                                       Lifeco has performed a cut-off date assessment (by region and product) to determine the contracts to which the full
                                       retrospective approach can be applied. The full retrospective approach was applied to all identified insurance contracts
                                       unless it was impracticable, in the cases where reasonable and supportable information necessary to complete the full
                                       retrospective approach was not available.
                                       The fair value approach calculates the CSM or loss component of the liability for remaining coverage as the difference
                                       between the fair value of a group of insurance contracts at the date of transition and the fulfillment cash flows measured at
                                       that date. The fair value approach was applied to contracts where it was impracticable to apply the full retrospective approach.
                                       An embedded value approach was used to determine the fair value within the fair value approach. Under the embedded
                                       value approach, the fair value is measured as the third party’s present value of fulfillment cash flows, plus future costs of capital,
                                       less any future profits. The cost of capital was measured as the total required capital times a hurdle rate, and the future profits
                                       are driven by the release of risk adjustment and investment income on required capital. The development of the assumptions
                                       was based on a combination of publicly available industry data, historic economic data and Lifeco’s own view of assumptions
                                       when the external data sources were not available.

                                       IFRS 9
                                       IFRS 9 introduces changes to the classification and measurement of financial instruments as well as the transition from an
                                       incurred loss model under IAS 39 to an ECL model for the determination of allowances for credit losses.
                                       Upon adoption of IFRS 9, the Corporation elected to present comparative information for certain of its financial assets,
                                       primarily those held by Lifeco, as if the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 had been applied in the
                                       comparative period (IFRS 9 overlay), on an instrument-by-instrument basis, as permitted by the amendment to IFRS 17
                                       published by the IASB in December 2021.




                                            A  138                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 3 ADOPTION OF IFRS 17, INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND IFRS 9, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


IMPACT ON OPENING BALANCE SHEET




                                                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The changes in accounting policies resulting from the adoption of these standards had an impact on the Corporation’s
opening equity balances.
The quantitative impact of transitioning to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 is illustrated in the opening balance sheet reconciliation table
below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                PART A
                                                                 December 31,                                                                       January 1,
                                                                         2021                                                                            2022
                                                                  (as reported                                IFRS 9                             (restated for
                                                                  under IFRS 4      Asset / liability        overlay        IFRS 17   Income       IFRS 17 and
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets                               and IAS 39)     reclassification    measurement    measurement        tax           IFRS 9)

Assets
Bonds                                                                 140,987                      –          2,043               –         –       143,030
Mortgage and other loans                                                34,266                     –            505               –         –        34,771
Shares                                                                  15,318                   16              26               –         –        15,360
Insurance contract assets                                                      –             1,533                 –              –         –          1,533
Other assets
  Impacted by IFRS 17 and IFRS 9                                        67,677            (18,723)                 –           697      269          49,920
  Not impacted by IFRS 17 and IFRS 9                                    45,966                     –               –              –         –        45,966
Investments on account of segregated fund
  policyholders                                                       357,419                      –               –              –         –       357,419
Total assets                                                          661,633             (17,174)            2,574            697      269         647,999


Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                        208,378             (57,284)                 –         6,816          –       157,910
Investment contract liabilities                                         12,455             41,239                  –              –         –        53,694
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                          –             1,290                 –              –         –          1,290
Other liabilities
  Impacted by IFRS 17 and IFRS 9                                        11,726              (1,874)                –              –     (413)          9,439
  Not impacted by IFRS 17 and IFRS 9                                    27,927                     –               –              –         –        27,927
Insurance and investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                       357,419            (357,419)                 –              –         –                –
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                –           65,253                  –              –         –        65,253
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                –          292,166                  –              –         –       292,166
Total liabilities                                                     617,905             (16,629)                 –         6,816      (413)       607,679

Total equity                                                            43,728                (545)           2,574         (6,119)     682          40,320
Total liabilities and equity                                          661,633             (17,174)            2,574            697      269         647,999


The adoption of IFRS 17 and the IFRS 9 overlay resulted in an overall reduction of total assets of $13.6 billion, total liabilities
of $10.2 billion, and total equity of $3.4 billion on the transition balance sheet as at January 1, 2022.
Asset and liability reclassifications were driven by changes to the groupings of certain assets and liabilities. Significant
reclassifications included $8.3 billion of loans to policyholders, $7.9 billion of funds held by ceding insurers, and $1.9 billion
of premiums in the course of collection reclassified to insurance contract liabilities. In addition, $40.5 billion of insurance
contract liabilities were reclassified to investment contract liabilities, and insurance contract assets of $1.5 billion and
reinsurance contract held liabilities of $1.3 billion were established. The presentation of liabilities on account of segregated
fund policyholders was separated between insurance and investment contract liabilities.
IFRS 9 adjustments primarily resulted in an increase to assets of $2.6 billion due to a change in designation of certain bonds
and mortgage and other loans held at amortized cost under IAS 39 to FVPL under IFRS 9.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A  139
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 3 ADOPTION OF IFRS 17, INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND IFRS 9, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                       IFRS 17 adjustments mainly resulted in an increase to insurance contract liabilities of $6.8 billion, which is primarily the result




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       of the establishment of CSM for in-force contracts of $4.1 billion associated with shareholders' equity and $4.4 billion
                                       associated with non-controlling interests, partially offset by risk adjustments related to the transition from IFRS 4 to IFRS 17 of
                                       $1.4 billion associated with shareholders’ equity and $0.6 billion associated with non-controlling interests. This does not
                                       include the CSM on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a material impact on capital.
                                       Total equity decreased by $3.4 billion, consisting of a $2.3 billion reduction to shareholders’ equity and a $1.1 billion
PART A
                                       reduction to non-controlling interests.
                                       Shareholders’ equity decreased by $2.3 billion, primarily due to the establishment of the CSM of $4.4 billion and the
                                       adjustment for differences in the discount rate of $1.3 billion, offset by increases due to the transition of risk adjustments from
                                       IFRS 4 to IFRS 17 of $1.4 billion and the impact of the initial application of the IFRS 9 overlay of $1.5 billion. All other impacts,
                                       including taxes, adjustments for non-attributable expenses and from reclassifications, totalled an increase of $0.5 billion.
                                       The non-controlling interests decrease of $1.1 billion was due to the impact of the initial application of IFRS 17 of $2.0 billion,
                                       offset by the impact of the application of the IFRS 9 overlay of $0.9 billion.

                                       RECONCILIATION OF NET EARNINGS FROM IFRS 4 AND IAS 39 TO IFRS 17 AND IFRS 9 OVERLAY
                                                                                                                                                                   December 31,
                                       For the year ended                                                                                                                2022

                                       Net earnings under IFRS 4 and IAS 39, previously reported                                                                         3,543
                                       Impact of initial application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 overlay:
                                         Deferral of new business gains within CSM                                                                                        (170)
                                         CSM recognized in the period, net of impact of changes in liabilities for insurance-related risks                                 157
                                         Changes in impacts from assumption changes and management actions                                                                (131)
                                         Changes in market-related impacts                                                                                                 653
                                         Attributable to Lifeco’s participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                           (390)
                                         Other, including changes in insurance experience impacts                                                                          181
                                         Tax impacts                                                                                                                      (167)
                                       Restated net earnings under IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 overlay                                                                            3,676




                                             A  140                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 3 ADOPTION OF IFRS 17, INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND IFRS 9, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


CSM MOVEMENT BY MEASUREMENT COMPONENT UPON TRANSITION




                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Insurance Contracts

Insurance contracts under fair value approach
CSM beginning balance, as at January 1, 2022                                                         10,197


                                                                                                                                               PART A
Change related to current service provided
 CSM recognized for services provided                                                                    (947)
Changes that relate to future service
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                917
Total changes in insurance service result                                                                 (30)
Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                             64
Effect of movement in foreign exchange rates                                                              54
Impact of acquisitions / dispositions                                                                    294
Total change                                                                                             382

Other insurance contracts
CSM beginning balance, as at January 1, 2022                                                          2,859

Change related to current service provided
 CSM recognized for services provided                                                                    (222)
Changes that relate to future service
 Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                              766
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                152
Total changes in insurance service result                                                                696
Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                             52
Effect of movement in foreign exchange rates                                                              (52)
Total change                                                                                             696


Net closing balance, as at December 31, 2022                                                         14,134



Insurance Revenue
                                                                                                December 31,
For the year ended                                                                                    2022

Insurance revenue for:
  Contracts under fair value approach                                                                 7,546
  Contracts under other approaches                                                                   12,086
Total insurance revenue                                                                              19,632




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                   A  141
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 3 ADOPTION OF IFRS 17, INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND IFRS 9, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                       Reinsurance Contracts Held




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Reinsurance contracts held under fair value approach
                                       CSM beginning balance, as at January 1, 2022                                                            938

                                       Change related to current service provided


PART A
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                    (82)
                                       Changes that relate to future service
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                               3
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                11
                                       Total changes in insurance service result                                                                (68)
                                       Net finance expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                          21
                                       Total change                                                                                             (47)

                                       Other reinsurance contracts held
                                       CSM beginning balance, as at January 1, 2022                                                            137

                                       Change related to current service provided
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                    (13)
                                       Changes that relate to future service
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                              50
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                (53)
                                       Total changes in insurance service result                                                                (16)
                                       Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                             (1)
                                       Total change                                                                                             (17)


                                       Net closing balance, as at December 31, 2022                                                           1,011




                                            A  142                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 3 ADOPTION OF IFRS 17, INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND IFRS 9, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


TRANSITION TO IFRS 9




                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Effect of Initial Application
The following table shows the reconciliation of each class of financial asset from the original measurement category under
IAS 39 to the new measurement category under IFRS 9:


                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
                                                                                               Classification
Financial Assets                                                     IAS 39                                     IFRS 9

Bonds                                                                          Designated as FVPL                        Designated as FVPL
                                                                                                                                     FVOCI

                                                                               Classified as FVPL                         Classified as FVPL

                                                                                Available for sale                        Classified as FVPL
                                                                                                                                      FVOCI
                                                                                                                            Amortized cost

                                                                            Loans and receivables                        Designated as FVPL
                                                                                                                                     FVOCI
                                                                                                                             Amortized cost

Mortgage and other loans                                                      Designated as FVPL                          Classified as FVPL

                                                                                Available for sale                        Classified as FVPL

                                                                            Loans and receivables                        Designated as FVPL
                                                                                                                                     FVOCI
                                                                                                                             Amortized cost

Shares                                                                        Designated as FVPL                          Classified as FVPL

                                                                                Available for sale                        Classified as FVPL
                                                                                                                                      FVOCI




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      A  143
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 3 ADOPTION OF IFRS 17, INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND IFRS 9, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                       Reconciliation of Carrying Value of Assets from IAS 39 to IFRS 9




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following table reconciles the carrying value of financial assets under IAS 39 to the carrying value under IFRS 9:
                                                                                                            IAS 39                                                               IFRS 9
                                                                                                 December 31, 2022            Reclassification         Remeasurement    January 1, 2023

                                       FVPL

PART A
                                       Bonds
                                        Designated                                                        113,511                       (544)                      –          112,967
                                        Reclassified from loans and receivables                                   –                  33,570                   (3,480)          30,090
                                        Total designated                                                  113,511                    33,026                   (3,480)         143,057
                                        Classified                                                            261                            –                     –              261
                                        Reclassified from available for sale                                      –                        67                      –                67
                                        Total classified                                                      261                          67                      –              328
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                        Designated                                                          3,230                     (3,230)                      –                  –
                                        Reclassified from loans and receivables                                   –                  31,310                   (2,297)          29,013
                                        Total designated                                                    3,230                    28,080                   (2,297)          29,013
                                        Reclassified from designated as FVPL                                      –                    3,230                      6             3,236
                                        Reclassified from available for sale                                      –                      240                       –              240
                                        Total classified                                                          –                    3,470                      6             3,476
                                       Shares
                                        Classified                                                            663                            –                     –              663
                                        Reclassified from designated as FVPL                               13,564                            –                     –           13,564
                                        Reclassified from available for sale                                      –                      542                     33               575
                                        Total classified                                                   14,227                        542                     33            14,802
                                       Total FVPL                                                         131,229                    65,185                   (5,738)         190,676

                                       FVOCI
                                       Bonds
                                        Reclassified from available for sale                                      –                  11,797                        –           11,797
                                        Reclassified from designated as FVPL                                      –                      544                       –              544
                                        Reclassified from loans and receivables                                   –                      376                     (16)             360
                                                                                                                  –                  12,717                      (16)          12,701
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                        Reclassified from loans and receivables                                   –                      662                     (41)             621

                                       Shares
                                        Reclassified from available for sale                                      –                      615                       –              615
                                       Total FVOCI                                                                –                  13,994                      (57)          13,937




                                            A  144                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 3 ADOPTION OF IFRS 17, INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND IFRS 9, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                                                                        IAS 39                                                IFRS 9




                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                             December 31, 2022   Reclassification   Remeasurement    January 1, 2023

Available for sale
Bonds
 Brought forward                                                                       12,222                  –                –           12,222
 Reclassified to FVPL                                                                        –               (67)               –               (67)

                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
 Reclassified to FVOCI                                                                       –         (11,797)                 –          (11,797)
 Reclassified to amortized cost                                                              –             (358)                –              (358)
                                                                                       12,222          (12,222)                 –                  –
Mortgage and other loans
 Brought forward                                                                          240                  –                –              240
 Reclassified to FVPL                                                                        –             (240)                –              (240)
                                                                                          240              (240)                –                  –
Shares
 Brought forward                                                                        1,157                  –                –            1,157
 Reclassified to FVPL                                                                        –             (542)                –              (542)
 Reclassified to FVOCI                                                                       –             (615)                –              (615)
                                                                                        1,157            (1,157)                –                  –
Total available for sale                                                               13,619          (13,619)                 –                  –

Amortized cost
Bonds
 Brought forward: Loans and receivables                                                33,962                  –                –           33,962
 Reclassified from available for sale                                                        –              358                (6)             352
 Reclassified to FVPL                                                                        –         (33,570)                 –          (33,570)
 Reclassified to FVOCI                                                                       –             (376)                –              (376)
                                                                                       33,962          (33,588)                (6)             368
Mortgage and other loans
 Brought forward: Loans and receivables                                                41,186                  –                –           41,186
 Reclassified to FVPL                                                                        –         (31,310)                 –          (31,310)
 Reclassified to FVOCI                                                                       –             (662)                –              (662)
                                                                                       41,186          (31,972)                 –            9,214
Total amortized cost                                                                   75,148          (65,560)                (6)           9,582

The adoption of IFRS 9, on January 1, 2023, resulted in a reclassification of available-for-sale investments to FVPL investments
and has led to a reclassification of the investment revaluation reserves to retained earnings of $305 million.

Allowance for Credit Losses
Financial assets measured at FVPL are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL model only applies to FVOCI and amortized
cost assets, and the value of ECL allowances upon adoption of IFRS 9 at January 1, 2023 of $38 million was not materially
different from the allowances that were carried under IAS 39. Of the ECL allowance of $38 million at January 1, 2023,
$6 million was stage 1 and $32 million was stage 2.
The ECL allowance was $38 million at December 31, 2023, of which $5 million was stage 1, $29 million was stage 2 and
$4 million was stage 3.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      A  145
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 4        BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS

                                       LIFECO




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
                                       On May 31, 2023, Lifeco announced that it had reached an agreement to sell Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC (Putnam
                                       Investments), excluding PanAgora Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary PanAgora Asset Management Inc. (collectively, PanAgora)
                                       to Franklin Resources, Inc. (Franklin Templeton), in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash and contingent

PART A
                                       consideration. Lifeco will retain its controlling interest in PanAgora, a quantitative asset manager, and certain assets, including
                                       deferred tax assets, related to Putnam Investments.
                                       Concurrently, the Corporation, Lifeco and Franklin Templeton have entered into a strategic partnership to distribute Franklin
                                       Templeton products. Lifeco will also provide an initial long-term asset allocation amount of US$25 billion in assets under
                                       management to Franklin’s specialist investment managers within 12 months of closing and will hold shares representing a
                                       4.9% interest in Franklin Templeton shares for a minimum 5-year period.
                                       The net earnings (loss) and cash flows of Putnam Investments have been classified as discontinued operations within the Lifeco
                                       segment, and the related assets and liabilities have been classified as held for sale.
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                              Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                            2023                 2022

                                       Revenues
                                       Net investment result                                                                                                  44                  (27)
                                       Fee income and other                                                                                                 1,008               1,008
                                                                                                                                                            1,052                 981

                                       Expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses                                                                                1,076               1,006
                                       Acquisition and divestiture costs                                                                                     130                    –-
                                                                                                                                                            1,206               1,006

                                       Loss before income taxes                                                                                              (154)                (25)
                                       Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                           (30)                  7
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                                 (124)                (32)


                                       Attributable to:
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                             (37)                (11)
                                        Participating shareholders                                                                                            (87)                (21)
                                                                                                                                                             (124)                (32)


                                       Other comprehensive income (loss) from discontinued operations are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                              Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                            2023                 2022

                                       Exchange differences on translation of discontinued operations                                                         (42)                 68
                                       Other comprehensive income (loss) from discontinued operations                                                         (42)                 68


                                       Included within the Corporation’s cash flows are the following amounts attributable to discontinued operations:
                                                                                                                                                             Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                       Operating activities                                                                                                  137                  (44)
                                       Financing activities                                                                                                    (6)                  4
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                        (5)                 23
                                       Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                  126                  (17)




                                            A  146                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 4 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS (continued)


Assets and liabilities held for sale are as follows:




                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                       December 31,
                                                                                                                             2023
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                       375
Shares

                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
                                                                                                                                 46
Owner-occupied properties and capital assets                                                                                    156
Other assets                                                                                                                 2,296
Intangible assets                                                                                                            1,594
Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                           4,467

Liabilities
Other liabilities                                                                                                            2,407
Liabilities classified as held for sale                                                                                      2,407


Subsequent event
On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton in exchange for Franklin
Templeton common shares, cash, and other deferred and contingent consideration with a total estimated fair value of
$1,894 million (US$1,424 million) resulting in an estimated net gain of $61 million. The carrying amount of net assets sold at
January 1, 2024, reflects final closing and other costs recognized at point of sale. The final net gain will be updated and
reflected in the first quarter 2024 results and is as follows:

Consideration received or receivable:
 Fair value of Franklin Templeton common shares (US$29.79)                                                                   1,321
 Net cash and other deferred and contingent consideration                                                                       573
 Non-controlling interest in sale of Putnam Investments                                                                         (123)
Total estimated net proceeds on disposal of Putnam Investments                                                               1,771

Net carrying value of net assets sold
 Carrying value                                                                                                              2,060
 Estimated final transaction closing costs                                                                                      (109)
 Reclassification of translation of foreign operations                                                                          (211)
Net carrying value of discontinued operations                                                                                1,740
Net estimated gain on sale                                                                                                       31
Income tax recovery                                                                                                              30
Estimated net gain on sale after income tax                                                                                      61


Value Partners Group Inc.
On September 8, 2023, Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Value Partners
Group Inc., a Winnipeg-based investment firm that serves clients with complex and sophisticated wealth needs. As at
December 31, 2023, the accounting for the acquisition is not finalized, with the initial amount of $119 million assigned to
goodwill on the date of the acquisition to be adjusted, pending the completion of a comprehensive valuation of the net assets
acquired.

U.S. Individual Life and Annuity Business Reinsurance Agreement
On June 1, 2019, Empower sold, via indemnity reinsurance, substantially all of its individual life insurance and annuity business
to Protective Life Insurance Company (Protective Life). In connection with this transaction, Empower provided standard
indemnities to the buyer. In 2022, Protective Life made claims under those indemnities. Although it is continuing to review
the claims, Lifeco has established a provision, included in other liabilities, for the aggregate potential liability for the claims
using available information.

Transfer of Segregated Funds to Joint Venture
On November 1, 2023, Irish Life Assurance plc (ILA), an indirect subsidiary of Lifeco, completed the portfolio transfer of
segregated funds with a carrying value of approximately €1.8 billion ($2.7 billion) to Saol Assurance d.a.c. (AIB life), a related
party to Lifeco through a 50/50 joint venture with Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. Lifeco recognized a gain related to this transaction
in the fourth quarter of 2023.


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                     A  147
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 4 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS (continued)


                                       LIFECO AND IGM FINANCIAL




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Acquisition of Investment Planning Counsel
                                       On November 30, 2023, Canada Life completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Investment Planning Counsel Inc.
                                       (IPC), an independent wealth management firm, from IGM, for purchase consideration of $585 million. The acquisition
                                       extends Canada Life’s wealth management reach and capabilities.

PART A
                                       This is a related party transaction, and therefore, the transaction was reviewed and approved by the appropriate related party
                                       and conduct review committee.
                                       The Corporation currently consolidates IPC and therefore the transaction did not have a significant impact on the consolidated
                                       statements of earnings and balance sheets.

                                       SAGARD HOLDINGS MANAGEMENT INC.
                                       In July 2023, Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI) announced new strategic partnerships with Abu Dhabi Developmental
                                       Holding Co. (ADQ), an Abu Dhabi-based investment and holding company, and Bank of Montreal (BMO). As part of this
                                       transaction, SHMI has also expanded its existing partnership with Lifeco and the strategic partners have agreed to make
                                       respective commitments of additional long-term capital in SHMI’s existing and future investment strategies.
                                       The transaction closed on September 28, 2023, and on closing ADQ, BMO and Lifeco acquired an aggregate minority interest
                                       of 29.0% in SHMI. The Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of SHMI and the transaction did not have a significant
                                       impact on the financial statements.


                                       NOTE 5        CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                                                                                         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                               2023           2022

                                       Cash                                                                                                                    4,206          5,248
                                       Cash equivalents                                                                                                        5,731          4,600
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                               9,937          9,848


                                       At December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents amounting to $793 million were restricted for use by subsidiaries
                                       ($981 million at December 31, 2022), primarily in respect of cash held in trust for reinsurance agreements or with regulatory
                                       authorities, under certain indemnity arrangements and in escrow.




                                            A  148                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 6           INVESTMENTS

CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES




                                                                                                                                                                              POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:
                                                                                                          December 31, 2023                           December 31, 2022 [1]
                                                                                              Carrying                   Fair              Carrying                  Fair
                                                                                                 value                  value                 value                 value


                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
Bonds
 Designated as FVPL                                                                           143,418               143,418               143,057               143,057
 Classified as FVPL                                                                             1,795                  1,795                   328                   328
 FVOCI                                                                                         11,750                11,750                12,701                 12,701
 Available for sale                                                                                  –                      –                  358                   358
 Amortized cost                                                                                   373                   371                       –                     –
 Loans and receivables                                                                               –                      –                   16                    16
                                                                                              157,336               157,334               156,460               156,460
Mortgage and other loans
 Designated as FVPL                                                                            29,226                29,226                29,118                 29,118
 Classified as FVPL                                                                             4,233                  4,233                 3,371                 3,371
 FVOCI                                                                                            578                   578                    621                   621
 Amortized cost                                                                                 9,531                  8,994                 4,192                 3,577
 Loans and receivables                                                                               –                      –                5,022                 4,905
                                                                                               43,568                43,031                42,324                 41,592
Shares
 Designated as FVPL                                                                                  –                      –                  398                   398
 Classified as FVPL                                                                            16,177                16,177                14,055                 14,055
 FVOCI                                                                                            411                   411                       –                     –
 Available for sale                                                                                  –                      –                  964                   964
                                                                                               16,588                16,588                15,417                 15,417
Investment properties                                                                           7,870                  7,870                 8,344                 8,344
                                                                                              225,362               224,823               222,545               221,813
[1] The Corporation has elected to apply the overlay approach on an instrument-by-instrument basis and has presented the comparative information for the classification
    and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 for certain investments.


BONDS AND MORTGAGE AND OTHER LOANS
Carrying value of bonds and mortgage and other loans by term to maturity is as follows:
                                                                                                                                   Term to maturity
                                                                                                1 year                                        Over
December 31, 2023                                                                               or less             1-5 years               5 years                 Total

Bonds                                                                                          14,602                47,705                95,029               157,336
Mortgage and other loans [1]                                                                    4,796                23,663                15,109                 43,568
                                                                                               19,398                71,368               110,138               200,904


                                                                                                                                   Term to maturity
                                                                                                1 year                                        Over
December 31, 2022 [2]                                                                           or less             1-5 years               5 years                 Total

Bonds                                                                                          13,893                42,420               100,147               156,460
Mortgage and other loans [1]                                                                    3,721                22,142                16,459                 42,322
                                                                                               17,614                64,562               116,606               198,782
[1] Mortgage and other loans include equity-release mortgages which do not have a fixed redemption date. The maturity profile of the portfolio has therefore been estimated
    based on redemption experience.
[2] The Corporation has elected to apply the overlay approach on an instrument-by-instrument basis and has presented the comparative information for the classification
    and measurement requirements of IFRS 9 for certain investments.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A  149
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 6 INVESTMENTS (continued)


                                       NET INVESTMENT RESULT




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                        Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                       2023                2022

                                       Investment return
                                         Net investment income                                                                                                                        9,195               7,613


PART A
                                         Changes in FVPL                                                                                                                              6,664             (30,978)
                                       Total investment return                                                                                                                       15,859             (23,365)

                                       Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts
                                        Changes in fair value of underlying items of direct participating contracts                                                                  (3,941)              3,463
                                        Effects of risk mitigation option                                                                                                               68                  293
                                        Interest accreted                                                                                                                            (3,433)             (2,955)
                                        Effect of changes in discount rates and other financial assumptions                                                                          (1,919)             17,851
                                        Effect of measuring changes in estimates at current rates and
                                          adjusting the CSM at rates on initial recognition                                                                                             (13)                157
                                       Total net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                  (9,238)             18,809

                                       Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts
                                        Interest accreted                                                                                                                               78                  367
                                        Other                                                                                                                                          146               (1,618)
                                       Total net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                                  224               (1,251)

                                       Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                    (4,806)              8,454
                                       Net investment result                                                                                                                          2,039               2,647


                                       Net Investment Income
                                                                                                                          Mortgage and                               Investment
                                       Year ended December 31, 2023                                            Bonds        other loans              Shares           properties         Other             Total

                                       Net investment income
                                        Investment income earned                                               6,669             1,449                 535                  506            635            9,794
                                        Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                          FVOCI                                                                 (248)                  –                   –                     –              –          (248)
                                          Amortized costs                                                           –                 9                    –                     –              –              9
                                        Net expected credit loss charge                                            (1)                 –                   –                     –              –             (1)
                                        Other income (expenses)                                                     –                 3                    4               (186)          (180)            (359)
                                                                                                               6,420             1,461                 539                  320            455            9,195
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                         5,103               750                 969                 (507)           349            6,664
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                           11,523             2,211               1,508                 (187)           804           15,859


                                                                                                                          Mortgage and                               Investment
                                       Year ended December 31, 2022 [1]                                        Bonds        other loans              Shares           properties         Other             Total

                                       Net investment income
                                        Investment income earned                                               5,637             1,247                 411                  459            440            8,194
                                        Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
                                          Available-for-sale                                                        –                  –               (191)                     –              –          (191)
                                          FVOCI                                                                   (71)                 –                   –                     –              –            (71)
                                          Amortized costs                                                           –                 5                    –                     –              –              5
                                        Net allowance for credit losses                                             –               (42)                   –                     –              –            (42)
                                        Other income (expenses)                                                     –                 3                    4               (144)          (145)            (282)
                                                                                                               5,566             1,213                 224                  315            295            7,613
                                       Changes in FVPL                                                       (26,933)            (3,349)               (622)                 (41)             (33)      (30,978)
                                       Net investment income (loss)                                          (21,367)            (2,136)               (398)                274            262          (23,365)
                                       [1] The Corporation has elected to apply the overlay approach on an instrument-by-instrument basis and therefore includes the application of the IFRS 9 overlay for certain
                                           instruments.




                                              A  150                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 6 INVESTMENTS (continued)


Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount




                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
amortization. Income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains realized on
deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on
investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income,
and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other income includes foreign exchange gains
and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.

SECURITIES LENDING                                                                                                                                              PART A

Lifeco engages in securities lending to generate additional income. Lifeco’s securities custodians are used as lending agents.
Collateral, which exceeds the fair value of the loaned securities, is deposited by the borrower with Lifeco’s lending agent and
maintained by the lending agent until the underlying security has been returned. The fair value of the loaned securities is
monitored on a daily basis by the lending agent, which obtains or refunds additional collateral as the fair value of the loaned
securities fluctuates. Collateral primarily consists of government bonds, investment-grade corporate bonds and cash.
Included in the collateral deposited with Lifeco’s lending agent is cash collateral of $443 million at December 31, 2023
($191 million at December 31, 2022). In addition, the securities lending agent indemnifies Lifeco against borrower risk,
meaning that the lending agent agrees contractually to replace securities not returned due to a borrower default. As at
December 31, 2023, Lifeco had loaned securities (which are included in investments) with a fair value of $8,154 million
($9,550 million at December 31, 2022).




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                        A  151
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 7           INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES

                                       The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                  Jointly controlled corporations                                                                          Associates
                                       December 31, 2023                             Parjointco           Other [1]   ChinaAMC                Lion         Northleaf        Rockefeller        Other [1]       Total

                                       Carrying value,
                                        beginning of year                                3,314              443           1,570               234                285                  –         670           6,516

PART A
                                        Acquisition and investments                           –             345                –                  –                 –               858         184           1,387
                                        Disposal and derecognition                            –            (134)               –                  –                 –                 –          (97)          (231)
                                        Share of earnings (losses)                         423                 9            105                (48)               17                 (1)          97            602
                                        Changes in FVPL                                       –               23               –                  –                 –                 –            (2)           21
                                        Impairment                                            –                 –              –                 (8)                –                 –             –             (8)
                                        Share of other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                                    (25)              (10)            (71)                3                  –               (12)           (2)         (117)
                                        Dividends and distributions                        (92)              (28)            (69)                 –                 –                 –            (5)         (194)
                                        Effects of changes in
                                          ownership and other                               97               (84)              –                  –                 –                 –         163             176
                                       Carrying value, end of year                       3,717              564           1,535               181                302                845       1,008           8,152


                                                                                  Jointly controlled corporations                                                                          Associates
                                       December 31, 2022                             Parjointco           Other [1]   ChinaAMC                Lion         Northleaf        Rockefeller        Other [1]       Total

                                       Carrying value,
                                        beginning of year                                4,278              428           1,535               334                259                  –         590           7,424
                                        Acquisition and investments                           –             104                –                28                  –                 –         133             265
                                        Disposal                                              –                –               –                  –                 –                 –          (32)           (32)
                                        Share of earnings (losses)                         (15)               (1)           114                  7                26                  –            (2)          129
                                        Changes in FVPL [2]                                   –              18                –                  –                 –                 –          (55)           (37)
                                        Impairment                                            –                –               –             (126)                  –                 –             –          (126)
                                        Share of other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                                   (929)              18              (17)               (9)                 –                 –           13           (924)
                                        Dividends and distributions                        (84)              (79)            (62)                 –                 –                 –          (15)          (240)
                                        Effects of changes in
                                          ownership and other                               64               (45)              –                  –                 –                 –           38             57
                                       Carrying value, end of year                       3,314              443           1,570               234                285                  –         670           6,516
                                       [1] Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                           to be measured at FVPL of $832 million at December 31, 2023 ($697 million in 2022).
                                       [2] The Corporation has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current year’s presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the net earnings of
                                           the Corporation.


                                       PARJOINTCO
                                       At December 31, 2023, Parjointco held a 100% equity interest (100% of the voting rights) in Pargesa (unchanged from
                                       December 31, 2022). Pargesa held a 31.0% equity interest (45.3% of the voting rights) in GBL at December 31, 2023 (29.8%
                                       equity interest and 44.0% of the voting rights at December 31, 2022).
                                       At December 31, 2023, the net asset value of the Corporation’s indirect interest in GBL is approximately $3,709 million. The
                                       carrying value of the indirect investment in GBL is $3,717 million. For the year ended December 31, 2023, revenue of GBL
                                       was €6,723 million (C$9,813 million) (€5,467 million or C$7,487 million for the year ended December 31, 2022) and net
                                       earnings attributable to GBL’s common shareholders was €1,723 million (C$2,515 million) (net loss of €585 million or
                                       C$801 million for the year ended December 31, 2022). On January 1, 2018, GBL adopted IFRS 9; the Corporation deferred
                                       the adoption of IFRS 9 to January 1, 2023. The Corporation’s share of losses in Parjointco for the year ended December 31,
                                       2022 included an adjustment to account for GBL’s earnings under IAS 39. Other financial information for GBL can be obtained
                                       from its publicly available information.




                                              A  152                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 7 INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES (continued)


C HINA AMC




                                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
On January 12, 2023, IGM acquired a 13.9% equity interest in ChinaAMC from Power Corporation for an aggregate
consideration of $1.15 billion in cash, increasing IGM’s equity interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%. The consolidated
financial statements continue to include a 27.8% equity interest in ChinaAMC through the Corporation’s interest in IGM; this
transaction did not have a significant impact on the consolidated statements of earnings and balance sheets.


                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
At December 31, 2023, IGM Financial held an equity interest of 27.8% in ChinaAMC. ChinaAMC is an asset management
company established in Beijing, China. IGM accounts for its interest in ChinaAMC as an associate using the equity method.
Summarized financial information for ChinaAMC is as follows:
                                                                                                                 2023                         2022
                                                                                             Canadian          Chinese   Canadian        Chinese
[in millions]                                                                                  dollars        renminbi     dollars      renminbi

Balance sheet at December 31[1]
 Assets                                                                                         3,514          18,794       3,461        17,650
 Liabilities                                                                                    1,055           5,642       1,032         5,261
Comprehensive income for the years ended December 31
 Revenue                                                                                        1,398           7,327       1,446         7,475
 Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                                 384           2,013        418          2,163
 Total comprehensive income                                                                       387           2,028        434          2,248
[1] Excludes fair value adjustments made at the time of acquisition of $3,248 million (RMB¥16,380 million).


ROCKEFELLER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
On April 3, 2023, IGM acquired a 20.5% equity interest in Rockefeller, a leading U.S. independent financial services advisory
firm focused on the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth segments, for cash consideration of US$622 million. IGM
accounts for its interest in Rockefeller as an associate using the equity method.
The net earnings of Rockefeller are not significant to the results of the Corporation.

NORTHLEAF CAPITAL GROUP LTD.
At December 31, 2023, IGM’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, and Lifeco held a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest and a 70%
economic interest in Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf), a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund
manager, through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie and 20% owned by Lifeco (unchanged from December 31,
2022).
Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase the remaining economic and voting interest in Northleaf
commencing in approximately five years from the acquisition date on October 29, 2020, and extending into future periods.
The equity method is used to account for the investment in Northleaf as Mackenzie and Lifeco exercise significant influence,
through the acquisition vehicle.
The net earnings of Northleaf are not significant to the results of the Corporation.

LION ELECTRIC CO.
The Corporation held a 34.1% equity interest in Lion at December 31, 2023 (35.4% at December 31, 2022).
On December 16, 2022, Power Sustainable invested US$25 million ($34 million) in Lion in consideration of 9,842,519
common shares and 9,842,519 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was estimated to be $5 million at December 31, 2023
($9 million at December 31, 2022) and is included in derivative financial assets on the balance sheets.
In 2023, the Corporation recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $8 million ($126 million in 2022) on its investment in Lion
reflecting a decline in the market value at December 31, 2023.
At December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Corporation’s interest in Lion was $181 million ($234 million in 2022), based on
the quoted market price.

BELLUS HEALTH INC.
The Corporation held an investment in Bellus Health Inc. (Bellus), a Canada-based late-stage biopharmaceutical company,
which was accounted for as an associate with a carrying value of nil at December 31, 2022. On June 28, 2023, Bellus
completed a transaction in which it was acquired by GSK plc for US$14.75 per share in cash. The Corporation recognized a
recovery of $97 million related to the transaction in the statements of earnings.


                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                A  153
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 8 OWNER-OCCUPIED PROPERTIES AND CAPITAL ASSETS

                                       The carrying value and the changes in the carrying value of owner-occupied properties and capital assets are as follows:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                   Capital assets
                                                                                                             Right-of-use       Owner-occupied                   Power
                                       December 31, 2023                                                           assets [1]        properties        generating assets                  Other            Total

                                       Cost, beginning of year                                                     1,198                  1,037                    2,536                  2,068           6,839


PART A
                                        Transfer to assets held for sale                                              (149)                     –                        –                 (103)           (252)
                                        Additions                                                                     117                     32                     911                    124           1,184
                                        Modifications                                                                   (1)                     –                        –                     –             (1)
                                        Disposal/retirements                                                            (1)                     –                       (2)                  (70)           (73)
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                     (8)                   (1)                     (18)                    (1)           (28)
                                       Cost, end of year                                                           1,156                  1,068                    3,427                  2,018           7,669


                                       Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                    (423)                (253)                    (276)                (1,478)         (2,430)
                                        Transfer to assets held for sale                                               49                       –                        –                   47              96
                                        Amortization and impairment                                                   (103)                  (20)                     (75)                 (127)           (325)
                                        Modifications                                                                    2                      –                        –                     –              2
                                        Disposal/retirements                                                             1                      –                       1                    65              67
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                      –                      –                       1                      2              3
                                       Accumulated amortization, end of year                                          (474)                (273)                    (349)                (1,491)         (2,587)
                                       Carrying value, end of year                                                    682                   795                    3,078                    527           5,082


                                                                                                                                                                                   Capital assets
                                                                                                             Right-of-use       Owner-occupied                   Power
                                       December 31, 2022                                                           assets [1]        properties        generating assets                  Other            Total

                                       Cost, beginning of year                                                     1,078                  1,011                    1,702                  1,990           5,781
                                        Additions                                                                     113                     15                     801                    129           1,058
                                        Modifications                                                                   (8)                     –                        –                     –             (8)
                                        Disposal/retirements                                                            (6)                     –                     (66)                   (60)          (132)
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                    21                     11                       99                      9            140
                                       Cost, end of year                                                           1,198                  1,037                    2,536                  2,068           6,839


                                       Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                    (317)                (214)                    (171)                (1,393)         (2,095)
                                        Amortization and impairment                                                   (115)                  (40)                   (101)                  (126)           (382)
                                        Modifications                                                                    7                      –                        –                     –              7
                                        Disposal/retirements                                                             4                      –                      14                    45              63
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                     (2)                    1                      (18)                    (4)           (23)
                                       Accumulated amortization, end of year                                          (423)                (253)                    (276)                (1,478)         (2,430)
                                       Carrying value, end of year                                                    775                   784                    2,260                    590           4,409
                                       [1] Right-of-use assets include leased properties and leased capital assets.


                                       The following table provides the carrying value of owner-occupied properties and capital assets by geographic location:
                                                                                                                                                                                   December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                         2023             2022

                                       Canada                                                                                                                                            3,235            2,710
                                       United States                                                                                                                                     1,522            1,426
                                       Europe                                                                                                                                               325            273
                                                                                                                                                                                         5,082            4,409




                                              A  154                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 9 OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                  December 31,    December 31,




                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                        2023            2022

Accounts and interest receivable                                                                        5,620           4,903
Client funds on deposit                                                                                 8,490           5,969
Trading account assets                                                                                  3,038           2,972
Deferred acquisition costs and deferred selling commissions                                             1,308           1,295

                                                                                                                                                                PART A
Pension benefits [Note 28]                                                                               427              552
Income taxes receivable                                                                                  320              364
Finance leases receivable                                                                                668              539
Prepaid expenses                                                                                         209              216
Funds held under reinsurance contracts                                                                  7,268           8,130
Other                                                                                                   2,086           2,632
                                                                                                      29,434           27,572


Other assets of $19,522 million as at December 31, 2023 ($16,885 million as at December 31, 2022) are to be derecognized
within 12 months. This amount excludes deferred acquisition costs and deferred selling commissions, the changes in which
are presented below.

DEFERRED ACQUISITION COSTS AND DEFERRED SELLING COMMISSIONS
The changes in the carrying value of the deferred acquisition costs and deferred selling commissions are as follows:
                                                                                                  December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                        2023            2022

Balance, beginning of year                                                                              1,295           1,181
 Additions                                                                                               318              297
 Disposals                                                                                                (95)             (23)
 Amortization                                                                                            (208)            (183)
 Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                               (2)             23
Balance, end of year                                                                                    1,308           1,295




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A  155
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 10 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                       GOODWILL




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The carrying value and changes in the carrying value of goodwill are as follows:
                                                                                                                    December 31, 2023                                          December 31, 2022
                                                                                                        Accumulated             Carrying                          Accumulated           Carrying
                                                                                              Cost       impairment                value                 Cost      impairment              value


PART A                                 Balance, beginning of year                          15,856             (1,239)            14,617              14,155             (1,161)          12,994
                                        Transfer to assets held for sale                    (1,214)           1,214                     –                     –               –                –
                                        Business acquisitions                                 185                   –               185                1,402                  –           1,402
                                        Purchase price allocation adjustments                   (1)                 –                  (1)                31                  –              31
                                        Allocated to intangible assets                         (11)                 –                (11)                 (80)                –             (80)
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates and other          (166)                 6                (160)                348                (78)            270
                                       Balance, end of year                                14,649                (19)            14,630              15,856             (1,239)          14,617


                                       INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                       The carrying value and changes in the carrying value of the intangible assets are as follows:

                                       Indefinite Life Intangible Assets
                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                                     portion of
                                                                                                                                                                      acquired
                                                                                                              Brands,                           Mutual fund               future
                                                                                                      trademarks and          Customer         management          participating
                                       December 31, 2023                                                 trade names    contract-related          contracts       account profit           Total

                                       Cost, beginning of year                                                1,403               2,648                  741               354            5,146
                                        Transfer to assets held for sale                                        (425)             (2,294)                     –               –          (2,719)
                                        Additions                                                                   –                 26                      –               –              26
                                        Transfer to finite life intangible assets                                (95)                   –                     –               –             (95)
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                3                    –                     –               –               3
                                       Cost, end of year                                                        886                 380                  741               354            2,361

                                       Accumulated impairment, beginning of year                                (137)             (1,092)                     –               –          (1,229)
                                        Transfer to assets held for sale                                        103               1,092                       –               –           1,195
                                        Impairment                                                               (23)                   –                     –               –             (23)
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                 –                   –                     –               –                –
                                       Accumulated impairment, end of year                                       (57)                   –                     –               –             (57)
                                       Carrying value, end of year                                              829                 380                  741               354            2,304


                                                                                                                                                                  Shareholders’
                                                                                                                                                                     portion of
                                                                                                                                                                      acquired
                                                                                                              Brands,                           Mutual fund               future
                                                                                                      trademarks and          Customer         management          participating
                                       December 31, 2022                                                 trade names    contract-related          contracts       account profit           Total

                                       Cost, beginning of year                                                1,372               2,542                  741               354            5,009
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                               31                106                       –               –             137
                                       Cost, end of year                                                      1,403               2,648                  741               354            5,146

                                       Accumulated impairment, beginning of year                                (130)             (1,028)                     –               –          (1,158)
                                        Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                               (7)                (64)                     –               –             (71)
                                       Accumulated impairment, end of year                                      (137)             (1,092)                     –               –          (1,229)
                                       Carrying value, end of year                                            1,266               1,556                  741               354            3,917

                                       In 2023, Lifeco recognized an impairment of $23 million on the PanAgora brand which is presented within operating and
                                       administrative expenses in the statement of earnings.




                                             A  156                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 10 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)


Finite Life Intangible Assets




                                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                  Technology
                                                                                          and         Customer     Power purchase
December 31, 2023                                                                    software   contract-related      agreements     Other             Total

Cost, beginning of year                                                                3,270             3,400               614      534          7,818
 Transfer to assets held for sale

                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
                                                                                        (325)               (50)                –        –             (375)
 Additions                                                                              352                107                15      133              607
 Transfer from indefinite life intangible assets                                            –                 –                 –      95                95
 Disposal                                                                               (312)                 –                 –       (5)            (317)
 Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                              (5)               (31)               (6)      5               (37)
Cost, end of year                                                                      2,980             3,426               623      762          7,791

Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                           (1,958)           (1,093)             (130)    (238)         (3,419)
 Transfer to assets held for sale                                                       244                 39                  –        –             283
 Amortization and impairment                                                            (233)             (188)              (46)     (39)             (506)
 Disposal                                                                               223                   –                 –       2              225
 Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                               7                  5                 –        –               12
Accumulated amortization, end of year                                                 (1,717)           (1,237)             (176)    (275)         (3,405)
Carrying value, end of year                                                            1,263             2,189               447      487          4,386


                                                                                  Technology
                                                                                          and         Customer     Power purchase
December 31, 2022                                                                    software   contract-related      agreements     Other             Total

Cost, beginning of year                                                                2,835             2,658               597      545          6,635
 Additions                                                                              393                572                22       43          1,030
 Disposal                                                                                (32)                (3)                –       (3)             (38)
 Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                              74               173                 (5)    (51)             191
Cost, end of year                                                                      3,270             3,400               614      534          7,818

Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                           (1,649)             (888)             (105)    (237)         (2,879)
 Amortization and impairment                                                            (234)             (174)              (33)     (29)             (470)
 Amortization from discontinued operations                                               (21)                (3)                –        –              (24)
 Disposal                                                                                  3                  3                 –       3                 9
 Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                             (57)               (31)               8       25               (55)
Accumulated amortization, end of year                                                 (1,958)           (1,093)             (130)    (238)         (3,419)
Carrying value, end of year                                                            1,312             2,307               484      296          4,399


In 2023, Lifeco recognized an impairment of $88 million ($25 million in 2022) on software assets in the United Kingdom, which
is presented within operating and administrative expenses in the statement of earnings.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A  157
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 10 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)


                                       ALLOCATION TO CASH GENERATING UNITS




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been assigned to CGUs as follows:
                                                                                                                December 31, 2023                                      December 31, 2022
                                                                                                       Intangible                                             Intangible
                                                                                           Goodwill        assets               Total           Goodwill          assets           Total



PART A
                                       Lifeco
                                       Canada
                                         Group Customer                                      1,633          354               1,987                1,633           354            1,987
                                         Individual Customer                                 3,078          642               3,720                2,806           619            3,425
                                       Europe                                                2,429          247               2,676                2,418           218            2,636
                                       United States
                                         Financial Services                                  4,151              –             4,151                4,214             95           4,309
                                         Asset Management                                         –           19                  19                      –      1,566            1,566
                                       IGM
                                       Wealth Management                                     1,440              –             1,440                1,586             23           1,609
                                       Asset Management                                      1,255        1,003               2,258                1,274         1,003            2,277
                                       Other                                                   644            39                683                  686             39             725
                                                                                            14,630        2,304              16,934              14,617          3,917           18,534


                                       RECOVERABLE AMOUNT
                                       Lifeco
                                       For purposes of annual impairment testing, Lifeco allocates goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets to its CGUs. Any
                                       potential impairment of goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets is identified by comparing the recoverable amount to its
                                       carrying value.
                                       Fair value is initially assessed with reference to valuation multiples of comparable publicly traded financial institutions and
                                       previous business acquisition transactions. The calculations utilize earnings and cash flow projections based on financial
                                       budgets approved by Lifeco’s management. These valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or price-to-book
                                       measures for life insurers and asset managers. This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations,
                                       including expected growth, risk and capital market conditions, among other factors. The valuation multiples used in assessing
                                       fair value represent Level 2 inputs.
                                       In the fourth quarter of 2023, Lifeco conducted its annual impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets
                                       based on the September 30, 2023 asset balances. It was determined that the recoverable amounts of CGUs were in excess of
                                       their carrying values and there was no evidence of impairment.
                                       Any reasonable changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amounts of the CGUs are unlikely
                                       to cause the carrying values to exceed their recoverable amounts.

                                       IGM Financial
                                       IGM tests whether goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are impaired by comparing the carrying amounts with the
                                       recoverable amounts. The recoverable amount of IGM’s CGUs is based on the best available evidence of fair value less cost
                                       of disposal.
                                       In assessing recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are used that may include application of capitalization multiples to
                                       financial and operating metrics based upon precedent acquisition transactions and trading comparables and discounted cash
                                       flow analysis. Valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or other conventionally used measures for investment
                                       managers or other financial service providers (multiples of value to assets under management, revenues, or other measures
                                       of profitability). This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations, including expected growth, risk and
                                       capital market conditions, among other factors. The valuation multiples used in assessing fair value represent Level 2 inputs.
                                       Assumptions and estimates employed in discounted cash flows include future changes in assets under management resulting
                                       from net sales and investment returns, pricing and profit margin changes and discount rates, which represent Level 3 inputs.
                                       The fair value less cost of disposal of IGM’s CGUs was compared with the carrying amount and it was determined there was
                                       no impairment. Changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amounts of the CGUs can result
                                       in significant adjustments to the valuation of the CGUs.




                                            A  158                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS

ANALYSIS BY REMAINING COVERAGE AND INCURRED CLAIMS




                                                                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                            Liability for remaining coverage                           Liability for incurred claims
                                                                                                                             Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                    Estimates of             Risk
                                                                                                                present value of    adjustment for       Asset for
                                                          Excluding loss             Loss       Contracts not        future cash     non-financial     acquisition


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
December 31, 2023                                           component           component         under PAA                flows              risk      cash flows            Total
Opening assets                                                    (1,275)                 2              197                (64)                  –             –         (1,140)
Opening liabilities                                             118,505                  199           3,366            12,994                 545           (171)       135,438
Opening liabilities on account of
 segregated fund policyholders                                    57,841                   –                –                  –                  –             –         57,841
Net opening balance                                             175,071                  201           3,563            12,930                 545           (171)       192,139

Changes in the statements of earnings and
 of comprehensive income
Insurance revenue                                                (20,402)                  –                –                  –                  –             –        (20,402)
Insurance service expenses
  Incurred claims and other insurance
    service expenses                                                    –                (22)          9,311             6,250                  99              –         15,638
  Amortization of insurance acquisition
    cash flows                                                       702                   –                –                  –                  –             –             702
  Losses and reversal of losses on onerous
    contracts                                                           –                62                 –                  –                  –             –               62
  Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                        –                  –             (47)              (455)              (123)             –             (625)
                                                                     702                 40            9,264             5,795                  (24)            –         15,777
Investment components                                            (10,085)                  –           7,193             2,892                    –             –                 –
Total changes in insurance service result                        (29,785)                40          16,457              8,687                  (24)            –         (4,625)
Net finance (income) expenses from
 insurance contracts                                               9,515                 12            5,274               709                  31              –         15,541
Effect of movement in exchange rates                                  88                   –               7                 72                   3             –             170
Total changes in the statements of earnings
  and of comprehensive income                                    (20,182)                52          21,738              9,468                  10              –         11,086

Cash flows
Premiums received                                                 30,906                   –                –                  –                  –             –         30,906
Incurred claims paid and other insurance service
  expenses paid                                                       (63)                 –         (21,594)            (8,823)                  –             –        (30,480)
Insurance acquisition cash flows                                    (865)                  –                –                  –                  –             –             (865)
Insurance acquisition cash flows transferred from
  the asset for insurance acquisition
  cash flows at initial recognition                                   (32)                 –                –                  –                  –             –              (32)
Other cash flows [1]                                                 903                   –                –                  –                  –             –             903
Total cash flows                                                  30,849                   –         (21,594)            (8,823)                  –             –             432

Asset for acquisition cash flows
Insurance acquisition cash flows paid in
  the year                                                              –                  –                –                  –                  –           (35)             (35)
Insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to
  groups of insurance contracts recognized in
  the year                                                              –                  –                –                  –                  –            32               32
Total changes in asset for acquisition cash flows                       –                  –                –                  –                  –            (3)              (3)

Other movements        [2]                                          (157)                  –                –                  –                  –             –             (157)

Net closing balance [3]                                         185,581                  253           3,707            13,575                 555           (174)       203,497

Recorded in:
  Closing assets                                                  (2,021)                  –             831                 (3)                  –             –         (1,193)
  Closing liabilities                                           127,300                  253           2,876            13,578                 555           (174)       144,388
  Closing liabilities on account of
    segregated fund policyholders                                 60,302                   –                –                  –                  –             –         60,302
Net closing balance [3]                                         185,581                  253           3,707            13,575                 555           (174)       203,497
[1] Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via funding component balance (FCB), claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements,
    and other cash flows from policy loans.
[2] Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other
    than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
[3] Included in the insurance contract balances are loans to policyholders of $8,945 million and funds withheld of $3,926 million.



                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               A  159
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


                                                                                                 Liability for remaining coverage                             Liability for incurred claims




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                    Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                                                          Estimates of              Risk
                                                                                                                                                      present value of     adjustment for       Asset for
                                                                                                Excluding loss            Loss       Contracts not         future cash      non-financial     acquisition
                                       December 31, 2022                                          component          component         under PAA                 flows               risk      cash flows     Total
                                                                                                       (2,125)                  –              730               (138)                   –             –     (1,533)

PART A
                                       Opening assets
                                       Opening liabilities                                           140,178                181              2,963             14,155                 595           (162)   157,910
                                       Opening liabilities on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders                                 65,253                    –                 –                  –                   –             –     65,253
                                       Net opening balance                                           203,306                181              3,693             14,017                 595           (162)   221,630

                                       Changes in the statements of earnings and
                                        of comprehensive income
                                       Insurance revenue                                              (19,632)                  –                 –                  –                   –             –    (19,632)
                                       Insurance service expenses
                                         Incurred claims and other insurance
                                           service expenses                                                  –               (26)            8,848              5,396                 344              –     14,562
                                         Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows                 637                   –                 –                  –                   –             –       637
                                         Losses and reversal of losses on onerous
                                           contracts                                                         –                61                  –                  –                   –             –        61
                                         Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                      –                  –              (66)               377                (299)             –        12
                                                                                                          637                 35             8,782              5,773                  45              –     15,272
                                       Investment components                                           (9,018)                  –            6,072              2,946                    –             –          –
                                       Total changes in insurance service result                      (28,013)                35           14,854               8,719                  45              –     (4,360)
                                       Net finance (income) expenses from
                                        insurance contracts                                           (27,956)               (16)            4,370             (1,359)                 (88)            –    (25,049)
                                       Effect of movement in exchange rates                               127                  1                27               (139)                  (7)            –          9
                                       Total changes in the statements of earnings
                                         and of comprehensive income                                  (55,842)                20           19,251               7,221                  (50)            –    (29,400)

                                       Cash flows
                                       Premiums received                                              30,502                    –                 –                  –                   –             –     30,502
                                       Incurred claims paid and other insurance service
                                         expenses paid                                                    (55)                  –          (19,362)            (8,280)                   –             –    (27,697)
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows                                  (832)                  –                 –                  –                   –             –       (832)
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows transferred from
                                         the asset for insurance acquisition
                                         cash flows at initial recognition                                (98)                  –                 –                  –                   –             –        (98)
                                       Other cash flows [1]                                               898                   –                 –                  –                   –             –       898
                                       Total cash flows                                               30,415                    –          (19,362)            (8,280)                   –             –      2,773

                                       Asset for acquisition cash flows
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows paid in
                                         the year                                                            –                  –                 –                  –                   –          (107)      (107)
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to
                                         groups of insurance contracts recognized in
                                         the year                                                            –                  –                 –                  –                   –            98        98
                                       Total changes in asset for acquisition cash flows                     –                  –                 –                  –                   –            (9)        (9)

                                       Other movements        [2]                                      (2,982)                  –              (19)                (28)                  –             –     (3,029)
                                       Impact of acquisitions / dispositions [3]                          174                   –                 –                  –                   –             –       174

                                       Net closing balance [4]                                       175,071                201              3,563             12,930                 545           (171)   192,139

                                       Recorded in:
                                         Closing assets                                                (1,275)                 2               197                 (64)                  –             –     (1,140)
                                         Closing liabilities                                         118,505                199              3,366             12,994                 545           (171)   135,438
                                         Closing liabilities on account of
                                           segregated fund policyholders                              57,841                    –                 –                  –                   –             –     57,841
                                       Net closing balance [4]                                       175,071                201              3,563             12,930                 545           (171)   192,139
                                       [1] Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
                                           policy loans.
                                       [2] Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other
                                           than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
                                       [3] On April 1, 2022, Lifeco completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential. The contributions of the acquired business to Lifeco’s
                                           overall results have been presented separately for the comparative year.
                                       [4] Included in the insurance contract balances are loans to policyholders of $8,999 million and funds withheld of $4,105 million.



                                              A  160                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


ANALYSIS BY MEASUREMENT COMPONENT FOR INSURANCE CONTRACTS NOT MEASURED UNDER PAA




                                                                                                                                                                            POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                         Estimates of            Risk
                                                                                                     present value of   adjustment for
                                                                                                               future    non-financial
December 31, 2023                                                                                          cash flows             risk           CSM              Total

Opening assets                                                                                               (4,271)             515            2,773             (983)

                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A
Opening liabilities                                                                                        105,278             6,036          11,361          122,675
Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                              57,841                 –                –          57,841
Net opening balance                                                                                        158,848             6,551          14,134          179,533

Changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income
Changes that relate to current service
 CSM recognized for services provided                                                                              –                –          (1,224)          (1,224)
 Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                 –             (611)               –            (611)
 Experience adjustments                                                                                         214                 1                –             215
Changes that relate to future service
 Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                  (1,037)             358              688                9
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                        (11)              91             (80)                –
 Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on
  onerous contracts                                                                                               56               15                –              71
Changes that relate to past service
 Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                                                                   (45)              (2)               –             (47)
Total changes in insurance service result                                                                      (823)             (148)           (616)          (1,587)
Net finance (income) expenses from insurance contracts                                                       14,058              591              152           14,801
Effect of movement in foreign exchange rates                                                                     (22)              32              78               88
Total changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income                                      13,213              475             (386)          13,302

Cash flows
Premiums received                                                                                            19,144                 –                –          19,144
Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid                                              (21,654)                –                –         (21,654)
Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                               (755)                –                –            (755)
Other cash flows [1]                                                                                            897                 –                –             897
Total cash flows                                                                                             (2,368)                –                –          (2,368)

Other movements [2]                                                                                            (157)                –                –            (157)
Net closing balance                                                                                        169,536             7,026          13,748          190,310


Recorded in:
 Closing assets                                                                                              (6,560)           1,654            3,796           (1,110)
 Closing liabilities                                                                                       115,794             5,372            9,952         131,118
 Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                             60,302                 –                –          60,302
Net closing balance                                                                                        169,536             7,026          13,748          190,310
[1] Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
    policy loans.
[2] Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other
    than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A  161
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


                                                                                                                                                   Estimates of              Risk




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                               present value of     adjustment for
                                                                                                                                                         future      non-financial
                                       December 31, 2022                                                                                             cash flows               risk          CSM              Total

                                       Opening assets                                                                                                   (7,289)              2,376        3,609            (1,304)
                                       Opening liabilities                                                                                            127,643                7,067        9,447          144,157


PART A
                                       Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                  65,253                      –          –          65,253
                                       Net opening balance                                                                                            185,607                9,443       13,056          208,106

                                       Changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income
                                       Changes that relate to current service
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                   –                    –     (1,169)          (1,169)
                                        Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                      –              (638)            –             (638)
                                        Experience adjustments                                                                                             140                     1           –              141
                                       Changes that relate to future service
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                      (1,138)                   385       766                13
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                           (958)              (112)       1,069                 (1)
                                        Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on
                                         onerous contracts                                                                                                   21                   21           –               42
                                       Changes that relate to past service
                                        Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                                                                       (68)                   1           –              (67)
                                       Total changes in insurance service result                                                                        (2,003)               (342)         666            (1,679)
                                       Net finance (income) expenses from insurance contracts                                                          (21,211)             (2,497)         116           (23,592)
                                       Effect of movement in foreign exchange rates                                                                        254                    (83)         2              173
                                       Total changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income                                         (22,960)             (2,922)         784           (25,098)

                                       Cash flows
                                       Premiums received                                                                                                18,672                      –          –          18,672
                                       Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid                                                  (19,417)                     –          –          (19,417)
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                    (746)                    –          –             (746)
                                       Fee transfers from the segregated fund                                                                               (52)                    –          –              (52)
                                       Other cash flows [1]                                                                                                936                      –          –              936
                                       Total cash flows                                                                                                    (607)                    –          –             (607)

                                       Other movements        [2]
                                                                                                                                                        (3,042)                     –          –           (3,042)
                                       Impact of acquisitions / dispositions [3]                                                                           (150)                  30        294               174
                                       Net closing balance                                                                                            158,848                6,551       14,134          179,533


                                       Recorded in:
                                        Closing assets                                                                                                  (4,271)                   515     2,773              (983)
                                        Closing liabilities                                                                                           105,278                6,036       11,361          122,675
                                        Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                 57,841                      –          –          57,841
                                       Net closing balance                                                                                            158,848                6,551       14,134          179,533
                                       [1] Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
                                           policy loans.
                                       [2] Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other
                                           than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
                                       [3] On April 1, 2022, Lifeco completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential. The contributions of the acquired business to Lifeco’s
                                           overall results have been presented separately for the comparative year.




                                              A  162                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


COMPOSITION OF INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND RELATED SUPPORTING ASSETS




                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The composition of insurance contract liabilities and reinsurance contract assets and liabilities, as well as investment contract
liabilities of Lifeco by business is as follows:
                                                                                   Assets                                   Liabilities
                                                                Insurance     Reinsurance    Insurance    Investment     Reinsurance


                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
December 31, 2023                                                contracts       contracts    contracts     contracts       contracts

Participating
 Canada                                                                   –             –     50,499               –                 –
 United States                                                            –             –       5,032              –                 –
 Europe                                                                   –             –         124              –                 –
 Capital and Risk Solutions                                               –             –         671              –                 –
Non-participating
 Canada                                                               400          1,243      30,956          3,931              208
 United States                                                        291         12,243      13,047         83,966              163
 Europe                                                               331          3,713      39,266            341              250
 Capital and Risk Solutions                                           171            133        4,793           681                27
                                                                    1,193         17,332     144,388         88,919              648


                                                                                   Assets                                   Liabilities
                                                                Insurance     Reinsurance    Insurance    Investment     Reinsurance
December 31, 2022                                                contracts       contracts    contracts     contracts       contracts

Participating
 Canada                                                                  –              –     46,127               –                 –
 United States                                                           –              –       5,161              –                 –
 Europe                                                                  –              –         126              –                 –
 Capital and Risk Solutions                                              –              –         656              –                 –
Non-participating
 Canada                                                               408          1,211      28,931          3,635              164
 United States                                                        245         12,624      13,508         90,139              167
 Europe                                                               322          3,639      35,544            323              226
 Capital and Risk Solutions                                           165              97       5,385           713               (20)
                                                                    1,140         17,571     135,438         94,810              537




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             A  163
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


                                       The composition of the assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities and equity of Lifeco by business is as




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       follows:
                                                                                                 Mortgage                                 Investment
                                       December 31, 2023                                 Bonds       loans             Shares              properties          Other      Total

                                       Participating liabilities
                                        Canada

PART A
                                                                                        22,726    12,503               9,853                   4,662            755     50,499
                                        United States                                    4,299        500                187                         –           46      5,032
                                        Europe                                             56            –                 41                       3            24       124
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                        570           5                    –                       –           96       671
                                       Non-participating liabilities
                                        Canada                                          21,408      4,244              2,782                     644           5,809    34,887
                                        United States                                   53,381    11,760               1,301                         –        30,571    97,013
                                        Europe                                          25,738      6,707                467                   2,113           4,582    39,607
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                       4,938        488                    –                       –           48      5,474
                                       Other                                            11,448      1,483                164                         –       436,977   450,072
                                       Total equity                                     12,487        724                938                     448          15,254    29,851
                                       Total carrying value                            157,051    38,414              15,733                   7,870         494,162   713,230


                                       Fair value                                      157,051    37,915              15,667                   7,870         494,162   712,665


                                                                                                 Mortgage                                 Investment
                                       December 31, 2022 [1]                             Bonds       loans             Shares              properties          Other      Total

                                       Participating liabilities
                                        Canada                                          20,006    12,049               9,194                   4,876              2     46,127
                                        United States                                    4,366        552                137                         –          106      5,161
                                        Europe                                             54            –                 46                       8            18       126
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                        553           7                    –                       –           96       656
                                       Non-participating liabilities
                                        Canada                                          20,610      3,851              2,707                     685           4,713    32,566
                                        United States                                   60,783    12,456                 873                         –        29,535   103,647
                                        Europe                                          23,512      6,082                388                   2,345           3,540    35,867
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                       5,343        216                    –                       –          539      6,098
                                       Other                                            10,023      1,128                  79                        –       401,933   413,163
                                       Total equity                                     10,841        856                877                     430          15,791    28,795
                                       Total carrying value                            156,091    37,197              14,301                   8,344         456,273   672,206


                                       Fair value                                      156,091    36,582              14,273                   8,344         456,273   671,563
                                       [1] Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.


                                       Cash flows of assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities are matched within reasonable limits. Changes
                                       in the fair values of these assets are largely offset by changes in the fair value of insurance and investment contract liabilities.
                                       Changes in the fair values of assets backing capital and surplus, less related income taxes, would result in a corresponding
                                       change in surplus over time in accordance with Lifeco’s investment accounting policies.




                                              A  164                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


EFFECT ON MEASUREMENT COMPONENTS OF INSURANCE CONTRACTS INITIALLY RECOGNIZED IN THE YEAR




                                                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                           Profitable                 Onerous
                                                                                                           contracts                  contracts
December 31, 2023                                                                                             issued                    issued                    Total

Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                   465                      46                    511
Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                          11,710                         88               11,798

                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                  12,175                       134                12,309
Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                  (13,208)                     (138)               (13,346)
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                             338                      20                    358
CSM                                                                                                                690                      (2)                   688
Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                                              (5)                     14                       9


                                                                                                           Profitable                 Onerous
                                                                                                           contracts                  contracts
December 31, 2022                                                                                             issued                    issued                    Total

Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                   343                      64                    407
Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                          10,753                       526                11,279
Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                  11,096                       590                11,686
Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                  (12,155)                     (669)               (12,824)
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                             296                      89                    385
CSM                                                                                                                755                      11                    766
Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                                              (8)                     21                      13


Lifeco did not acquire any insurance contracts held through transfer or business combination.

MATURITY ANALYSIS OF INSURANCE AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD
The following table shows the undiscounted expected future cash outflows (inflows) for insurance and reinsurance contracts
held by expected timing based on best estimate actuarial assumptions and excludes amounts from insurance contract
liabilities on account of segregated fund holders. Whole life individual insurance products have expected cash flows for
several decades in the future. Examples of cash outflows are payment of claims and expenses, and examples of cash inflows
are premiums.
                                                               1 year                                                                           Over
December 31, 2023                                              or less        1-2 years    2-3 years   3-4 years          4-5 years           5 years             Total

Insurance contracts
Insurance contract liabilities                                 7,815              4,180      4,150       4,331              4,602          434,966          460,044
Insurance contract assets                                       (674)              (675)      (633)       (577)              (534)            (7,892)        (10,985)
                                                               7,141              3,505      3,517       3,754              4,068          427,074          449,059

Reinsurance contracts held
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                             15               110           96          85                 69                (41)            334
Reinsurance contract held assets                                (407)               (94)        (70)        (83)               (76)           (3,258)         (3,988)
                                                                (392)               16           26           2                 (7)           (3,299)         (3,654)




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  165
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


                                                                                    1 year                                                                                Over




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       December 31, 2022                            or less   1-2 years         2-3 years         3-4 years          4-5 years          5 years          Total

                                       Insurance contracts
                                       Insurance contract liabilities               6,685       3,355              3,274             3,524                3,615       395,405         415,858
                                       Insurance contract assets                     (592)       (499)              (480)              (430)               (387)        (3,056)         (5,444)
                                                                                    6,093       2,856              2,794             3,094                3,228       392,349         410,414

PART A                                 Reinsurance contracts held
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities         (107)         (29)               (33)              (32)                (31)            644           412
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets              (392)       (120)                (83)              (87)                (99)        (3,532)         (4,313)
                                                                                     (499)       (149)              (116)              (119)               (130)        (2,888)         (3,901)


                                       AMOUNT OF INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES PAYABLE ON DEMAND
                                       The amounts from insurance contract liabilities that are payable on demand are set out below. The amounts payable on
                                       demand include the cash surrender value and/or the account value less applicable surrender charges payable. Insurance
                                       contract liabilities held on account of segregated fund holders are excluded from the amounts payable on demand and
                                       carrying amounts.
                                                                                                                                                            December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                  2022

                                       Amounts payable on demand                                                                                                   61,367              58,426
                                       Carrying amounts                                                                                                            93,324              85,805


                                       EXPECTED REMAINING CSM RECOGNITION
                                                                                                                                                            December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                  2022

                                       1 year or less                                                                                                               1,138               1,139
                                       1-2 years                                                                                                                    1,051               1,060
                                       2-3 years                                                                                                                     972                  972
                                       3-4 years                                                                                                                     898                  899
                                       4-5 years                                                                                                                     827                  832
                                       5-10 years                                                                                                                   3,241               3,336
                                       Over 10 years                                                                                                                5,621               5,896
                                                                                                                                                                   13,748              14,134


                                       EXPECTED DERECOGNITION OF THE ASSET FOR INSURANCE ACQUISITION CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                            December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                  2023                  2022

                                       1 year or less                                                                                                                 30                   29
                                       1-2 years                                                                                                                      28                   27
                                       2-3 years                                                                                                                      26                   25
                                       3-4 years                                                                                                                      24                   23
                                       4-5 years                                                                                                                      20                   21
                                       5-10 years                                                                                                                     46                   46
                                                                                                                                                                     174                  171




                                             A  166                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


CSM




                                                                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The concentration of insurance risk of Lifeco by business is as follows:

                                                                                         Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                       Participating
                                                                                                                                                            account


                                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
                                                                                                                 Capital                                  surplus in
                                                                                    United                      and Risk                  Segregated         Lifeco’s
December 31, 2023                                                  Canada           States        Europe       Solutions          Total        funds    subsidiaries [1]      Total [2]

CSM, beginning of year, January 1, 2023                              1,264               41        2,771          1,796         5,872         3,557           3,694        13,123
 CSM recognized for services provided                                 (143)               (4)        (234)         (154)          (535)        (430)           (157)       (1,122)
 Contracts initially recognized in the year                              41                –         284             49           374           181             111           666
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM [3]                           (40)             (12)        325               –          273           (37)           (490)          (254)
 Net finance (income) expenses from
   insurance contracts                                                   37                –           49            37           123            16                 –         139
 Effect of movement in exchange rates                                      –              (1)          60            17             76           11               (4)           83
CSM, end of year, December 31, 2023                                  1,159               24        3,255          1,745         6,183         3,298           3,154        12,635
[1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
[2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.
[3] Included in the changes in estimates that adjust the CSM is a $73 million reclassification of CSM between segregated funds and non-participating products, excluding
    segregated funds. There is no change in overall CSM from this reclassification.



                                                                                         Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                       Participating
                                                                                                                                                            account
                                                                                                                 Capital                                  surplus in
                                                                                    United                      and Risk                  Segregated         Lifeco’s
December 31, 2022                                                  Canada           States        Europe       Solutions          Total        funds    subsidiaries [1]      Total [2]

CSM, beginning of year, January 1, 2022                              1,679               25        2,524          1,691         5,919         3,432           2,629        11,980
 CSM recognized for services provided                                 (166)               (4)        (194)         (152)          (516)        (419)           (139)       (1,074)
 Contracts initially recognized in the year [3]                         44                 –         224            100           368           537             102         1,007
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                             (328)              13          238            133             56          (24)          1,081         1,113
 Net finance (income) expenses from
   insurance contracts                                                  35                (1)          26            29             89             –                –           89
 Effect of movement in exchange rates                                      –              8           (47)            (5)          (44)          31               21              8
CSM, end of year, December 31, 2022                                  1,264               41        2,771          1,796         5,872         3,557           3,694        13,123
[1] Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
[2] The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.
[3] On April 1, 2022, Lifeco completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential Financial, Inc. The acquisition included $294 million of
    CSM which has been included in the contracts initially recognized in the year category.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               A  167
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


                                       INSURANCE RISK




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Actuarial Assumptions
                                       In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of
                                       mortality/morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of
                                       elective policy options or provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a risk

PART A
                                       adjustment for non-financial risk. The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that Lifeco requires
                                       for bearing uncertainty in the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows. Risk adjustments for non-financial risk are
                                       reviewed periodically by Lifeco for continued appropriateness.
                                       Lifeco measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for reinsurance held using assumptions that are
                                       consistent with those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance
                                       contracts, with an adjustment for any non-performance by the reinsurer.
                                       Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discount rates derived from a reference portfolio
                                       or stochastic modelling at the end of the reporting period. Lifeco’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that
                                       market participants would consider and make maximum use of observable market data.
                                       The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined below:

                                       Actuarial assumptions     Methods

                                       Mortality                 A life insurance mortality study is carried out regularly for each major block of insurance business. The results of
                                                                 each study are used to update Lifeco’s experience valuation mortality tables for that business. Annuitant mortality
                                                                 is also studied regularly and the results are used to modify established annuitant mortality tables. When there is
                                                                 insufficient data, use is made of the latest industry experience to derive an appropriate valuation mortality
                                                                 assumption. Improvement scales for life insurance and annuitant mortality are updated periodically based on
                                                                 population and industry studies, product-specific considerations, as well as professional guidance. In addition,
                                                                 appropriate provisions have been made for future mortality deterioration on term insurance.

                                       Morbidity                 Lifeco uses industry-developed experience tables modified to reflect emerging Lifeco experience. Both claim
                                                                 incidence and termination are monitored regularly, and emerging experience is factored into the current valuation.

                                       Expenses                  Expenses for certain items, such as sales commissions and policy taxes and fees are either contractual or specified
                                                                 by law, and so they are only reflected on a best estimate basis in the liability. Operating expenses, such as policy
                                                                 and claims administration as well as overhead, are more variable. Lifeco produces expense studies for operating
                                                                 expenses regularly to determine an appropriate estimate of future operating expenses for the liability type being
                                                                 valued. An inflation assumption is incorporated in the estimate of future operating expenses held within the
                                                                 liability.

                                       Policy termination        Studies to determine rates of policy termination are updated regularly to form the basis of this estimate. Industry
                                                                 data is also available and is useful where Lifeco has no experience with specific types of policies or its exposure is
                                                                 limited. Lifeco’s most significant exposures are in respect of the T-100 and Level Cost of Insurance Universal Life
                                                                 products in Canada and policy renewal rates at the end of term for renewable term policies in Canada and Capital
                                                                 and Risk Solutions. Industry experience has guided Lifeco’s assumptions for these products as its own experience
                                                                 is very limited.

                                       Property and casualty     Insurance contract liabilities for property and casualty reinsurance written by Capital and Risk Solutions are
                                       reinsurance               determined using accepted actuarial practices for property and casualty insurers in Canada. The insurance
                                                                 contract liabilities are based on cession statements provided by ceding companies. In addition, insurance contract
                                                                 liabilities also include an amount for incurred but not reported losses, which may differ significantly from the
                                                                 ultimate loss development. The estimates and underlying methodology are continually reviewed and updated,
                                                                 and adjustments to estimates are reflected in net earnings. Capital and Risk Solutions analyzes the emergence of
                                                                 claims experience against expected assumptions for each reinsurance contract separately and at the portfolio
                                                                 level. If necessary, a more in-depth analysis is undertaken of the cedant experience.

                                       Utilization of elective   There are a wide range of elective options embedded in the policies issued by Lifeco. Examples include term
                                       policy options            renewals, conversion to whole life insurance (term insurance), settlement annuity purchase at guaranteed rates
                                                                 (deposit annuities) and guarantee resets (segregated fund maturity guarantees). The assumed rates of utilization
                                                                 are based on Lifeco or industry experience when it exists and otherwise based on judgment considering incentives
                                                                 to utilize the option. Generally, whenever it is clearly in the best interests of an informed policyholder to utilize an
                                                                 option, then it is assumed to be elected.




                                             A  168                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


Actuarial assumptions       Methods




                                                                                                                                                              POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Policyholder dividends Future policyholder dividends and other adjustable policy features are included in the determination of insurance
and adjustable policy contract liabilities with the assumption that policyholder dividends or adjustable benefits will change in the future
features               in response to the relevant experience. The dividend and policy adjustments are determined consistent with
                       policyholders’ reasonable expectations, such expectations being influenced by the participating policyholder
                       dividend policies and/or policyholder communications, marketing material and past practice. It is Lifeco’s

                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
                       expectation that changes will occur in policyholder dividend scales or adjustable benefits for participating or
                       adjustable business, respectively, corresponding to changes in the best estimate assumptions, resulting in an
                       immaterial net change in insurance contract liabilities. Where underlying guarantees may limit the ability to pass all
                       of this experience back to the policyholder, the impact of this non-adjustability on net earnings is reflected in the
                       impacts of changes in best estimate assumptions below.

Investment returns          Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold. Lifeco utilizes a formal
                            process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets and
                            liabilities into Lifeco’s business. Assets in each business are managed in relation to the liabilities in the business.
                            The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of
                            financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets
                            and the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities lead to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net
                            earnings under IFRS 17 and IFRS 9.

Insurance and               In determining Lifeco’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of
Investment contract         mortality/morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of
liabilities                 utilization of elective policy options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging
                            experience or change in outlook, the result is a change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the
                            Corporation’s earnings.


Non-Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
INSURANCE RISK
                                                                                                           Net earnings                             CSM [1]
                                                                                               Before             Net of        Before             Net of
December 31, 2023                                                                         reinsurance   reinsurance held   reinsurance   reinsurance held

2% life mortality increase                                                                      (100)              (100)         (375)              (200)
2% annuity mortality decrease                                                                   175                150           (700)              (625)
5% morbidity adverse change                                                                     (150)              (125)         (225)              (100)
5% expense increase                                                                                 –                 –          (150)              (150)
10% adverse change in policy termination and renewal                                              50                 50        (1,025)              (950)


                                                                                                           Net earnings                             CSM [1]
                                                                                               Before             Net of        Before             Net of
December 31, 2022                                                                         reinsurance   reinsurance held   reinsurance   reinsurance held

2% life mortality increase                                                                        50                 25          (550)              (325)
2% annuity mortality decrease                                                                   200                200           (725)              (650)
5% morbidity adverse change                                                                      (75)              (100)         (275)              (125)
5% expense increase                                                                                 –                 –          (175)              (175)
10% adverse change in policy termination and renewal                                            150                150         (1,125)            (1,100)
[1] The impacts to the CSM are pre-tax.



These sensitivities reflect the impact on net earnings and CSM of an immediate change in assumptions on the value of
insurance and reinsurance contracts held and investment contracts. The impact on equity is equal to the net earnings impact.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                   A  169
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 11 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)


                                       Under IFRS 17, assumption changes on insurance risk directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM. The impact of




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       assumption changes on CSM are measured at locked-in discount rates, for contracts measured under the GMM. Net earnings
                                       impacts arise from any differences relative to the fair value impact of assumption changes impacting CSM, as well as
                                       assumption changes on contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance contracts). For assumption changes
                                       impacting CSM, there is a second-order impact to earnings which captures the present value difference between the impact
                                       of assumption changes measured at prevailing discount rates and locked-in discount rates. In general, prevailing discount

PART A
                                       rates are currently higher than locked-in rates for Lifeco’s insurance contracts, as most locked-in rates for the calculation of
                                       CSM impacts were determined at January 1, 2022 for the in-force portfolio. Therefore, an unfavourable change in assumptions
                                       on insurance risk, leading to a liability-strengthening offset by CSM reduction, also results in a positive earnings impact in the
                                       period due to the fair value impact.
                                       Concentration risk may arise from geographic regions, accumulation of risks and market risk.

                                       REINSURANCE RISK
                                       Maximum limits per insured life benefit amount (which vary by Lifeco’s line of business) are established for life and health
                                       insurance, and reinsurance is purchased for amounts in excess of those limits.
                                       Reinsurance costs and recoveries as defined by the reinsurance agreement are reflected in the valuation with these costs and
                                       recoveries being appropriately calibrated to the direct assumptions.
                                       Reinsurance contracts do not relieve Lifeco from its obligations to policyholders. Failure of reinsurers to honour their
                                       obligations could result in losses to Lifeco. Lifeco evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers to minimize its exposure to
                                       significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies.
                                       Certain of the reinsurance contracts are on a funds-withheld basis where Lifeco retains the assets supporting the reinsured
                                       insurance contract liabilities, thus minimizing the exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvency on those contracts.

                                       Discount Rates
                                       The following tables provide the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by Lifeco to discount liability cash
                                       flows by major currency:
                                       December 31, 2023                                            Year 1          Year 5           Year 10            Year 20     Year 30   Year 50
                                                 Lower                                              6.0%            4.5%              4.4%               4.3%        4.2%      4.5%
                                       CAD
                                                 Upper                                              6.4%            4.9%              4.9%               4.9%        4.8%      4.9%
                                                 Lower                                              5.7%            4.8%              4.8%               5.3%        4.9%      4.7%
                                       USD
                                                 Upper                                              6.1%            5.2%              5.3%               5.8%        5.4%      5.0%
                                                 Lower                                              3.2%            2.1%              2.2%               2.5%        2.9%      4.3%
                                       EUR
                                                 Upper                                              4.8%            3.6%              3.8%               4.1%        4.2%      4.5%
                                                 Lower                                              4.9%            3.8%              4.0%               4.7%        4.6%      3.7%
                                       GBP
                                                 Upper                                              5.9%            4.8%              5.1%               5.7%        5.6%      4.7%


                                       December 31, 2022                                            Year 1          Year 5           Year 10            Year 20     Year 30   Year 50
                                                 Lower                                               5.9%           4.8%               4.8%                  4.9%    4.7%      5.0%
                                       CAD
                                                 Upper                                               6.3%           5.3%               5.3%                  5.3%    5.2%      5.1%
                                                 Lower                                               5.9%           5.3%               5.1%                  5.6%    5.2%      4.9%
                                       USD
                                                 Upper                                               6.3%           5.7%               5.5%                  6.0%    5.6%      5.0%
                                                 Lower                                               2.5%           2.8%               2.8%                  2.9%    3.1%      4.3%
                                       EUR
                                                 Upper                                               4.2%           4.5%               4.5%                  4.6%    4.5%      4.6%
                                                 Lower                                               4.0%           4.2%               4.3%                  4.6%    4.4%      3.8%
                                       GBP
                                                 Upper                                               5.3%           5.4%               5.5%                  5.9%    5.7%      5.1%


                                       The spot rates in the tables above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
                                       interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
                                       rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.




                                             A  170                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 12 REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD

ANALYSIS BY REMAINING COVERAGE AND INCURRED CLAIMS




                                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                               Asset for remaining coverage                                     Asset for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                       Contracts under PAA
                                                        Excluding loss                  Loss                            Estimates of                   Risk
                                                             recovery               recovery    Contracts not       present value of        adjustment for
December 31, 2023                                         component               component       under PAA        future cash flows      non-financial risk            Total

Opening assets                                                 16,212                    76              952                   320                      11         17,571                                     PART A
Opening liabilities                                               (760)                    –             223                      –                       –             (537)
Net opening balance                                            15,452                    76            1,175                   320                      11         17,034

Changes in the statements of earnings
  and of comprehensive income
Net expenses from reinsurance
  contracts                                                     (3,676)                  28            1,319                   784                        1         (1,544)
Investment components                                             (107)                    –             107                      –                       –                –
Net finance income (expenses) from
  reinsurance contracts, excluding the
  effect of changes in non-performance
  risk of reinsurers                                               184                    6               34                      –                       –             224
Effect of movement in exchange rates                              (189)                    –              11                      3                       –             (175)
Total changes in the statements of
  earnings and of comprehensive
  income                                                        (3,788)                  34            1,471                   787                        1         (1,495)

Cash flows
Premiums paid                                                    6,930                     –                –                     –                       –         6,930
Incurred claims received and other
  insurance service amounts received                                  –                    –          (1,426)                 (861)                       –         (2,287)
Other cash flows [1]                                            (3,341)                    –                –                     –                       –         (3,341)
Total cash flows                                                 3,589                     –          (1,426)                 (861)                       –         1,302

Other movements        [2]
                                                                  (157)                    –                –                     –                       –             (157)
Net closing balance [3]                                        15,096                   110            1,220                   246                      12         16,684


Recorded in:
 Closing assets                                                15,981                    90            1,002                   247                      12         17,332
 Closing liabilities                                              (885)                  20              218                     (1)                      –             (648)
Net closing balance [3]                                        15,096                   110            1,220                   246                      12         16,684
[1] Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
[2] Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other
    than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
[3] Included in the reinsurance contracts held amounts are funds withheld by Lifeco under reinsurance contracts of $4,491 million.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  171
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 12 REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)


                                                                                                    Asset for remaining coverage                                            Asset for incurred claims




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                  Contracts under PAA
                                                                                              Excluding loss               Loss                                    Estimates of                   Risk
                                                                                                   recovery            recovery           Contracts not        present value of        adjustment for
                                       December 31, 2022                                        component            component              under PAA         future cash flows      non-financial risk     Total

                                       Opening assets                                               20,425                   65                   1,003                    342                       8    21,843

PART A
                                       Opening liabilities                                           (1,314)                   –                      24                      –                      –    (1,290)
                                       Net opening balance                                          19,111                   65                   1,027                    342                       8    20,553

                                       Changes in the statements of earnings
                                         and of comprehensive income
                                       Net expenses from reinsurance
                                         contracts                                                   (3,538)                 17                   1,196                    788                       6    (1,531)
                                       Investment components                                            (63)                   –                      63                      –                      –         –
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from
                                         reinsurance contracts, excluding the
                                         effect of changes in non-performance
                                         risk of reinsurers                                          (1,180)                  (6)                    (50)                   (12)                    (3)   (1,251)
                                       Effect of movement in exchange rates                            737                     –                       5                     (3)                     –      739
                                       Total changes in the statements of
                                         earnings and of comprehensive
                                         income                                                      (4,044)                 11                   1,214                    773                       3    (2,043)

                                       Cash flows
                                       Premiums paid                                                  3,308                    –                        –                     –                      –     3,308
                                       Incurred claims received and other
                                         insurance service amounts received                                –                   –                 (1,034)                  (794)                      –    (1,828)
                                       Other cash flows [1]                                              29                    –                        –                     –                      –        29
                                       Total cash flows                                               3,337                    –                 (1,034)                  (794)                      –     1,509

                                       Other movements [2]                                           (2,952)                   –                     (32)                    (1)                     –    (2,985)
                                       Net closing balance [3]                                      15,452                   76                   1,175                    320                     11     17,034


                                       Recorded in:
                                        Closing assets                                              16,212                   76                     952                    320                     11     17,571
                                        Closing liabilities                                            (760)                   –                    223                       –                      –      (537)
                                       Net closing balance [3]                                      15,452                   76                   1,175                    320                     11     17,034
                                       [1] Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
                                       [2] Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other
                                           than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
                                       [3] Included in the reinsurance contracts held amounts are funds withheld by Lifeco under reinsurance contracts of $1,039 million.




                                              A  172                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 12 REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)


ANALYSIS BY MEASUREMENT COMPONENT FOR REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD NOT MEASURED UNDER PAA




                                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                          Estimates of              Risk
                                                                                                      present value of     adjustment for
                                                                                                                future      non-financial
December 31, 2023                                                                                           cash flows               risk    CSM              Total

Opening assets                                                                                                15,791              1,062      514           17,367

                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
Opening liabilities                                                                                           (1,458)               429      497              (532)
Net opening balance                                                                                           14,333              1,491     1,011          16,835

Changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income
Changes that relate to current service
 CSM recognized for services received                                                                                 –                –     (102)            (102)
 Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                    –             (156)       –             (156)
 Experience adjustments                                                                                             40                (1)       –               39
Changes that relate to future service
 Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                         (85)              69       22                6
 Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                          (332)            158      174                 –
 Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on
  onerous contracts                                                                                                 20                10        –               30
Changes that relate to past service
 Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability for
  incurred claims                                                                                                    (4)              (1)       –               (5)
Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                            (361)              79       94             (188)
Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts, excluding the effect of
  changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                                                                     62              152        13             227
Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                               (181)               7       (5)            (179)
Total changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income                                            (480)            238      102              (140)

Cash flows
Premiums paid                                                                                                  4,834                   –        –           4,834
Incurred claims received and other insurance service amounts received                                         (1,427)                  –        –          (1,427)
Other cash flows [1]                                                                                          (3,341)                  –        –          (3,341)
Total cash flows                                                                                                    66                 –        –               66

Other movements [2]                                                                                                (157)               –        –             (157)
Net closing balance                                                                                           13,762              1,729     1,113          16,604


Recorded in:
 Closing assets                                                                                               16,181                866      163           17,210
 Closing liabilities                                                                                          (2,419)               863      950              (606)
Net closing balance                                                                                           13,762              1,729     1,113          16,604
[1] Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
[2] Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other
    than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                A  173
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 12 REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)


                                                                                                                                                   Estimates of               Risk




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                               present value of     adjustment for
                                                                                                                                                         future      non-financial
                                       December 31, 2022                                                                                             cash flows               risk        CSM            Total

                                       Opening assets                                                                                                   19,427               1,496        705          21,628
                                       Opening liabilities                                                                                              (2,123)                   472     371          (1,280)


PART A
                                       Net opening balance                                                                                              17,304               1,968       1,076         20,348

                                       Changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income
                                       Changes that relate to current service
                                        CSM recognized for services received                                                                                   –                    –      (95)            (95)
                                        Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                      –              (153)          –           (153)
                                        Experience adjustments                                                                                              (54)                    –        –             (54)
                                       Changes that relate to future service
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                         (113)                  74       53              14
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                            (39)                  72       (44)            (11)
                                        Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on
                                         onerous contracts                                                                                                    5                   11         –             16
                                       Changes that relate to past service
                                        Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability for
                                         incurred claims                                                                                                     18                    1         –             19
                                       Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                             (183)                   5       (86)          (264)
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts, excluding the effect of
                                         changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                                                                     (787)              (472)        27          (1,232)
                                       Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                                759                    (10)      (6)           743
                                       Total changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income                                             (211)              (477)        (65)          (753)

                                       Cash flows
                                       Premiums paid                                                                                                      1,231                     –        –          1,231
                                       Incurred claims received and other insurance service amounts received                                            (1,035)                     –        –         (1,035)
                                       Other cash flows [1]                                                                                                  29                     –        –             29
                                       Total cash flows                                                                                                    225                      –        –            225

                                       Other movements [2]                                                                                              (2,985)                     –        –         (2,985)
                                       Net closing balance                                                                                              14,333               1,491       1,011         16,835


                                       Recorded in:
                                        Closing assets                                                                                                  15,791               1,062        514          17,367
                                        Closing liabilities                                                                                             (1,458)                   429     497            (532)
                                       Net closing balance                                                                                              14,333               1,491       1,011         16,835
                                       [1] Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
                                       [2] Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other than
                                           exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                              A  174                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 12 REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)


EFFECT ON MEASUREMENT COMPONENTS OF REINSURANCE CONTRACTS INITIALLY RECOGNIZED IN THE YEAR




                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                  December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                        2023            2022

Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                               882           1,199
Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                               (797)          (1,086)


                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                     (69)             (74)
Income recognized on initial recognition                                                                    6               14
Contractual service margin                                                                                 (22)             (53)

Lifeco did not acquire any reinsurance contracts held through transfer or business combination.

EXPECTED REMAINING CSM RECOGNITION
                                                                                                  December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                        2023            2022

1 year or less                                                                                           (122)              (91)
1-2 years                                                                                                (108)              (82)
2-3 years                                                                                                  (97)             (75)
3-4 years                                                                                                  (86)             (68)
4-5 years                                                                                                  (77)             (61)
5-10 years                                                                                               (266)             (253)
Over 10 years                                                                                            (357)             (381)
                                                                                                        (1,113)         (1,011)



NOTE 13 INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES

Change in investment contract liabilities measured at fair value is as follows:
                                                                                                  December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                        2023            2022

Balance, beginning of year                                                                             94,810          53,694
 Impact of acquired business                                                                                 –         44,905
 Normal change in in-force business                                                                     (9,356)         (1,544)
 Investment experience                                                                                  4,806           (8,454)
 Management actions and changes in assumptions                                                              (9)             (13)
 Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                (1,332)         6,222
Balance, end of year                                                                                   88,919          94,810


All investment contract liabilities are measured at FVPL.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A  175
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 14 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES

                                       Lifeco offers segregated fund products in Canada, the U.S. and Europe that are referred to as segregated funds, separate




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       accounts and unit-linked funds in the respective markets. These funds are contracts issued by insurers to segregated fund
                                       policyholders where the benefit is directly linked to the performance of the investments, the risks or rewards of the fair value
                                       movements and net investment income is realized by the segregated fund policyholders. The segregated fund policyholders
                                       are required to select segregated funds that hold a range of underlying investments. While Lifeco has legal title to the
                                       investments, there is a contractual obligation to pass along the investment results to the segregated fund policyholder. These

PART A
                                       investments are segregated from those of Lifeco itself.
                                       In Canada and the U.S., the segregated fund and separate account assets are legally separated from the general assets of
                                       Lifeco under the terms of the policyholder agreement and cannot be used to settle obligations of Lifeco. In Europe, the assets
                                       of the funds are functionally and constructively segregated from those of Lifeco. As a result of the legal and constructive
                                       arrangements of these funds, the assets of these funds are presented on the balance sheets as investments on account of
                                       segregated fund policyholders and the associated liabilities as investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                       policyholders and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders.
                                       In circumstances where the segregated funds are invested in structured entities and are deemed to control the entity, Lifeco
                                       has presented the non-controlling ownership interest within the segregated funds for the risk of policyholders as equal and
                                       offsetting amounts in the assets and liabilities. The amounts presented within are $6,070 million at December 31, 2023
                                       ($6,388 million at December 31, 2022).
                                       Within the statements of earnings, all segregated fund policyholders’ income, including fair value changes and net investment
                                       income, is credited to the segregated fund policyholders and reflected in the assets and liabilities on account of segregated
                                       fund policyholders within the balance sheets. These revenues and expenses are presented in the statements of earnings
                                       where the contracts with the segregated fund policyholders are classified as insurance contracts.

                                       Segregated Funds Guarantee Exposure
                                       Lifeco offers retail segregated fund products, unitized with profits products and variable annuity products that provide for
                                       certain guarantees that are tied to the market values of the investment funds. While these products are similar to mutual funds,
                                       there is a key difference from mutual funds as the segregated funds have certain guarantee features that protect the
                                       segregated fund policyholder from market declines in the underlying investments. These guarantees are Lifeco’s primary
                                       exposure on these funds. Lifeco accounts for these guarantees within insurance and investment contract liabilities in the
                                       financial statements. In addition to Lifeco’s exposure on the guarantees, the fees earned by Lifeco on these products are
                                       impacted by the market value of these funds.
                                       In Canada, Lifeco offers retail segregated fund products through Canada Life. These products provide guaranteed minimum
                                       death benefits and guaranteed minimum accumulation on maturity benefits.
                                       In the U.S., Lifeco has a mix of open and closed blocks of group variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal
                                       benefits and a closed block of group standalone guaranteed minimum death benefits products which mainly provide return
                                       of premium on death. A block of guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits policies was acquired from Prudential on April 1,
                                       2022.
                                       In Europe, Lifeco offers unitized with profits products in Germany and unit-linked products with investment guarantees in
                                       Ireland. These products are similar to segregated fund products but include minimum credited interest rates and pooling of
                                       policyholders’ funds.
                                       Lifeco also offers guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits products in the U.S. and Germany, and previously offered
                                       guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits products in Canada and Ireland. Certain guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
                                       products offered by Lifeco offer levels of death and maturity guarantees. At December 31, 2023, the amount of guaranteed
                                       minimum withdrawal benefits products in force in Canada, the U.S., Ireland and Germany was $7,343 million ($7,033 million
                                       at December 31, 2022).




                                            A  176                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 14        SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)


The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting




                                                                                                                                                                              POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
requirements of each region of Lifeco’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                                                            2023                  2022 [1]


                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                  15,024                 14,562
Bonds                                                                                                                                      72,111                 69,371
Mortgage loans                                                                                                                               2,022                 2,159
Shares and units in unit trusts                                                                                                           130,415               117,863
Mutual funds                                                                                                                              188,549               168,459
Investment properties                                                                                                                      12,071                 13,035
                                                                                                                                          420,192               385,449
Accrued income                                                                                                                                 832                   692
Other liabilities                                                                                                                           (4,138)               (4,647)
Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                         6,070                 6,388
Total [2]                                                                                                                                 422,956               387,882
[1] Certain comparative figures have been adjusted to conform to the current year's presentation. These adjustments had no impact on the equity or net earnings of the
    Corporation.
[2] At December 31, 2023, $64,097 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Lifeco on a modified co-insurance basis
    ($66,283 million at December 31, 2022). Included in this amount are $72 million of cash and cash equivalents, $11,133 million of bonds, $15 million of shares and units
    in unit trusts, $52,816 million of mutual funds, $89 million of accrued income and $28 million of other liabilities.


INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                      December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                                                            2023                  2022

Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                             60,302                57,841
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                          362,654               330,041
                                                                                                                                          422,956               387,882




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A  177
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 14         SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)


                                       INSURANCE CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Effect on Measurement Components of Contracts Initially Recognized in the Year
                                                                                                                                                          Profitable                 Onerous
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                                            contracts issued          contracts issued                 Total
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                            –                        –                      –


PART A
                                       Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                                    3,367                         –                3,367
                                       Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                            3,367                         –                3,367
                                       Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                            (3,367)                        –                (3,367)
                                       Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                      –                        –                      –
                                       Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                                                      –                        –                      –


                                                                                                                                                          Profitable                 Onerous
                                       December 31, 2022                                                                                            contracts issued          contracts issued                 Total
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                            –                        –                      –
                                       Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                                    4,275                         –                4,275
                                       Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                            4,275                         –                4,275
                                       Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                            (4,275)                        –                (4,275)
                                       Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                      –                        –                      –
                                       Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                                                      –                        –                      –


                                       INVESTMENT AND INSURANCE CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUNDS POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                                          Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                        2023                   2022 [1]

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                   387,882                357,419
                                       Additions (deductions):
                                        Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                         51,236                40,618
                                        Net investment income                                                                                                                          7,333                 8,019
                                        Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                      6,430                 1,082
                                        Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                          33,660               (62,823)
                                        Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                            (1,033)                9,487
                                        Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                     (59,686)              (46,859)
                                        Portfolio transfer (Note 4) / business acquisitions                                                                                           (2,662)               77,700
                                        Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                               54                    64
                                        Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                               14                   (14)
                                        Net transfer (to) from general fund                                                                                                                46                   (74)
                                        Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                            (318)                3,263
                                                                                                                                                                                      35,074                30,463
                                       Balance, end of year                                                                                                                         422,956                387,882
                                       [1] Certain comparative figures have been adjusted to conform to the current year's presentation. These adjustments had no impact on the equity or net earnings of the
                                           Corporation.


                                       INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                       (by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                                                                 December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                Level 1                Level 2            Level 3              Total

                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                   [1]
                                                                                                                                              299,451              113,199               13,792            426,442
                                       [1] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,486 million.


                                                                                                                                                                                                 December 31, 2022 [2]
                                                                                                                                                Level 1                Level 2            Level 3              Total

                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [1]                                            270,892              106,720               14,455            392,067
                                       [1] Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,185 million.
                                       [2] Certain comparative figures have been adjusted to conform to the current year's presentation. These adjustments had no impact on the equity or net earnings of the
                                           Corporation.




                                              A  178                                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 14     SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)


In 2023, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $56 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 ($2,301 million were




                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 at December 31, 2022), primarily based on Lifeco’s change in use of inputs in addition to
quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2 assets include the assets where fair value is not
available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in active markets and
where Lifeco does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.


                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
As at December 31, 2023, $3,912 million ($3,928 million at December 31, 2022) of the segregated funds were invested in
funds managed by IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, subsidiaries of IGM and related parties.
The following presents additional information about Lifeco’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
which Lifeco has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                   December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                         2023               2022
Balance, beginning of year                                                                             14,455              13,822
 Total losses included in segregated fund investment income                                             (1,073)                (310)
 Purchases                                                                                                795               1,011
 Sales                                                                                                    (445)                (366)
 Transfers into Level 3                                                                                   350                  343
 Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                 (290)                 (45)
Balance, end of year                                                                                   13,792              14,455


Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
market prices with multiple pricing vendors.
In addition to the segregated funds, Lifeco has interests in a number of structured unconsolidated entities including mutual
funds, open-ended investment companies, and unit trusts. These entities are created as investment strategies for its unit
holders based on the directive of each individual fund.
Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of Lifeco, which are paid sub-advisory fees at normal market rates for
their services.
Lifeco earns management fees related to managing the segregated fund products. Management fees can be variable due to
the performance of factors, such as markets or industries, in which the fund invests. Fee income derived in connection with
the management of investment funds generally increases or decreases in direct relationship with changes of assets under
management, which is affected by prevailing market conditions, and the inflow and outflow of client assets.
Factors that could cause assets under management and fees to decrease include declines in equity markets, changes in fixed
income markets, changes in interest rates and defaults, redemptions and other withdrawals, political and other economic
risks, changing investment trends and relative investment performance. The risk is that fees may vary but expenses and
recovery of initial expenses are relatively fixed, and market conditions may cause a shift in asset mix potentially resulting in a
change in revenue.
Fee income earned by Lifeco resulting from Lifeco’s interests in segregated funds and other structured entities was
$4,020 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 ($3,911 million in 2022).
Included within other assets (Note 9) at December 31, 2023 is $2,878 million ($2,777 million at December 31, 2022) of
investments by Lifeco in bonds and shares of Empower and other sponsored funds and $160 million ($195 million at
December 31, 2022) of investments in shares of sponsored unit trusts in Europe.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                          A  179
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 15 OBLIGATIONS TO SECURITIZATION ENTITIES

                                       IGM securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC)-sponsored National




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through
                                       Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions do not meet the
                                       requirements for derecognition as IGM retains prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk. Accordingly, IGM has
                                       retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting liabilities for the net proceeds received as
                                       obligations to securitization entities which are carried at amortized cost.

PART A
                                       IGM earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of the CMB
                                       transactions, IGM enters into a swap transaction whereby IGM pays coupons on CMBs and receives investment returns on the
                                       NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this swap, related to the obligation to pay
                                       CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal, and the hedging swap used to manage exposure
                                       to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as derivatives with a negative fair value of $4.8 million at
                                       December 31, 2023 (positive fair value of $1 million in 2022).
                                       All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Programs are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer under
                                       the program. As part of the ABCP transactions, IGM has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement which are recorded
                                       at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP trusts have no recourse to
                                       IGM’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.
                                                                                                                     December 31, 2023                                        December 31, 2022
                                                                                                       Obligations to                                           Obligations to
                                                                                         Securitized    securitization                            Securitized    securitization
                                                                                         mortgages            entities               Net          mortgages            entities            Net

                                       Carrying value
                                        NHA MBS and CMB Programs                             2,409             2,389                  20               2,494             2,460              34
                                        Bank-sponsored ABCP                                  2,314             2,299                  15               2,143             2,150               (7)
                                       Total                                                 4,723             4,688                  35               4,637             4,610              27

                                       Fair value                                            4,691             4,696                   (5)             4,532             4,544             (12)


                                       The carrying value of obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal payments
                                       received on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs are amortized
                                       over the life of the obligation using an effective interest rate method.


                                       NOTE 16 POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                                     December 31, 2023        December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                  Carrying        Fair      Carrying       Fair
                                                                                                                                                     value       value         value      value

                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                        8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                           150         200             150      199
                                        4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                         249         245             249      232
                                        4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                           248         225             248      219

                                       Total Power Corporation                                                                                        647         670             647      650


                                       There are no principal repayments on debentures in each of the next five years.

                                       The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At December 31,
                                       2023 and 2022, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                                               A  180                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 17 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

A) POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM




                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM. The
6.90% debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
debentures and other debt instruments of Lifeco and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Lifeco or its subsidiaries, as
applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of IGM and are non-

                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                              December 31, 2023      December 31, 2022
                                                                                           Carrying        Fair   Carrying         Fair
                                                                                              value       value      value        value

POWER FINANCIAL
Debentures – unsecured
 6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                          250          275       250          283

Total Power Financial                                                                         250          275       250          283

LIFECO
Debentures and senior bonds – unsecured
  2.50% senior bonds due April 18, 2023 (€500 million) [1]                                        –           –      725          724
  1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) [1]                                  728          703       722          665
  3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                     499          483       498          467
  6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                         100          109       100          108
  4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) [1]                                 726          784       721          744
  2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                          598          540       597          507
  6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                      196          229       196          223
  6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                         395          461       395          447
  5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                     343          396       343          372
  2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                          494          388       494          342
  7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)              156          179       157          177
                                                                                             4,235       4,272      4,948       4,776

Other debt Instruments – unsecured
 Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rate of
   5.729% (4.628% at December 31, 2022)                                                       132          132       135          135
 Revolving credit facility with interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR
   (US$45 million) (US$50 million at December 31, 2022)                                         60          60         67           67
 Non-revolving credit facility with interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR (US$500 million
   at December 31, 2022)                                                                          –           –      675          675
 0.904% senior notes due August 12, 2025 (US$500 million)                                     663          621       672          600
 1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                  530          475       538          451
 4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                        398          388       403          380
 1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                      530          429       537          406
 4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                         917          787       930          729
 4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                        659          597       669          555
 3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                  922          643       935          588
                                                                                             4,811       4,132      5,561       4,586

Total Lifeco                                                                                 9,046       8,404    10,509        9,362
[1] Designated by Lifeco as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A  181
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 17 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                                                                                                                              December 31, 2023        December 31, 2022




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                          Carrying          Fair    Carrying        Fair
                                                                                                                                             value         value       value       value

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                 400          386        400          375

PART A
                                         6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                125          133        125          133
                                         7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                      150          173        150          171
                                         7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                175          202        175          196
                                         7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                    150          174        150          169
                                         6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                200          226        200          213
                                         4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                 200          192        200          177
                                         4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                250          225        250          206
                                         4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                   200          182        200          166
                                         4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                  250          227        250          208
                                         5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                    300          333            –           –
                                       Debentures of IGM held by Lifeco as investments                                                         (88)          (88)       (88)        (85)

                                       Total IGM                                                                                             2,312         2,365      2,012       1,929

                                       Total Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                               11,608         11,044    12,771       11,574


                                       LIFECO
                                       On April 18, 2023, Lifeco repaid the principal amount of its maturing 2.50% €500 million senior bonds, together with accrued
                                       interest.

                                       Capital Trust Debentures
                                       Canada Life Capital Trust (CLCT), a trust established by Canada Life, had issued $150 million of Canada Life Capital Securities
                                       – Series B (CLiCS – Series B), the proceeds of which were used by CLCT to purchase Canada Life senior debentures in the
                                       amount of $150 million.
                                       Distributions and interest on the capital trust debentures are classified as financing charges in the statements of earnings
                                       (Note 27). The fair value for capital trust securities is determined by the bid-ask price.
                                       Subject to regulatory approval, CLCT may redeem the CLiCS – Series B, in whole or in part, at any time.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       On May 26, 2023, IGM issued $300 million aggregate principal amount 5.426% debentures, maturing on May 26, 2053.
                                       In addition, in 2023, Schedule I Canadian chartered banks provided IGM with a non-revolving credit facility of $550 million.
                                       IGM drew on the facility during 2023 and repaid the balance prior to year-end. Interest rates on the credit facility fluctuate
                                       with Canadian bankers’ acceptances.




                                            A  182                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 17 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)


CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM




                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
cash and non-cash changes.
                                                                                                  December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                        2023             2022


                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
Balance, beginning of the year                                                                        12,771           11,066
 Issue of debentures and senior bonds                                                                    300               691
 Increase in other debt instruments                                                                      611             1,101
 Repayment of senior bonds                                                                               (735)                –
 Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                    (1,284)             (495)
 Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                              (55)             408
Balance, end of year                                                                                  11,608           12,771


The principal repayments on debentures and other debt instruments in each of the next five years and thereafter are as
follows:

2024                                                                                                                       192
2025                                                                                                                       665
2026                                                                                                                       730
2027                                                                                                                     1,024
2028                                                                                                                       999
Thereafter                                                                                                               8,053




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                      A  183
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 17 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                       B) ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER – PROJECT AND OTHER DEBT




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following table presents the other debt instruments held by alternative asset investment platforms and other. All other
                                       debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of the
                                       Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                                      December 31, 2023      December 31, 2022


PART A
                                                                                                                                                  Carrying         Fair   Carrying        Fair
                                                                                                                                                     value        value      value       value

                                       OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
                                       Investment Funds and Other – secured
                                         Revolving credit facility up to $10 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.15%                        3          3         24          24
                                         Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate minus
                                          0.35% (US$63 million) (US$10 million at December 31, 2022)                                                    84          84         13          13
                                         Revolving credit facility up to $525 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.6%,
                                          U.S. base rate plus 0.6% or SOFR plus 1.6% (US$160 million) ($1 million and US$35 million
                                          at December 31, 2022)                                                                                        211         211         48          48
                                         Revolving credit facility up to $12 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                        1          1           –           –
                                         Senior loan due in June 2029, with interest equal to Euribor plus 1% (€20 million)                               –           –        28          28
                                       Renewable Energy – Project debt – secured
                                         Construction loan facilities due from January 2024 to December 2043, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 4.02% to 4.72%, SOFR plus 2.25% and U.S. base rate plus 1.25%
                                          ($518 million and US$220 million) ($361 million and US$186 million at December 31,
                                          2022)                                                                                                        809         854       613          620
                                         Loan facilities due from June 2024 to December 2037, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 3.33% to 6.0%                                                                             521         490       560          519
                                         Loan facilities due from March 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 3.62% to 6.50% and prime rate plus 1.5%
                                          ($639 million and US$19 million) ($322 million and US$19 million at December 31, 2022)                       664         633       348          302
                                         Loan facilities due from June 2025 to March 2048, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 2.73% to 6.89% and SOFR plus 2.25% (US$307 million)
                                          (US$109 million at December 31, 2022)                                                                        405         401       148          150
                                         Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                              91          86         94          88
                                       Standalone Businesses – secured
                                         Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in November 2025 bearing interest at
                                          various rates equal to U.S. base rate or prime rate plus margin from 1.0% to 3.25%                           163         164         80          80
                                         Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 12.0%, principal and accrued
                                          interest payable at maturity in June 2026                                                                     65          66           –           –

                                       Total alternative asset investment platforms and other                                                       3,017         2,993     1,956       1,872




                                            A  184                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 17 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)


RENEWABLE ENERGY




                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
During the third quarter of 2023, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) issued non-recourse senior
notes of US$202 million, bearing interest at a rate of 6.89% and maturing in March 2048. The proceeds were used to reimburse
certain construction and loan facilities which bore interest at various variable rates (SOFR plus 2.25% and U.S. base rate plus
1.25%). Also, PSEIP increased its credit facility by $200 million to $525 million, of which $200 million is only available by way
of letters of credit.
                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
cash changes.
                                                                                                     December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                           2023            2022

Balance, beginning of the year                                                                             1,956           1,467
 Acquisitions                                                                                               181                25
 Derecognition                                                                                               (28)              (46)
 Increase in other debt instruments                                                                        1,559              621
 Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                         (604)             (135)
 Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                 (47)              24
Balance, end of year                                                                                       3,017           1,956


The principal repayments on other debt instruments in each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:

2024                                                                                                                          751
2025                                                                                                                          277
2026                                                                                                                          193
2027                                                                                                                          129
2028                                                                                                                          127
Thereafter                                                                                                                 1,600




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         A  185
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 18 OTHER LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                                                                                     December 31,   December 31,




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                           2023           2022

                                       Accounts payable                                                                                                                                    3,954          3,675
                                       Bank overdraft                                                                                                                                       243            274
                                       Dividends and interest payable                                                                                                                       525            545
                                       Income taxes payable                                                                                                                                 154            162

PART A
                                       Deferred income reserves                                                                                                                             256            293
                                       Deposits and certificates [1]                                                                                                                       8,713          5,978
                                       Pension and other post-employment benefits [Note 28]                                                                                                 979            928
                                       Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                    740            916
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                                                              1,833          1,697
                                       Other                                                                                                                                               8,971          7,700
                                                                                                                                                                                         26,368         22,168
                                       [1] Deposits and certificates are primarily offset by client funds on deposit included in other assets (Note 9).


                                       Other liabilities of $21,977 million as at December 31, 2023 ($17,315 million as at December 31, 2022) are expected to be
                                       settled within 12 months.

                                       LEASE LIABILITIES
                                       The changes in the lease liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                     December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                           2023           2022

                                       Lease liabilities, beginning of year                                                                                                                 916            886
                                        Additions                                                                                                                                           117            122
                                        Modifications                                                                                                                                        (30)             2
                                        Lease payments                                                                                                                                      (120)          (144)
                                        Interest                                                                                                                                              28             35
                                        Transfer to liabilities held for sale                                                                                                               (157)             –
                                        Change in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                           (14)            15
                                       Lease liabilities, end of year                                                                                                                       740            916


                                       The table below presents the contractual undiscounted cash flows for lease obligations in each of the next five years and
                                       thereafter:

                                       2024                                                                                                                                                                117
                                       2025                                                                                                                                                                 99
                                       2026                                                                                                                                                                 94
                                       2027                                                                                                                                                                 91
                                       2028                                                                                                                                                                 79
                                       Thereafter                                                                                                                                                          509
                                       Total undiscounted lease liabilities at December 31, 2023                                                                                                           989




                                              A  186                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 INCOME TAXES

INCOME TAXES




                                                                                                                                                              POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The components of the income tax expense recognized in the statements of earnings are:
                                                                                                                                Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                               2023                  2022




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
Current taxes                                                                                                                  748                   752

Deferred taxes
 Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                             (485)                 (118)
 Derecognition of previously recognized tax losses, tax credits and temporary differences                                          –                  21
 Change in tax rates and other                                                                                                     –                   (9)
                                                                                                                               (485)                 (106)
                                                                                                                               263                   646


The following table shows current and deferred taxes relating to items not recognized in the statements of earnings:
                                                                                                  December 31, 2023                     December 31, 2022
                                                                                          Other                                Other
                                                                                  comprehensive                        comprehensive
                                                                                        income               Equity          income                Equity

Current tax expense (recovery)                                                              42                   (1)           (157)                    (1)
Deferred tax expense                                                                        37                   1               77                     7
                                                                                            79                    –             (80)                    6


EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
The Corporation’s effective income tax rate is derived as follows:
                                                                                                                                 Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                               2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                  %                     %
Combined statutory Canadian federal and provincial tax rates                                                                   26.5                  26.5
Increase (decrease) in the income tax rate resulting from:
  Non-taxable investment income                                                                                                 (6.1)                 (4.8)
  Different tax rates applicable in local and foreign jurisdictions                                                            (12.4)                 (6.7)
  Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                   (3.1)                 (0.4)
  Other                                                                                                                         1.8                   0.2
Effective income tax rate                                                                                                       6.7                  14.8




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             A  187
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 19 INCOME TAXES (continued)


                                       DEFERRED TAXES




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Composition and changes in net deferred taxes are as follows:
                                                                                                          Insurance
                                                                                                                 and       Investments
                                                                                                        investment                 and                                               Defined
                                                                                                            contract     investments in      Loss carry       Intangible              benefit      Tax credits


PART A
                                       For the year ended December 31, 2023                                liabilities       associates       forwards            assets               plans        and other             Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                           (3,064)             2,163            1,711            (1,167)                 10              566             219
                                       Recognized in
                                        Statements of earnings                                               1,098               (667)              (43)             (38)                  4              131             485
                                        Statements of comprehensive income                                          –              (63)               –                 –                 41               (15)            (37)
                                        Statements of changes in equity                                             –                –               (6)                –                  –                 5              (1)
                                       Foreign exchange rate changes and other                                 (761)              967               (14)              49                  31              (260)             12
                                       Balance, end of year                                                 (2,727)             2,400            1,648            (1,156)                 86              427             678


                                                                                                          Insurance
                                                                                                                 and       Investments
                                                                                                        investment                 and                                               Defined
                                                                                                            contract     investments in      Loss carry       Intangible              benefit      Tax credits
                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022                                liabilities       associates       forwards            assets               plans        and other             Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                               752            (1,413)           1,484            (1,184)               227               352             218
                                       Recognized in
                                        Statements of earnings [1]                                          (3,658)             3,493              142               (46)                (42)             138               27
                                        Statements of comprehensive income                                          –               96                –                 –              (177)                 4             (77)
                                        Statements of changes in equity                                             –                –               (7)               (4)                 –                 4              (7)
                                       Business acquisitions                                                     (90)               (4)               –             127                    1               35               69
                                       Foreign exchange rate changes and other                                   (68)               (9)             92               (60)                  1               33              (11)
                                       Balance, end of year                                                 (3,064)             2,163            1,711            (1,167)                 10              566             219
                                       [1] Includes net deferred tax expenses of $79 million related to discontinued operations.



                                                                                                                                                                                        December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                              2023                      2022

                                       Presented on the balance sheets as follows:
                                        Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                                     1,894                   1,505
                                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                (1,216)                (1,286)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  678                    219


                                       Management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries assess the recoverability of the deferred tax asset carrying values
                                       based on future years’ taxable income projections and believes the carrying values of the deferred tax assets as of
                                       December 31, 2023 are recoverable.
                                       At December 31, 2023, a deferred tax asset of $1,545 million ($1,619 million at December 31, 2022) is recognized by Lifeco
                                       on tax loss carry forwards totalling $7,021 million. Of this amount, $4,522 million expires between 2026 and 2043, while
                                       $2,499 million has no expiry date. Lifeco will realize this benefit in future years through a reduction in current income taxes
                                       payable.




                                              A  188                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 19 INCOME TAXES (continued)


One U.S. subsidiary of Lifeco has had a history of losses. The subsidiary has a net deferred tax asset balance of $499 million




                                                                                                                                     POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(US$376 million) as at December 31, 2023, composed principally of net operating losses. Management of Lifeco has
concluded that it is probable that the subsidiary and other historically profitable subsidiaries with which it files or intends to
file a consolidated U.S. income tax return will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize the unused U.S. losses and
deductions.
As at December 31, 2023, the Corporation and its subsidiaries have non-capital losses of $2,085 million ($1,944 million in

                                                                                                                                                                   PART A
2022) available to reduce future taxable income for which the benefits have not been recognized. Of this amount,
$1,966 million expires from 2024 to 2043, while $119 million has no expiry date. In addition, the Corporation and its
subsidiaries have capital loss carry forwards of $593 million ($559 million in 2022) to offset future capital gains for which the
benefits have not been recognized. Of this amount, $96 million expires in 2028 and $497 million can be used indefinitely.
As at December 31, 2023, the Corporation and its subsidiaries have deductible temporary differences of $710 million
($621 million in 2022) for which the benefits have not been recognized. As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, no deferred tax
liability was recognized in respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and jointly controlled
corporations as the Corporation and its subsidiaries are able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
In December 2021, the OECD published the Pillar Two model rules outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax
regime. A number of countries in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate, including Ireland, Germany and the
U.K., have enacted legislation which will be effective for the Corporation and its subsidiaries as of January 1, 2024. Canada
and Barbados have published draft legislation which is not substantively enacted but when enacted, is expected to be
effective for the Corporation and its subsidiaries as of January 1, 2024.
The global minimum tax is very complex in nature and will require significant interpretation of each country's new legislation.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries have performed a preliminary assessment and have identified potential exposure to Pillar
Two income taxes, mainly in respect of Lifeco’s operations in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the
statutory tax rate is below 15%. Based on this preliminary assessment, the Corporation expects an increase in the effective
income tax rate; however, it is not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  189
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 20 SHARE CAPITAL

                                       AUTHORIZED




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
                                       unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

                                       ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING

PART A
                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2023                              December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                      Number                      Share              Number                  Share
                                                                                                                      of shares                  capital             of shares              capital
                                                                                                                                                      $                                          $
                                       Non-Participating Shares
                                       First Preferred Shares
                                         Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
                                           Series A                                                               6,000,000                        150             6,000,000                  150
                                           Series B                                                               8,000,000                        200             8,000,000                  200
                                           Series C                                                               6,000,000                        150             6,000,000                  150
                                           Series D                                                              10,000,000                        250            10,000,000                  250
                                           Series G                                                               8,000,000                        200             8,000,000                  200
                                       Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                              950                                        950

                                       Participating Shares
                                       Participating Preferred Shares                                            54,860,866                        233            54,860,866                  233
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares
                                        Balance, beginning of year                                              612,219,731                      9,253           621,756,088                9,370
                                          Issued under Stock Option Plan                                          1,273,542                         42             1,683,043                   52
                                          Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid             (16,105,400)                      (244)          (11,219,400)                (169)
                                         Balance, end of year                                                   597,387,873                      9,051           612,219,731                9,253

                                       Total Participating Shares                                                                                9,284                                      9,486


                                       Non-Participating Shares
                                       During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Corporation redeemed all 86,100 of its outstanding Cumulative Redeemable
                                       First Preferred Shares, 1986 Series for $50.00 per share.
                                       The following First Preferred Shares series are entitled to fixed non-cumulative preferential cash dividends payable quarterly.
                                       The Corporation may redeem for cash the First Preferred Shares in whole or in part, at the Corporation’s option, with all
                                       declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The dividends and redemption terms are as follows:
                                                                                                    Cash dividends                 Earliest issuer                                     Redemption
                                       First Preferred Shares                                     payable quarterly                redemption date                                          price
                                                                                                          ($/share)                                                                       ($/share)
                                       Non-cumulative, fixed rate
                                        Series A, 5.60%                                                 0.350000                   Currently redeemable                                     25.00
                                        Series B, 5.35%                                                 0.334375                   Currently redeemable                                     25.00
                                        Series C, 5.80%                                                 0.362500                   Currently redeemable                                     25.00
                                        Series D, 5.00%                                                 0.312500                   Currently redeemable                                     25.00
                                        Series G, 5.60%                                                 0.350000                   Currently redeemable                                     25.00




                                              A  190                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 20    SHARE CAPITAL (continued)


Participating Shares




                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Participating Preferred Shares are entitled to ten votes per share; and, subject to the rights of holders of the First Preferred
Shares, to a non-cumulative dividend of 0.938¢ per share per annum before dividends on the Subordinate Voting Shares and
have the further right to participate, share and share alike, with the holders of the Subordinate Voting Shares in any dividends
that may be paid with respect to the Subordinate Voting Shares.


                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
Subordinate Voting Shares are entitled to one vote per share. In 2023, 1,273,542 Subordinate Voting Shares (1,683,043 in
2022) were issued under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $38 million ($47 million in
2022).
Dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares in 2023 were $2.10 per share ($1.98 per share in 2022).

Normal Course Issuer Bids
On February 28, 2022, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 27,
2023. During the three months ended March 31, 2023, no Subordinate Voting Shares were purchased for cancellation by the
Corporation pursuant to this NCIB (11,219,400 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $415 million in 2022 under the NCIB
programs).
On March 1, 2023, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 29, 2024 and the
date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 30 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
approximately 5.4% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 22, 2023) at market prices.
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Corporation purchased for cancellation 16,105,400 Subordinate Voting
Shares pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $583 million.
The Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased for cancellation. The
excess paid over the average carrying value of share capital was $339 million and was recognized as a reduction to retained
earnings ($246 million in 2022).
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
Subsequent event
On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2025 and the date
on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to this bid,
the Corporation may purchase up to 25 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing approximately
4.6% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 16, 2024) at market prices. At March 20, 2024,
the Corporation has repurchased 2,443,800 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $94 million under the NCIB programs.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         A  191
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 21 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

                                       STOCK OPTION PLAN




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       There are 20,817,101 Subordinate Voting Shares and 10,177,189 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved for issuance under
                                       Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock Option Plan, assumed by
                                       Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans). The plans require that the exercise price of the option must not be less than the
                                       market value of a share on the date of the grant of the option.

PART A
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSAR or TSARs),
                                       as at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and changes during the respective years ended is as follows:
                                                                                                                                            2023                                        2022
                                                                                                                              Weighted-average                             Weighted-average
                                                                                                                Options           exercise price              Options          exercise price
                                                                                                                                                $                                          $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                                      25,567,243                      31.86           27,556,547                 31.30
                                        Granted                                                             1,284,026                      34.54             670,304                  38.34
                                        Exercised or surrendered for cash                                   (3,313,542)                    28.98           (2,658,043)                27.70
                                        Forfeited and expired                                                    (4,996)                   36.93               (1,565)                38.34
                                       Outstanding, end of year                                            23,532,731                      32.41           25,567,243                 31.86

                                       Options exercisable, end of year                                    18,418,324                      31.76           18,576,247                 31.10


                                       The following table summarizes information about stock options, including TSARs, outstanding at December 31, 2023:
                                                                                                                           Options outstanding                           Options exercisable
                                                                      Expiry                         Weighted-average       Weighted-average                              Weighted-average
                                       Range of exercise prices        date                Options       remaining life         exercise price                Options         exercise price
                                       $                                                                           (yrs)                        $                                          $
                                       29.91 – 32.78                      2024           2,642,005                  0.5                   31.47             2,642,005                 31.47
                                       31.79 – 36.53                      2025           3,578,439                  1.2                   34.47             3,128,439                 34.50
                                       27.30 – 30.79                      2026           2,693,490                  2.2                   30.00             2,693,490                 30.00
                                       29.61 – 33.68                      2027           2,472,527                  3.2                   32.80             2,472,527                 32.80
                                       28.51 – 34.54                      2028           3,314,440                  4.3                   29.74             3,229,994                 29.62
                                       31.12 – 31.84                      2029           3,257,515                  5.3                   31.40             3,257,515                 31.40
                                       34.23                              2030           2,985,422                  6.1                   34.23               994,354                 34.23
                                       33.30 – 42.45                      2031             659,112                  7.2                   33.47                     –                     –
                                       38.34                              2032             665,596                  8.2                   38.34                     –                     –
                                       34.54                              2033           1,264,185                  9.2                   34.54                     –                     –
                                                                                        23,532,731                  3.9                   32.41            18,418,324                 31.76




                                             A  192                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 21     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)


TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS




                                                                                                                                                           POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s Stock Option Plans provide for the granting of TSARs in connection with options granted thereunder, at or
after the time of grant of such options. A TSAR entitles the optionee to surrender to the Corporation, unexercised, the right
to subscribe for a Subordinate Voting Share pursuant to the related option and to receive from the Corporation cash in an
amount equal to the excess of the market value of a Subordinate Voting Share over the subscription price under the related
option.
A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and changes                                                                  PART A
during the respective years ended is as follows:
                                                                                          2023                                                   2022
                                                               Weighted-average      Fair value                   Weighted-average          Fair value
                                                    TSARs          exercise price    of liability       TSARs         exercise price        of liability
                                                                                 $             $                                    $                 $
Outstanding, beginning of year               12,646,606                     31.15            39              –                      –                 –
 Attached to outstanding options                          –                      –             –    13,621,606               30.87                  93
 Surrendered for cash                         (2,040,000)                   28.24           (14)      (975,000)              27.25                 (14)
 Change in fair value                                     –                      –           42              –                      –              (40)
Outstanding, end of year                     10,606,606                     31.71            67     12,646,606               31.15                  39

TSARs exercisable, end of year               10,156,606                     31.60                   10,813,886               30.87


In 2022, the Corporation reclassified 13,621,606 options as cash-settled share-based payments and recognized a liability for
the corresponding vested TSARs which is measured at fair value at each reporting period. The reclassification as cash-settled
share-based payments resulted in a decrease to retained earnings and to the share-based compensation reserve of
$54 million and $39 million, respectively.
The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $67 million at December 31, 2023 ($39 million at December 31,
2022) and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at December 31, 2023 was $66 million ($17 million
at December 31, 2022).
The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions:
                                                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                          2023                2022

Dividend yield                                                                                                                5.4%                5.7%
Expected volatility                                                                                                17.8% – 21.5%        16.0% – 21.6%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                               3.5% – 4.7%         3.7% – 4.9%
Expected life (years)                                                                                                   0.4 – 5.3          0.4 – 6.3
Share price ($/share)                                                                                                      37.89              31.85
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                 31.71              31.15
Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                      6.32                 3.08


The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of a portion of its cash-settled
share-based payments and related liability. For the year ended December 31, 2023, a net loss of $14 million (net gain of
$20 million in 2022) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of
the derivative instruments, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                          A  193
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 21    SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)


                                       COMPENSATION EXPENSE




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       During the year ended December 31, 2023, Power Corporation granted 1,284,026 options (670,304 options in 2022) under
                                       its Executive Stock Option Plan. Generally, the options vest on the basis of [i] the first 50%, three years from the date of the
                                       grant and [ii] the remaining 50% four years from the date of the grant.
                                       The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-

PART A
                                       average assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                            2023     2022

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                         5.9%     5.7%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                                   18.2%    17.7%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                2.7%     2.4%
                                       Expected life (years)                                                                                                  9.0      9.0
                                       Fair value ($/option)                                                                                                 2.41     2.46
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                           34.54    38.34


                                       The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
                                       expected option life.
                                       Lifeco, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to certain
                                       officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation plans.
                                       Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options or the
                                       fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. Total compensation expense relating
                                       to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries amounted to $100 million in 2023
                                       ($107 million in 2022) and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.

                                       PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT PLAN
                                       Power Corporation established a Performance Share Unit (PSU) Plan for selected employees and officers (participants) to
                                       assist in retaining and further aligning the interests of participants with those of the shareholders. Under the terms of the Plan,
                                       PSUs may be awarded annually and are subject to time and performance vesting conditions. The value of each PSU is based
                                       on the share price of the Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares. The PSUs are cash settled and vest over a three-year
                                       period. Participants can elect at the time of grant to receive a portion of their PSUs in the form of performance deferred share
                                       units (PDSUs) which also vest over a three-year period. PDSUs are redeemable when a participant is no longer an employee
                                       of the Corporation or any of its affiliates, or in the event of the death of the participant, by a lump-sum cash payment based
                                       on the value of the PDSU at that time. Additional PSUs and PDSUs are issued in respect of dividends payable on the
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares based on the value of the PSU or PDSU at the dividend payment date. At December 31, 2023, the
                                       carrying value of the PSU liability was $36 million ($31 million at December 31, 2022) and is recorded within other liabilities.




                                            A  194                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 21     SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)


DEFERRED SHARE UNIT PLAN




                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Power Corporation established a Deferred Share Unit (DSU) Plan for its Directors to promote a greater alignment of interests
between Directors and shareholders of the Corporation. Under this Plan, Directors participating in the Plan will receive half of
their annual retainer in the form of DSUs and may elect to receive the remainder of their annual retainer entirely in the form
of DSUs, entirely in cash, or equally in cash and DSUs. The number of DSUs granted is determined by dividing the amount of
remuneration payable by the three-day-average closing price on the Toronto Stock Exchange of the Subordinate Voting
                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
Shares of the Corporation on the last three days of the fiscal quarter (the value of a DSU). A Director will receive additional
DSUs in respect of dividends payable on the Subordinate Voting Shares, based on the value of the DSU at the dividend
payment date. A DSU is payable, at the time a Director’s membership on the Board is terminated (provided the Director is not
then a director, officer or employee of an affiliate of the Corporation), or in the event of the death of a Director, by a lump-
sum cash payment, based on the value of the DSU at that time. At December 31, 2023, the value of the DSUs outstanding was
$44 million ($33 million at December 31, 2022) and was recorded within other liabilities. Alternatively, directors may
participate in a Share Purchase Plan for Directors.

EMPLOYEE SHARE PURCHASE PROGRAM
Power Corporation established an Employee Share Purchase Program, giving employees the opportunity to subscribe for up
to 6% of their gross salary to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation on the open market. Power Corporation
invests, on the employee’s behalf, up to an equal amount.

OTHER SHARE-BASED AWARDS OF SUBSIDIARIES
Power Financial and other subsidiaries of the Corporation have also established other share-based awards and performance
share unit plans (plans) for their directors, management and employees. Some of these plans are cash settled and included
within other liabilities. Total compensation expense related to these subsidiary plans amounted to $204 million in 2023
($67 million in 2022) and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings.


NOTE 22 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

The carrying value of non-controlling interests consists of the following:
                                                                                                      Power
December 31, 2023                                                                 Lifeco    IGM    Financial   Other            Total

Common shareholders                                                               6,643    2,015          –     567         9,225
Preferred shareholders                                                            2,720        –     2,830         –        5,550
Participating account surplus                                                     2,847        –          –        –        2,847
Limited recourse capital notes                                                    1,500        –          –        –        1,500
                                                                                 13,710    2,015     2,830      567        19,122


                                                                                                      Power
December 31, 2022                                                                 Lifeco    IGM    Financial   Other            Total

Common shareholders                                                               6,449    1,963          –     507         8,919
Preferred shareholders                                                            2,720        –     2,830         –        5,550
Participating account surplus                                                     2,734        –          –        –        2,734
Limited recourse capital notes                                                    1,500        –          –        –        1,500
                                                                                 13,403    1,963     2,830      507        18,703




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         A  195
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 22 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)


                                       The changes in non-controlling interests are as follows:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                Power
                                       December 31, 2023                                               Lifeco                IGM             Financial           Other         Total

                                       Non-controlling interests, beginning of year (restated)        13,403               1,963                 2,830            507        18,703
                                        Impact of initial application of IFRS 9 [Note 3]                   (9)                   –                     –                –        (9)


PART A
                                       Restated non-controlling interests, beginning of year          13,394               1,963                 2,830            507        18,694
                                        Net earnings (losses) attributable to
                                          non-controlling interests                                      931                 242                  138                 (23)    1,288
                                        Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to
                                          non-controlling interests                                      139                  (37)                     –               9       111
                                        Dividends                                                       (699)                (182)                (138)                 –    (1,019)
                                        Issuance of equity instruments,
                                          net of repurchase of common shares                              14                   18                      –          161          193
                                        Effect of changes in ownership interest and other                 (69)                 11                      –              (87)     (145)
                                       Non-controlling interests, end of year                         13,710               2,015                 2,830            567        19,122


                                                                                                                                                Power
                                       December 31, 2022                                               Lifeco                IGM             Financial           Other         Total

                                       Non-controlling interests, beginning of year                   14,158               1,903                 2,830            498        19,389
                                        Impact of initial application of IFRS 17 and
                                          IFRS 9 overlay [Note 3]                                      (1,110)                (45)                     –                –    (1,155)
                                       Restated non-controlling interests, beginning of year          13,048               1,858                 2,830            498        18,234
                                        Net earnings (losses) attributable to
                                          non-controlling interests                                    1,087                 305                  135                 (98)    1,429
                                        Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to
                                          non-controlling interests                                     (113)                  28                      –               6        (79)
                                        Dividends                                                       (667)                (182)                (135)                 –      (984)
                                        Issuance of equity instruments,
                                          net of repurchase of common shares                              43                  (71)                     –               85        57
                                        Effect of changes in ownership interest and other                   5                  25                      –               16        46
                                       Non-controlling interests, end of year                         13,403               1,963                 2,830            507        18,703


                                       Financial information of Lifeco and IGM as at and for the year ended December 31, 2023 can be obtained from their publicly
                                       available financial statements. Summarized financial information for Lifeco and IGM is as follows:
                                                                                                                                        2023                                   2022
                                                                                                                Lifeco                   IGM                 Lifeco            IGM

                                       Balance sheet
                                         Assets                                                            713,230                   18,663                672,206           18,738
                                         Liabilities                                                       683,379                   11,943                643,411           12,608
                                         Equity                                                             29,851                    6,720                 28,795            6,130

                                       Comprehensive income
                                         Net earnings                                                           2,891                  1,153                 3,638              873
                                         Other comprehensive income (loss)                                        261                     (30)                  (27)           (496)

                                       Cash flows
                                         Operating activities                                                 5,203                      837                 3,772              738
                                         Financing activities                                                (3,550)                    (204)                 (620)          (1,092)
                                         Investing activities                                                  (786)                  (1,161)               (2,218)             135




                                             A  196                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 23 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

POWER CORPORATION




                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
  provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
  provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
    and other investments as opportunities arise;

                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
  maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
    capital;
  maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
  maintain available cash and cash equivalents at a minimum of two times fixed charges.
The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders or issue capital.
The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent capital.
The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and fixed income
securities for liquidity purposes.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
management.
The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Lifeco and certain of its
main subsidiaries, IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital
requirements and they manage their capital as described below.

LIFECO
Lifeco manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary
objectives of Lifeco’s capital management strategy are:
  to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
    regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
  to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Lifeco ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
  to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Lifeco’s operational risks and
    strategic plans.
The target level of capitalization for Lifeco and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability
of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by
various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Lifeco, and the desire to hold sufficient
capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Lifeco with a high degree of confidence.
Management of Lifeco is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the
capital plan.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  197
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 23 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                       Lifeco’s subsidiaries Canada Life, Empower and entities based in Europe are subject to minimum regulatory capital




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       requirements.
                                         In Canada, the OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies
                                           incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital
                                           Adequacy Test (LICAT). The LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital
                                           defined by OSFI as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum

PART A
                                           of available capital, surplus allowance and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a supervisory target total ratio of 100%,
                                           and a supervisory minimum total ratio of 90%. Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT ratio at December 31, 2023 was 128%.
                                         For entities based in Europe, the local solvency capital regime is the Solvency II basis. At December 31, 2023 and 2022,
                                           all Lifeco’s European regulated entities met the capital and solvency requirements as prescribed under Solvency II.
                                         Empower is subject to the risk-based capital regulatory regime in the U.S.
                                         Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of Lifeco are required to comply with local capital or solvency
                                           requirements in their respective jurisdictions. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, Lifeco maintained capital levels above
                                           the minimum local regulatory requirements in each of its other foreign operations.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
                                       which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
                                       management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
                                       a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
                                       conditions.
                                       IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
                                       investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.
                                       The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers,
                                       exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are
                                       required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At
                                       December 31, 2023 and 2022, IGM subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

                                       ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
                                       Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
                                       order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
                                       liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital
                                       requirements.




                                            A  198                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT

The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,




                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
monitor, report and mitigate material risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related
to financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
    they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.


                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
  Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails to
    meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit
    spreads on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
  Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
    investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
    risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
     Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
      operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
      different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
     Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest
      rates.
     Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
      volatility in equity markets.
Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries internal models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
net earnings will be as indicated.
The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other (other subsidiaries) are discussed. Risks related to Lifeco
and IGM are discussed in subsequent sections.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             A  199
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                       POWER CORPORA TION, POWER FINANCIAL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       P LA TFORMS AND OTHER

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       Power Corporation is a holding company. As such, the holding company’s cash flows are principally derived from dividends

PART A
                                       received from its subsidiaries and income from investments, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes and
                                       payment of dividends to its participating and non-participating shareholders. As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability
                                       to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries and other
                                       investments. Lifeco and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
                                       regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s subsidiaries are also subject to minimum
                                       capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating
                                       subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the Corporation in future periods remains at the
                                       discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and
                                       creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well as on their ability to pay dividends.
                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial regularly review their liquidity requirements and seek to maintain sufficient levels of
                                       liquidities to meet their operating expenses, financing charges and payment of preferred share dividends for a reasonable
                                       period of time, as defined in their policies. The ability of Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries to arrange
                                       additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing market conditions as well as the business performance
                                       and risk profile of Power Corporation, Power Financial and their subsidiaries.
                                       Liquidity is also available through the Corporation’s lines of credit with Canadian banks. The Corporation has a committed
                                       line of credit of $500 million. The Corporation also maintains an uncommitted line of credit of $100 million, and any advances
                                       are at the bank’s sole discretion. At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Corporation was not utilizing its committed line of
                                       credit or uncommitted line of credit. Other subsidiaries also have committed lines of credit of $651 million with Canadian and
                                       U.S. banks ($315 million was undrawn at December 31, 2023).
                                       Principal repayments on debentures and other debt instruments, and pension funding (other than those of Lifeco and IGM
                                       discussed below) represent the only significant contractual liquidity requirements. Contractual maturities of certain liabilities
                                       were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                 Payments due by period
                                                                                                                  1 year                                          Over
                                       December 31, 2023                                                          or less               1–5 years               5 years    Total

                                       Deposits and certificates                                                 5,369                          –                     –   5,369
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                       –                        –                  650     650
                                       Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                           751                      726                 1,850    3,327
                                       Future lease payments                                                         34                      121                   324     479
                                       Pension contributions                                                         15                         –                     –      15
                                                                                                                 6,169                       847                 2,824    9,840


                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
                                       liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ management of liquidity risk has not changed materially since
                                       December 31, 2022.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Fixed income securities and derivatives are subject to credit risk. Power Corporation and Power Financial manage credit risk
                                       on their fixed income securities by adhering to an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits
                                       by defining admissible securities, minimum ratings and concentration limits.
                                       Fixed income securities, which are included in investments and in cash and cash equivalents, consist primarily of bonds,
                                       bankers’ acceptances and highly liquid temporary deposits with Canadian chartered banks and banks in jurisdictions where
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries operate, as well as bonds and short-term securities of, or
                                       guaranteed by, the Canadian or U.S. governments. Power Corporation and Power Financial regularly review the credit ratings
                                       of their counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is their carrying value.




                                             A  200                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


Derivatives can also be used to mitigate foreign exchange or equity exposures. Power Corporation and Power Financial




                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
regularly review the credit ratings of derivative financial instrument counterparties. Derivative contracts are over-the-counter
with counterparties that are highly rated financial institutions.
Other subsidiaries are also exposed to credit risk through derivative contracts used to hedge interest rate risk or mitigate
foreign exchange exposures. Other subsidiaries regularly review the credit ratings of their counterparties. The exposure to
credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and                                          PART A
cash equivalents, fixed income securities and derivatives have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.

MARKET RISK
Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans, investment funds and
hedge funds), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

Foreign Exchange Risk
In managing their own cash and cash equivalents as well as fixed income securities, Power Corporation, Power Financial and
other subsidiaries may hold cash balances denominated in foreign currencies and thus be exposed to fluctuations in
exchange rates. In order to protect against such fluctuations, Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries may
from time to time enter into currency-hedging transactions with highly rated financial institutions. As at December 31, 2023,
approximately 62% (75% as at December 31, 2022) of Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and
cash equivalents and fixed income securities were denominated in Canadian dollars.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or as FVPL.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI, resulting from foreign exchange rate variations, are recorded
in other comprehensive income and reclassified directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on
investments classified as FVPL, resulting from foreign exchange rate variations, are recorded directly in net earnings. As at
December 31, 2023, the impact of a 5% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would result in an
unrealized loss recorded in other comprehensive income or a loss recorded in net earnings of approximately $20 million and
$65 million, respectively. Power Corporation’s and Power Financial’s debentures are denominated in Canadian dollars.
Power Corporation has net investments in foreign operations. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and
losses from net investments in foreign operations are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening
of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar and Chinese renminbi spot rates impacts the Corporation’s total
equity.
Power Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in GBL held through Parjointco as its functional currency
is the euro. Foreign currency translation gains and losses on this investment are recorded in other comprehensive income. As
at December 31, 2023, the impact of a 5% increase (decrease) in Canadian currency relative to the foreign currency would
decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of the foreign investment by approximately $185 million ($163 million in
2022).

Interest Rate Risk
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments do not have significant exposure to interest
rate risk.

Equity Risk
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All
unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
in net earnings. As at December 31, 2023, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power
Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $41 million unrealized loss
recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a $230 million loss recorded in net
earnings related to investments classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates
measured at FVPL.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                          A  201
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                       GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All unrealized gains and losses on investments




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
                                       Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at December 31, 2023,
                                       the impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $265 million unrealized loss to be
                                       recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a $75 million loss recorded in net
                                       earnings related to investments classified as FVPL, representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.

PART A
                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial sponsor a number of deferred compensation arrangements for employees where
                                       payments to participants are deferred and linked to the performance of the common shares of Power Corporation. Power
                                       Corporation and Power Financial hedge their exposure to the equity risk associated with their PSU Plans through the use of
                                       total return swaps.

                                       LIFECO
                                       The risk committee of the board of directors of Lifeco is responsible for the oversight of Lifeco’s key risks. Lifeco has
                                       established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks associated
                                       with financial instruments and insurance contracts.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       Lifeco’s liquidity risk management framework and associated limits are designed to allow Lifeco to meet cash and collateral
                                       commitments as they fall due, both on an expected basis and under a severe liquidity stress.
                                          Lifeco attempts to mitigate liquidity risk through product design and maintaining a high quality, diversified investment
                                             portfolio with a spread of asset maturities by year. Approximately 68% of insurance and investment contract liabilities
                                             (measured based on carrying value and excluding liabilities held on account of segregated fund holders) are subject to
                                             discretionary withdrawal.
                                          Management of Lifeco closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                                             requirements at its holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                                             market transactions. At December 31, 2023, Lifeco maintained $950 million of liquidity at its level through committed
                                             lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks. As well, Lifeco maintains a US$500 million revolving credit agreement, a
                                             US$300 million revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks for use by Empower, and a US$50 million line of
                                             credit at Empower. Empower also has borrowing capacity of approximately US$440 million under the Federal Home Loan
                                             Bank program.

                                       Payments Due by Period
                                       In the normal course of business, Lifeco enters into contracts that give rise to commitments of future minimum payments that
                                       impact short-term and long-term liquidity. The following table summarizes the principal repayment schedule of certain of
                                       Lifeco’s financial liabilities.
                                                                                                                                                                                     Payments due by period
                                                                                                           1 year                                                                                     Over
                                       December 31, 2023                                                   or less       1-2 years         2-3 years         3-4 years          4-5 years           5 years     Total

                                       Debentures and other debt instruments                                 192             665                730               532                  999           5,833     8,951
                                       Capital trust debentures [1]                                             –               –                   –                 –                   –            150      150
                                       Purchase obligations                                                  305             227                176               121                   54             251     1,134
                                       Pension contributions                                                 225                –                   –                 –                   –               –     225
                                                                                                             722             892                906               653                1,053           6,234    10,460
                                       [1] Payments due have not been reduced to reflect that Lifeco held capital trust securities of $37 million principal amount ($44 million carrying value).


                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage credit risk:
                                          Investment and risk policies aim to minimize undue concentration within issuers, connected companies, industries or
                                             individual geographies.
                                          Investment and risk limits specify minimum and maximum limits for each asset class.
                                          Identification of credit risk through an internal credit risk rating system which includes a detailed assessment of an
                                             debtor’s creditworthiness. Internal credit risk ratings cannot be higher than the highest rating provided by certain
                                             independent ratings companies.



                                              A  202                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


   Portfolios are monitored continuously, and reviewed regularly with the risk committee and the investment committee of




                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
      the board of directors of Lifeco.
   Credit risk associated with derivative instruments is evaluated quarterly based on conditions that existed at the balance
      sheet date, using practices that are at least as conservative as those recommended by regulators. Lifeco manages
      derivative credit risk by including derivative exposure to aggregate credit exposures measured against rating-based
      debtor limits and through collateral arrangements where possible.

                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
   Counterparties providing reinsurance to Lifeco are reviewed for financial soundness as part of an ongoing monitoring
      process. The minimum financial strength of reinsurers is outlined in Lifeco’s Reinsurance Risk Management Policy. Lifeco
      seeks to minimize reinsurance credit risk by setting rating-based limits on net ceded exposure by counterparty as well as
      seeking protection in the form of collateral or funds-withheld arrangements where possible.
   Investment guidelines also specify collateral requirements.

Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk
The following table summarizes Lifeco’s maximum exposure to credit risk related to financial instruments as well as insurance
and reinsurance contracts. The maximum credit exposure is the carrying value of the asset net of any allowances for losses.
                                                                                                    December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                          2023            2022

Financial instruments
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               7,742           7,290
  Bonds                                                                                                157,051         156,091
  Mortgage loans                                                                                        38,414          37,197
  Interest due and accrued                                                                                1,645           1,527
  Accounts receivable                                                                                     3,218           2,828
  Funds held under investment contracts                                                                   7,268           8,130
  Trading account assets                                                                                  3,038           2,972
  Finance leases receivable                                                                                668              536
  Other assets [1]                                                                                        2,055           2,760
  Derivative assets                                                                                       2,219           2,314
                                                                                                       223,318         221,645

Insurance and reinsurance contracts
  Reinsurance contract held assets [2]                                                                  17,332          17,571
  Insurance contract assets                                                                               1,193           1,140
  Funds held by ceding insurers [3]                                                                       3,926           4,105
  Loans to policyholders [3]                                                                              8,945           8,999
                                                                                                        31,396          31,815
Total                                                                                                  254,714         253,460
[1] Includes items such as income taxes receivable and miscellaneous other assets of Lifeco.
[2] Includes funds withheld on reinsurance contracts issued.
[3] Included in insurance contract liabilities (Note 11).



Credit risk is also mitigated by entering into collateral agreements. The amount and type of collateral required depends on
an assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty. Guidelines have been implemented regarding the acceptability of types
of collateral and the valuation parameters. Collateral primarily consists of government bonds, investment-grade corporate
bonds and cash. Management of Lifeco monitors the value of the collateral, requests additional collateral when needed and
performs an impairment valuation when applicable. Lifeco had $1,715 million of collateral received from counterparties as at
December 31, 2023 ($1,348 million as at December 31, 2022) relating to derivative assets.

Concentrations of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
meet obligations as they come due.




                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                            A  203
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                       The following tables provide details of the carrying value of bonds of Lifeco for each business by issuer and industry sector:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                            Capital and
                                                                                             Canada       United States                  Europe           Risk Solutions                 Total

                                       Bonds issued or guaranteed by:


PART A
                                        Treasuries                                            1,155              2,289                    8,522                  2,887                14,853
                                        Government-related                                   16,618              2,842                    6,760                    406                26,626
                                        Agency securitized                                      178              1,057                        –                     14                 1,249
                                        Non-agency securitized                                2,924            13,314                       803                    137                17,178
                                        Financials                                            5,225            12,095                     4,861                    997                23,178
                                        Communications                                        1,089              1,680                      748                    152                 3,669
                                        Consumer products                                     4,704              9,795                    1,774                  1,023                17,296
                                        Energy                                                2,619              3,118                      447                    336                 6,520
                                        Industrials                                           2,560              7,623                    1,156                    442                11,781
                                        Technology                                            1,044              3,307                      479                    297                 5,127
                                        Transportation                                        3,996              1,899                      755                    156                 6,806
                                        Utilities                                            10,632              7,599                    3,786                    751                22,768
                                                                                             52,744            66,618                   30,091                   7,598               157,051


                                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2022 [1]
                                                                                                                                                            Capital and
                                                                                             Canada       United States                  Europe           Risk Solutions                 Total

                                       Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
                                        Treasuries                                            2,699                347                    7,905                  3,619                14,570
                                        Government-related                                   16,948              3,178                    6,301                    376                26,803
                                        Agency securitized                                      179              1,270                        –                     15                 1,464
                                        Non-agency securitized                                2,341            15,020                       734                    123                18,218
                                        Financials                                            4,703            13,123                     4,709                    914                23,449
                                        Communications                                          997             1,839                       667                    137                 3,640
                                        Consumer products                                     4,231            10,727                     1,733                    966                17,657
                                        Energy                                                2,236              3,600                      405                    285                 6,526
                                        Industrials                                           2,084              8,464                    1,105                    398                12,051
                                        Technology                                              831              3,359                      393                    298                 4,881
                                        Transportation                                        3,364              1,941                      637                    121                 6,063
                                        Utilities                                             9,129              8,038                    3,125                    477                20,769
                                                                                             49,742            70,906                   27,714                   7,729               156,091
                                       [1] Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.

                                       The following tables provide details of the carrying value of mortgage loans of Lifeco by business:
                                                                                                                                                            Capital and
                                       December 31, 2023                                    Canada       United States                  Europe            Risk Solutions                 Total

                                       Single-family residential                             1,511                    –                        –                      –                1,511
                                       Multi-family residential                              4,581              3,945                      814                      32                 9,372
                                       Equity-release                                        1,697                    –                  2,043                     463                 4,203
                                       Commercial                                            8,955            10,376                     3,850                     147                23,328
                                                                                            16,744            14,321                     6,707                     642                38,414


                                                                                                                                                            Capital and
                                       December 31, 2022 [1]                                Canada       United States                  Europe            Risk Solutions                 Total

                                       Single-family residential                             1,738                    –                        –                      –                1,738
                                       Multi-family residential                              4,422              4,276                      891                      39                 9,628
                                       Equity-release                                        1,392                    –                  1,711                     268                 3,371
                                       Commercial                                            8,446            10,484                     3,480                      50                22,460
                                                                                            15,998            14,760                     6,082                     357                37,197
                                       [1] Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.




                                              A  204                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


Expected Credit Losses




                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following tables reconcile the allowance for credit losses under the ECL model in IFRS 9 by asset classification and stage,
at Lifeco.

                                                                                            Performing    Impaired



                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
December 31, 2023                                                                 Stage 1      Stage 2     Stage 3            Total

Bonds at FVOCI
 Balance, beginning of year                                                            3             –           –               3
 Provision for credit losses
  Transfers to stage 1                                                                  –            –           –               –
  Transfers to stage 2                                                                  –            –           –               –
  Transfers to stage 3                                                                  –            –           –               –
  Originations                                                                         1             –           –               1
  Maturities                                                                          (1)            –           –              (1)
  Net remeasurement of loss allowance                                                  1             –           –               1
  Write-offs                                                                            –            –           –               –
  Exchange rate and other                                                             (1)            –           –              (1)
Balance, end of year                                                                   3             –           –               3

Mortgages at amortized cost
 Balance, beginning of year                                                            1           32            –              33
 Provision for credit losses
  Transfers to stage 1                                                                 1            (1)          –               –
  Transfers to stage 2                                                                  –            –           –               –
  Transfers to stage 3                                                                  –            –           –               –
  Originations                                                                         1             –           –               1
  Maturities                                                                            –            –           –               –
  Net remeasurement of loss allowance                                                 (2)           (3)         4               (1)
  Write-offs                                                                            –            –           –               –
  Exchange rate and other                                                               –           1            –               1
Balance, end of year                                                                   1           29           4               34

Total allowance for credit losses, end of year                                         4           29           4               37




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                      A  205
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                       Credit Risk Exposure by Internal Risk Rating




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following tables present the fair value of bonds and mortgages at FVOCI and carrying amounts of mortgages at amortized
                                       cost held by Lifeco. Risk ratings are based on internal ratings used in the measurement of ECL as at the reporting date.

                                                                                                                                             Performing       Impaired



PART A
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                     Stage 1            Stage 2        Stage 3      Total

                                       Bonds at FVOCI
                                        Investment grade                                                                     11,668                      –           –    11,668
                                        Non-investment grade                                                                      77                    5            –        82
                                        Impaired                                                                                    –                    –           –         –
                                                                                                                             11,745                     5            –    11,750

                                       Mortgages at FVOCI
                                        Investment grade                                                                        560                      –           –      560
                                        Non-investment grade                                                                        –                  18            -        18
                                        Impaired                                                                                    –                    –           –         –
                                                                                                                                560                    18            –      578

                                       Mortgages at amortized cost
                                        Investment grade                                                                      4,088                      –           –     4,088
                                        Non-investment grade                                                                        –                  357           –      357
                                        Impaired                                                                                    –                    –         11         11
                                                                                                                              4,088                    357         11      4,456
                                       Allowance for credit losses                                                                 (1)                 (29)         (4)      (34)
                                                                                                                              4,087                    328          7      4,422


                                                                                                                                             Performing       Impaired
                                       January 1, 2023                                                                       Stage 1            Stage 2        Stage 3      Total

                                       Bonds at FVOCI
                                        Investment grade                                                                     12,610                      –           –    12,610
                                        Non-investment grade                                                                      88                    3            –        91
                                        Impaired                                                                                    –                    –           –         –
                                                                                                                             12,698                     3            –    12,701

                                       Mortgages at FVOCI
                                        Investment grade                                                                        621                      –           –      621
                                        Non-investment grade                                                                        –                    –           –         –
                                        Impaired                                                                                    –                    –           –         –
                                                                                                                                621                      –           –      621

                                       Mortgages at amortized cost
                                        Investment grade                                                                      3,819                      –           –     3,819
                                        Non-investment grade                                                                        –                  373           –      373
                                        Impaired                                                                                    –                    –           –         –
                                                                                                                              3,819                    373           –     4,192
                                       Allowance for credit losses                                                                 (1)                 (32)          –       (33)
                                                                                                                              3,818                    341           –     4,159




                                             A  206                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVPL




                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The carrying value of Lifeco’s portfolio investments designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to credit risk for
those assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in the
absence of significant credit events occurring on specific assets. In 2023, a fair value loss of $80 million ($8 million in 2022)
was reflected in changes in FVPL in the statement of earnings related to significant credit events occurring on assets designed


                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
as FVPL.

Asset Quality
                                                                                                      December 31,    December 31,
Bond Portfolio Quality                                                                                      2023            2022 [1]

Based on internal ratings:
 AAA                                                                                                      24,298           25,397
 AA                                                                                                       31,435           31,614
 A                                                                                                        54,807           53,864
 BBB                                                                                                      44,811           43,482
 BB and lower                                                                                               1,700           1,734
                                                                                                         157,051          156,091
[1] Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.



                                                                                                      December 31,    December 31,
Derivative Portfolio Quality                                                                                2023            2022

Over-the-counter contracts (counterparty ratings):
 AA                                                                                                         1,448           1,604
 A                                                                                                           770               697
 Exchange-traded                                                                                                1              13
                                                                                                            2,219           2,314


                                                                                                      December 31,    December 31,
Reinsurance Contract Held Assets Quality                                                                    2023            2022

Based on rating agency ratings:
 AA- to AA+                                                                                               15,955           16,162
 A- to A+                                                                                                   1,365           1,386
 BBB+ and lower                                                                                                 9              10
 Not rated                                                                                                      3              13
                                                                                                          17,332           17,571

Total reinsurance contract held assets less collateral                                                      4,296           4,261


Total reinsurance contract held assets are net of funds held under reinsurance contracts.
As at December 31, 2023, $12,122 million of the $17,332 million of reinsurance contract held assets are ceded to Protective
Life Insurance Company ($12,493 million of $17,571 million at December 31, 2022). This concentration risk is mitigated by
funds held in trust and other arrangements of $13,710 million as at December 31, 2023 ($13,685 million at December 31,
2022).




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                 A  207
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                       Funds Held Under Investment Contracts and Funds Held by Ceding Insurers




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       At December 31, 2023, Lifeco had amounts on deposit of $7,268 million ($8,130 million at December 31, 2022) for funds held
                                       under investment contracts. This amount has been included in other assets on the balance sheets. At December 31, 2023,
                                       Lifeco had amounts on deposit of $3,926 million ($4,105 million at December 31, 2022) for funds held by ceding insurers.
                                       This amount has been included in the measurement of insurance contract liabilities. Included in these amounts are assets of


PART A
                                       $37 million at December 31, 2023 ($45 million at December 31, 2022) where Lifeco does not retain the credit risk. Income
                                       and expenses arising from the agreements are included in net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       The details of the funds on deposit for certain agreements where Lifeco has credit risk are as follows:

                                       CARRYING VALUES AND ESTIMATED FAIR VALUES
                                                                                                                           December 31, 2023                             December 31, 2022
                                                                                                              Carrying                      Fair              Carrying                Fair
                                                                                                                 value                     value                 value               value

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                   189                      189                  222                  222
                                       Bonds                                                                   10,415                   10,415                11,172               11,172
                                       Mortgages                                                                   418                      418                  457                  457
                                       Other assets                                                                135                      135                  339                  339
                                                                                                               11,157                   11,157                12,190               12,190
                                       Supporting:
                                        Insurance contract liabilities                                           3,834                    3,834                 4,004               4,004
                                        Investment contract liabilities                                          7,268                    7,268                 8,130               8,130
                                        Surplus                                                                     55                       55                    56                  56
                                                                                                               11,157                   11,157                12,190               12,190


                                       Bonds
                                       The following provides details of the carrying value of bonds included in the funds on deposit by issuer and industry sector:
                                                                                                                                                          December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                2023                2022

                                       Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
                                        Treasuries                                                                                                                487                 464
                                        Government-related                                                                                                      1,139               1,241
                                        Agency securitized                                                                                                        103                 139
                                        Non-agency securitized                                                                                                  1,135               1,350
                                        Financials                                                                                                              1,731               2,020
                                        Communications                                                                                                            332                 327
                                        Consumer products                                                                                                       1,609               1,728
                                        Energy                                                                                                                    534                 517
                                        Industrials                                                                                                             1,011               1,029
                                        Technology                                                                                                                385                 386
                                        Transportation                                                                                                            301                 319
                                        Utilities                                                                                                               1,648               1,652
                                                                                                                                                              10,415               11,172




                                            A  208                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


ASSET QUALITY




                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                            December 31,   December 31,
Bond Portfolio Quality                                                                                            2023           2022

AAA                                                                                                                951           1,037
AA                                                                                                                2,536          2,607


                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
A                                                                                                                 3,973          4,289
BBB                                                                                                               2,856          3,124
BB and lower                                                                                                         99             115
                                                                                                                10,415         11,172

Mortgages
The following provides details of the carrying value of mortgages included in the funds on deposit by property type:
                                                                                                            December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                  2023           2022

Multi-family residential                                                                                           107              110
Commercial                                                                                                         311              347
                                                                                                                   418              457



MARKET RISK
Foreign Exchange Risk
If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
rates can expose Lifeco to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
   A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
      insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
      an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
      would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
      by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.
Lifeco has net investments in foreign operations. Lifeco’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros and
U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations,
net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening
of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Lifeco’s total equity.
Correspondingly, Lifeco’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.

Interest Rate Risk
The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to interest rate risk:
   Lifeco manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
   Lifeco uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund
      assets and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each segment are generally managed in relation to the liabilities
      in the segment.
   For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
      or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available
      to match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and non-fixed
      income assets while the rest are duration matched.
   Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
      exposure to interest rate changes.
   To the extent assets and liabilities cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
      change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
   For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash
      flows of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and non-fixed income assets.
   The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
      asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.



                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             A  209
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                       The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings under IFRS 17 and IFRS 9.
                                       Lifeco’s asset liability management strategy uses equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general fund
                                       assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of financial
                                       assets under IFRS 9, such as mortgage assets which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets
PART A
                                       supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
                                       illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in market yield curves
                                                                                                                                                           December 31, 2023                       December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                   Increase            Decrease            Increase          Decrease
                                                                                                                                            50 basis points      50 basis points    50 basis points    50 basis points
                                                                                                                                              interest rates       interest rates     interest rates     interest rates

                                       Net earnings                                                                                                    175                 (225)                75               (125)
                                       Equity                                                                                                          150                 (225)                50               (100)


                                       Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                       positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, the U.S. and the U.K. and are positively impacted by a
                                       parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of change in
                                       interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of parallel
                                       movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                       The potential impact on the net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Lifeco’s ultimate
                                       investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the sensitivity of net earnings to
                                       a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 million or a decrease of
                                       $25 million post-tax, respectively.
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated
                                       in the table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary
                                       depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit
                                       spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on prevailing
                                       market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected
                                       in the sensitivities below.
                                       Change in credit spreads
                                                                                                                                                                                                   December 31, 2023[1]
                                                                                                                                                                                          Increase          Decrease
                                                                                                                                                                                    50 basis points    50 basis points
                                                                                                                                                                                    credit spreads     credit spreads

                                       Net earnings                                                                                                                                            300               (375)
                                       Equity                                                                                                                                                  350               (450)
                                       [1] Exposures to credit spread sensitivities as at December 31, 2022 were expected to be substantially similar to the levels as shown for December 31, 2023.


                                       Equity Risk
                                       Lifeco has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly defined
                                       limits to mitigate price risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum
                                       Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest
                                       rate derivatives.
                                       Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
                                       and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
                                       equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
                                       in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.




                                              A  210                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income




                                                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to Lifeco on segregated fund business that it does not
hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are able to be fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that
Lifeco hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
The following table provides information on the expected immediate impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or
decrease in the value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in publicly traded common share values                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
                                                                                           December 31, 2023 [1]                                            December 31, 2022
                                                                      Increase                      Decrease                          Increase                       Decrease
                                                         20%              10%             10%           20%               20%             10%             10%            20%

Net earnings                                             225               100            (100)          (225)            200             100             (125)            (225)
Equity                                                   525               250            (250)          (525)            475             225             (250)            (500)
[1] Subsequent to year end, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments and received shares in Franklin Templeton as part of the consideration
    (Note 4). The net impact to net earnings and equity of this transaction to the values in the table above would be to increase sensitivities by $75 million for a 10% increase
    or decrease in the value of publicly traded shares and increase sensitivities by $150 million for a 20% increase or decrease in the value of publicly traded shares.


The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
value of other non-fixed income assets on the net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                                                                          December 31, 2023                                                December 31, 2022
                                                                      Increase                      Decrease                          Increase                       Decrease
                                                         10%               5%              5%           10%               10%              5%               5%           10%

Net earnings                                             400               200            (200)          (425)            400             200             (200)            (425)
Equity                                                   450               225            (225)          (450)            425             225             (225)            (450)



IGM FINANCIA L
The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.

LIQUIDITY RISK
IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
   Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
   Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
   Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
   Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
   Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
   Oversight of liquidity risks by the financial risk management committee, a committee of finance and other IGM business
      leaders.
A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
IGM also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and temporarily hold mortgages pending sale or securitization to long-term
funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking operations, residential
mortgages are sold to third parties including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through private placements,
Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities
(NHA MBS), including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the Canada Mortgage Bond Program (CMB Program).
Certain subsidiaries of IGM are approved issuers of NHA MBS and are approved sellers into the CMB Program. Capacity for
sales under the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held in
principal reinvestment accounts.
IGM maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts.



                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           A  211
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                       IGM’s contractual maturities of certain liabilities were as follows:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                           Payments due by period
                                                                                                                                                     1 year                                 Over
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                       Demand                or less           1–5 years          5 years     Total

                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                                –                 12                  38                 –       50


PART A
                                       Deposits and certificates [1]                                                             3,343                     –                     –             1     3,344
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                                          –               937                3,738               13     4,688
                                       Future lease payments                                                                           –                 29                  84               97      210
                                       Debentures                                                                                      –                   –                525            1,875     2,400
                                       Total contractual maturities                                                              3,343                 978                4,385            1,986    10,692
                                       [1] Deposits and certificates due on demand are primarily offset by IGM’s client funds held on deposit.


                                       In addition to IGM’s current balance of cash and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through IGM’s lines of credit. IGM’s
                                       lines of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled $800 million as at December 31, 2023, compared to
                                       $825 million at December 31, 2022. The lines of credit as at December 31, 2023 consisted of committed lines of $650 million
                                       and uncommitted lines of $150 million, compared to $650 million and $175 million at December 31, 2022. Any advances
                                       made by the banks under the uncommitted lines are at the banks’ sole discretion. As at December 31, 2023 and 2022, IGM
                                       was not utilizing its committed lines of credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.
                                       IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk. IGM
                                       monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
                                       At December 31, 2023, IGM’s cash and cash equivalents of $545 million ($1,073 million in 2022) consisted of cash balances
                                       of $217 million ($346 million in 2022) on deposit with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of $328 million
                                       ($727 million in 2022). IGM manages credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents by adhering to its investment policy that
                                       outlines credit risk parameters and concentration limits. IGM regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties. The
                                       maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is their carrying value.
                                       Client funds on deposit of $3,366 million ($4,347 million in 2022) are held with Schedule I chartered banks.
                                       As at December 31, 2023, residential mortgages, recorded on IGM’s balance sheets, of $5.1 billion ($5.0 billion in 2022)
                                       consisted of $4.7 billion sold to securitization programs ($4.6 billion in 2022), $376 million held pending sale or securitization
                                       ($372 million in 2022) and $12 million related to IGM’s intermediary operations ($13 million in 2022).
                                       IGM manages credit risk related to residential mortgages through:
                                          Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;
                                          Its loan servicing capabilities;
                                          Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by IGM; and
                                          Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through its own network of Mortgage Advisors and
                                             IG Wealth Management advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan™.
                                       In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms and nature of securitization transactions as described below:
                                          Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.4 billion ($2.5 billion in 2022), IGM is obligated to make timely payment of
                                             principal and coupons irrespective of whether such payments were received from the mortgage borrower. However, as
                                             required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans are insured by an approved insurer.
                                          Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.3 billion ($2.1 billion
                                             in 2022) is limited to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future net interest income, the fair values of which were
                                             $58 million ($55 million in 2022) and $37 million ($21 million in 2022), respectively, at December 31, 2023. Cash reserve
                                             accounts are reflected on the balance sheets, whereas rights to future net interest income are not reflected on the balance
                                             sheets and will be recorded over the life of the mortgages.




                                              A  212                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


At December 31, 2023, residential mortgages recorded on the balance sheets were 50.7% insured (53.3% in 2022). At




                                                                                                                                           POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
December 31, 2023, impaired mortgages on these portfolios were $3 million ($2 million in 2022). Uninsured non-performing
mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios were $3 million at December 31, 2023 ($2 million in 2022).
IGM also retains certain elements of credit risk on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short-Term Income
Fund through an agreement to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds. These loans are not
recorded on the balance sheets as IGM has transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership associated with

                                                                                                                                                                         PART A
these loans.
IGM regularly reviews the credit quality of the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected credit losses.
IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at December 31, 2023 ($1 million in 2022), and is considered
adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on: i) historical credit
performance experience; ii) recent trends, including increasing interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other
relevant characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of losses under adverse
real estate market conditions.
IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities and mortgage
portfolios have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.
IGM is exposed to credit risk through the derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate securitization
transactions and to hedge market risk related to certain share-based compensation arrangements. These derivatives are
discussed more fully under the IGM market risk section below.
To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a gain position, IGM is exposed to the credit risk that its counterparties
fail to fulfill their obligations under these arrangements.
IGM’s derivative activities are managed in accordance with its derivative policy, which includes counterparty limits and other
parameters to manage counterparty risk. Counterparties are all Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result,
management of IGM has determined that its overall credit risk related to derivatives was not significant at December 31, 2023.
Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not changed materially since December 31, 2022.

MARKET RISK
Foreign Exchange Risk
IGM is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the carrying value due
to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in other comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2023, a 5%
appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease (increase) the aggregate
carrying value of foreign investments by approximately $128 million ($142 million in 2022).

Interest Rate Risk
IGM is exposed to interest rate risk on its loan portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments used in IGM’s
mortgage banking operations.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              A  213
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 24 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)


                                       IGM manages interest rate risk associated with its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate swaps with




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:
                                         IGM has in certain instances funded floating rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds (CMB) as part of the
                                            securitization transactions under the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, IGM is party to a swap whereby it is
                                            entitled to receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated to pay CMB coupons. This swap
                                            had a fair value of $8 million ($21 million in 2022) and an outstanding notional value of $0.2 billion at December 31, 2023

PART A
                                            ($0.2 billion in 2022). IGM enters into interest rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to hedge the risk that
                                            the interest rates earned on floating rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline. The fair value of these swaps
                                            totalled negative $13 million (negative $20 million in 2022), on an outstanding notional amount of $1.4 billion at
                                            December 31, 2023 ($1.3 billion in 2022). The net fair value of these swaps recorded on the balance sheets was negative
                                            $5 million at December 31, 2023 (positive $1 million in 2022) and had an outstanding notional amount of $1.6 billion at
                                            December 31, 2023 ($1.5 billion in 2022).
                                         IGM is exposed to the impact that changes in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages committed to or held
                                            pending sale or securitization to long-term funding sources. IGM enters into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate
                                            risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by IGM pending sale or securitization. The fair value of these swaps was
                                            negative $1 million (positive $5 million in 2022) on an outstanding notional amount of $182 million at December 31, 2023
                                            ($192 million in 2022).
                                       As at December 31, 2023, the impact to net earnings of a 100-basis-point increase in interest rates would have been an
                                       increase of approximately $1 million (decrease of $2 million in 2022). IGM’s exposure to and management of interest rate risk
                                       have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.

                                       Equity Risk
                                       IGM is exposed to equity risk on its equity investments which are classified as FVPL and on its investments in associates, which
                                       are accounted for using the equity method.
                                       IGM sponsors a number of deferred compensation arrangements where payments to participants are deferred and linked to
                                       the performance of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. IGM hedges its exposure to this risk through the use of forward
                                       agreements and total return swaps.

                                       Risks Related to Assets Under Management and Advisement
                                       Risks related to the performance of the equity markets, changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currencies relative to
                                       the Canadian dollar can have a significant impact on the level and mix of assets under management and advisement. These
                                       changes in assets under management and advisement directly impact earnings of IGM.


                                       NOTE 25 INSURANCE REVENUE

                                                                                                                                                               Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                              2023                2022

                                       Contracts not measured under the PAA
                                       Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
                                        Experience adjustments                                                                                                 (87)               (127)
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                 1,224               1,169
                                        Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                     609                  638
                                        Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                                        9,161               8,802
                                        Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                          556                  446
                                                                                                                                                            11,463              10,928
                                       Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                                      8,939               8,704
                                       Total insurance revenue                                                                                              20,402              19,632




                                            A  214                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 26 INSURANCE SERVICE AND OPERATING AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

                                                                                                             Years ended December 31,




                                                                                                                                        POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                            2023                2022

Claims and benefits incurred                                                                              13,982              12,924
Allocation of premium directly to recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                              702                  637
Adjustments to the liability for incurred claims                                                            (625)                 12
Losses and reversal of losses on onerous insurance contracts                                                 62                   61

                                                                                                                                                                      PART A
Salaries and other employee benefits                                                                       5,796               5,207
General and administrative                                                                                 3,170               2,147
Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                   854                  829
Commissions                                                                                                2,714               2,953
Restructuring and other                                                                                     336                  185
Total expenses                                                                                            26,991              24,955


Represented by:
 Insurance service expenses                                                                               15,777              15,272
 Operating and administrative expenses                                                                    11,214               9,683
Total expenses                                                                                            26,991              24,955


RESTRUCTURING CHARGES
Lifeco
EUROPE BUSINESS INITIATIVES
In 2023, Lifeco recorded a restructuring provision of $126 million related to provisions for staff reductions as well as other
business transformation initiatives.
The provision for staff reductions and other business transformation initiatives arose from the following business decisions
and activities:
  Lifeco announced its decision to close Lifeco's U.K. on-shore wealth business to new customers;
  The implementation of the new strategy in Germany to create growth through product diversification and an efficiency
     program leveraging its new policy administration platform, increased automation and AI technologies; and
  The continued implementation of Irish Life’s strategy, including the build-out of digital customer technologies and
     automation.

IGM Financial
In 2023, IGM recognized restructuring and other charges of $103 million resulting from streamlining and simplifying IGM’s
business to more effectively align with its business priorities. The charge includes IGM’s changes to its organizational structure
to advance the growing needs of its business, digital transformation by retiring duplicate systems and modernizing
information technology and an effort to consolidate its real estate footprint to better reflect client and advisor needs.



At December 31, 2023, the balance of restructuring provisions, including those above, amounts to $175 million ($62 million
in 2022) and is recorded in other liabilities.


NOTE 27 FINANCING CHARGES

                                                                                                             Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                            2023                2022

Interest on debentures and other debt instruments                                                           644                  545
Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                28                   35
Interest on limited recourse capital notes                                                                   54                   54
Interest on capital trust debentures                                                                         11                   11
Other                                                                                                        29                   27
                                                                                                            766                  672




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         A  215
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 28 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS

                                       CHARACTERISTICS, FUNDING AND RISKS




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain funded defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors as
                                       well as unfunded supplementary employee retirement plans (SERP) for eligible employees. The Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.
                                       The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average earnings; however, the

PART A
                                       plans of the Corporation and its subsidiaries are closed to new entrants. Many of the defined benefit pension plans also no
                                       longer provide future defined benefit accruals. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ defined benefit plan exposure is
                                       expected to reduce in future years. Where defined benefit pension accruals continue, in most circumstances active plan
                                       participants share in the cost by making contributions in respect of current service. Certain pension payments are indexed
                                       either on an ad hoc basis or a guaranteed basis. The determination of the defined benefit obligation reflects pension benefits
                                       in accordance with the terms of the plans, and assuming the plans are not terminated. Assets supporting the funded pension
                                       plans are held in separate trusteed pension funds. Obligations for the wholly unfunded plans are supported by assets of the
                                       Corporation or its subsidiaries, as applicable.
                                       New hires are only eligible for defined contribution benefits. The defined contribution pension plans provide pension benefits
                                       based on accumulated employee and employer contributions. Contributions to these plans are a set percentage of
                                       employees’ annual income and may be subject to certain vesting requirements.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries also provide unfunded post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to
                                       eligible employees, advisors and their dependents. The Corporation and its subsidiaries' plans were previously amended to
                                       limit which employees could become eligible to receive benefits and Lifeco's subsidiaries' plans are closed to new hires. The
                                       obligations for these benefits are supported by assets of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, as applicable.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries have pension and benefit committees or a trusteed arrangement that provides oversight
                                       for the benefit plans. The benefit plans are monitored on an ongoing basis to assess the benefit, funding and investment
                                       policies, financial status, and funding requirements. Significant changes to benefit plans of the Corporation or of its
                                       subsidiaries require approval from the respective board of directors or committee thereof.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ funding policy for the funded pension plans requires annual contributions equal to or
                                       greater than those required by the applicable regulations and plan provisions that govern the funding of the plans. Where
                                       funded plans have a net defined benefit asset, the Corporation and its subsidiaries determine if an economic benefit exists in
                                       the form of potential reductions in future contributions, the present value of future expenses to be paid from the plan and in
                                       the form of surplus refunds, where permitted by applicable regulation and plan provisions.
                                       By their design, the defined benefit plans expose the Corporation and its subsidiaries to the typical risks faced by defined
                                       benefit plans, such as investment performance, changes to the discount rates used to value the obligations, longevity of plan
                                       members, and future inflation. Pension and benefit risk is managed by regular monitoring of the plans, applicable regulations
                                       and other factors that could impact the expenses and cash flows of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.




                                            A  216                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 28 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (continued)


PLAN ASSETS, BENEFIT OBLIGATION AND FUNDED STATUS




                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                    December 31, 2023                      December 31, 2022
                                                                                  Defined benefit          Other post-   Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                         pension          employment            pension          employment
                                                                                           plans              benefits            plans              benefits

Change in fair value of plan assets

                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year                                              7,332                      –           8,935                      –
 Interest income                                                                            359                      –             230                      –
 Employee contributions                                                                       24                     –               23                     –
 Employer contributions                                                                       58                   20              142                    22
 Actual return on assets greater (less) than interest income                                216                      –           (1,559)                    –
 Benefits paid                                                                              (379)                 (20)             (409)                 (22)
 Settlements                                                                                 (27)                    –              (10)                    –
 Administrative expenses                                                                     (10)                    –               (8)                    –
 Foreign exchange and other                                                                   17                     –              (12)                    –
Fair value of plan assets, end of year                                                    7,590                      –           7,332                      –

Change in defined benefit obligation
Defined benefit obligation, beginning of year                                             7,086                  294             9,635                  418
 Current service cost                                                                         56                    2              102                     3
 Employee contributions                                                                       24                     –               23                     –
 Interest cost                                                                              345                    16              248                    13
 Actuarial (gains) losses on:
   Financial assumption changes                                                             511                    18            (2,496)                 (71)
   Demographic assumption changes                                                            (30)                  (2)                5                  (33)
   Arising from member experience                                                             33                   (2)               10                  (16)
 Benefits paid                                                                              (379)                 (20)             (409)                 (22)
 Past service cost and plan amendments                                                         –                   (7)               (2)                    –
 Settlements                                                                                 (30)                    –              (10)                    –
 Curtailments                                                                                  –                     –               (2)                    –
 Foreign exchange and other                                                                   15                   (1)              (18)                   2
Defined benefit obligation, end of year                                                   7,631                  298             7,086                  294

Funded status
 Fund surplus (deficit)                                                                      (41)                (298)             246                  (294)
 Unrecognized amount due to asset ceiling (see below)                                       (213)                    –             (328)                    –
Accrued benefit liability                                                                   (254)                (298)              (82)                (294)




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                A  217
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 28 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (continued)


                                       The aggregate defined benefit obligation of pension plans is as follows:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                       2023                2022

                                       Wholly or partly funded plans                                                                                                   7,039               6,521
                                       Wholly unfunded plans                                                                                                            592                  565


PART A                                 The net accrued benefit asset (liability) shown above is presented in these financial statements as follows:
                                                                                                                    December 31, 2023                                           December 31, 2022
                                                                                       Defined benefit    Other post-                        Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                              pension    employment                                 pension          employment
                                                                                                plans        benefits               Total             plans              benefits           Total

                                       Pension benefit assets [Note 9]                           427                –               427                  552                    –            552
                                       Pension and other post-employment benefit
                                        liabilities [Note 18]                                    (681)          (298)               (979)               (634)               (294)           (928)
                                       Accrued benefit liability                                 (254)          (298)               (552)                 (82)              (294)           (376)


                                       Under International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 14, The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum
                                       Funding Requirements and their Interaction, the Corporation and its subsidiaries must assess whether each pension plan’s
                                       asset has economic benefit to the Corporation and its subsidiaries through future contribution reductions, the present value
                                       of future expenses to be paid from the plan, or surplus refunds; in the event the Corporation or its subsidiaries are not entitled
                                       to a benefit, a limit or “asset ceiling” is required on the balance sheet. The following provides a breakdown of the changes in
                                       the asset ceiling:
                                                                                                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                       2023                2022

                                       Asset ceiling, beginning of year                                                                                                 328                   41
                                        Interest on asset ceiling                                                                                                         14                   1
                                        Change in asset ceiling                                                                                                         (130)                269
                                        Foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                      1                  17
                                       Asset ceiling, end of year                                                                                                       213                  328




                                             A  218                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 28 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (continued)


PENSION AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT EXPENSE




                                                                                                                                                                               POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                            December 31, 2023                            December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                   Other post-                                  Other post-
                                                                                                 Pension          employment                  Pension          employment
                                                                                                   plans              benefits                  plans              benefits

Defined benefit current service cost                                                                 56                      2                   102                      3

                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART A
Net interest cost                                                                                      –                    16                    19                     13
Past service cost, plan amendments, curtailments
 and settlements                                                                                      (3)                    (7)                   (4)                    –
Administrative expenses                                                                              10                       –                     8                     –
Defined contribution current service cost                                                           248                       –                  184                      –
Expense recognized in net earnings                                                                  311                     11                   309                     16


Actuarial (gains) losses recognized                                                                 514                     14                (2,481)                 (120)
Return on assets (greater) less than discount rate                                                 (216)                      –                1,559                      –
Change in asset ceiling                                                                            (130)                      –                  269                      –
Expense (income) recognized in
 other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                  168                     14                  (653)                 (120)

Total expense (income)                                                                              479                     25                  (344)                 (104)

In 2023, the Corporation and its subsidiaries incurred $5 million of actuarial losses ($5 million of actuarial gains in 2022) for
pension plan remeasurements not included in the table shown above. This relates to the share of actuarial gains (losses) for
investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates.

ASSET ALLOCATION BY MAJOR CATEGORY WEIGHTED BY PLAN ASSETS
                                                                                                                                               Defined benefit pension plans
                                                                                                                                        December 31,          December 31,
Percentage (%)                                                                                                                                2023                  2022

Equity securities                                                                                                                                  36                    39
Debt securities                                                                                                                                    53                    50
All other assets [1]                                                                                                                               11                    11
                                                                                                                                                 100                   100
[1] Includes $111 million of buy-in annuities purchased in 2023 by a subsidiary of the Corporation to cover a portion of its future annuity payments.


No plan assets are directly invested in the Corporation’s or subsidiaries’ securities. Lifeco’s plan assets include investments in
segregated and other funds managed by subsidiaries of Lifeco of $5,841 million at December 31, 2023 ($5,614 million at
December 31, 2022) of which $5,827 million ($5,520 million at December 31, 2022) are included in the balance sheets. Plan
assets do not include any property occupied or other assets used by Lifeco. A portion of IGM’s plan assets are invested in
investment funds managed by IGM or related parties. A portion of Power Corporation and Power Financial’s plan assets are
invested in segregated funds managed by a subsidiary of Lifeco.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       A  219
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 28 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (continued)


                                       DETAILS OF DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATION




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Portion of Defined Benefit Obligation Subject to Future Salary Increases
                                                                                                                               December 31, 2023                                December 31, 2022
                                                                                                            Defined benefit             Other post-           Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                                                   pension             employment                    pension          employment
                                                                                                                     plans                 benefits                    plans              benefits


PART A
                                       Benefit obligation without future salary increases                            7,097                      298                   6,345                  294
                                       Effect of assumed future salary increases                                       534                         –                    741                      –
                                       Defined benefit obligation                                                    7,631                      298                   7,086                  294


                                       Maturity Profile of Plan Membership
                                                                                                                               December 31, 2023                                December 31, 2022
                                                                                                            Defined benefit             Other post-           Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                                                   pension             employment                    pension          employment
                                       Percentage (%)                                                                plans                 benefits                    plans              benefits

                                       Actives                                                                          36                       18                       37                   19
                                       Deferred vesteds                                                                 14                         –                      14                     –
                                       Retirees                                                                         50                       82                       49                   81
                                       Total                                                                           100                      100                     100                  100

                                       Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation (in years)             14.2                       9.7                    14.1                 10.0


                                       CASH FLOW INFORMATION
                                       The expected employer contributions (use of surplus) for the year 2024 are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                    Other post-
                                                                                                                                                               Pension plans employment benefits

                                       Funded (wholly or partly) defined benefit plans                                                                                  (19)                    –
                                       Unfunded defined benefit plans                                                                                                    40                   19
                                       Defined contribution plans                                                                                                       217                     –
                                       Total                                                                                                                            238                   19


                                       ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS AND SENSITIVITIES
                                       Actuarial Assumptions
                                                                                                                               December 31, 2023                                December 31, 2022
                                                                                                            Defined benefit             Other post-           Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                                                   pension             employment                    pension          employment
                                       Percentage (%)                                                                plans                 benefits                    plans              benefits

                                       Range of discount rates
                                        To determine benefit cost                                                 5.0 – 5.3                5.3 – 5.4                2.6 – 3.3            3.0 – 3.3
                                        To determine defined benefit obligation at year-end                       4.4 – 4.6                4.6 – 5.0                5.0 – 5.3            5.3 – 5.4

                                       Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit cost    [1]

                                        Discount rate                                                                   5.1                      5.3                     2.9                  3.1
                                        Rate of compensation increase                                                   3.8                        –                     3.2                     –

                                       Weighted average assumptions used to determine defined
                                        benefit obligation at year-end [1]
                                        Discount rate                                                                   4.5                      4.7                     5.1                  5.3
                                        Rate of compensation increase                                                   3.4                        –                     3.8                     –

                                       Weighted average healthcare trend rates          [1]

                                        Initial healthcare trend rate                                                                            4.8                                          4.9
                                        Ultimate healthcare trend rate                                                                           4.1                                          4.1
                                        Year ultimate trend rate is reached                                                                   2039                                          2039
                                       [1] Weighted based on the obligations of each plan.




                                               A  220                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 28 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (CONTINUED)


Sample Life Expectancies Based on Mortality Assumptions




                                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                        December 31, 2023                      December 31, 2022
                                                                                      Defined benefit          Other post-   Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                             pension          employment            pension          employment
                                                                                               plans              benefits            plans              benefits

Weighted average life expectancies based on mortality

                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
 assumptions [1]:
 Male
  Age 65 in fiscal year                                                                         22.8                 22.7              22.8                 22.8
  Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                                                    24.7                 24.2              24.6                 24.2
 Female
  Age 65 in fiscal year                                                                         25.1                 25.1              24.9                 25.1
  Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                                                    26.8                 26.4              26.7                 26.5
[1] Weighted based on the obligations of each plan.


Mortality assumptions are significant in measuring the defined benefit obligation for defined benefit plans. The period of time
over which benefits are assumed to be paid is based on best estimates of future mortality, including allowances for mortality
improvements. This estimate is subject to considerable uncertainty, and judgment is required in establishing this assumption.
The mortality assumptions applied by the Corporation and its subsidiaries take into consideration average life expectancy,
including allowances for future longevity improvements as appropriate, and reflect variations in such factors as age, gender
and geographic location.
The mortality tables are reviewed at least annually, and assumptions are in accordance with accepted actuarial practice.
Emerging plan experience is reviewed and considered in establishing the best estimate for future mortality.
The calculation of the defined benefit obligation is sensitive to the mortality assumptions. The effect of a one-year increase in
life expectancy would be an increase in the defined benefit obligation of $210 million for the defined benefit pension plans
and $7 million for the other post-employment benefits.

Impact of Changes to Assumptions on Defined Benefit Obligation
                                                                                                        December 31, 2023                      December 31, 2022
                                                                                         1% increase          1% decrease       1% increase          1% decrease

Defined benefit pension plans:
Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                         (939)              1,163               (886)               1,103
Impact of a change to the rate of compensation increase                                         198                  (180)             196                  (177)
Impact of a change to the rate of inflation                                                     412                  (371)             390                  (352)


Other post-employment benefits:
Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                          (26)                  30               (26)                  29
Impact of a change to assumed medical cost trend rates                                            18                  (16)               16                  (14)


To measure the impact of a change in an assumption, all other assumptions were held constant. It would be expected that
there would be interaction between at least some of the assumptions and therefore the sensitivity analysis presented may not
be representative of the actual change.




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                A  221
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                       In the normal course of managing exposure to fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates, and to market risks, the




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries are end-users of various derivative financial instruments. Contracts are either exchange
                                       traded or over-the-counter with counterparties that are credit-worthy financial intermediaries.
                                       The following tables summarize the portfolio of derivative financial instruments of the Corporation and its subsidiaries:
                                                                                                                                           Notional amount               Carrying value


PART A
                                                                                                1 year                             Over
                                       December 31, 2023                                        or less    1–5 years             5 years              Total     Assets        Liabilities

                                       Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges
                                       Interest rate contracts
                                         Swaps                                                    803         3,249              4,694               8,746       215              (380)
                                         Options purchased                                        200           798                 997              1,995         15                  –
                                         Futures – short                                          153               –                  –                  153        –                 –
                                                                                                1,156         4,047              5,691             10,894        230              (380)
                                       Foreign exchange contracts
                                        Cross-currency swaps                                    2,531         9,552             18,704             30,787       1,651             (856)
                                        Forward contracts                                       3,964               –                  –             3,964         46               (14)
                                        Options written                                           138               –                  –                  138        –                 –
                                                                                                6,633         9,552             18,704             34,889       1,697             (870)
                                       Other derivative contracts
                                        Equity contracts                                          626         1,458                  33              2,117       134                  (1)
                                        Futures – long                                             14               –                  –                  14         –                 –
                                        Futures – short                                           627               –                  –                  627       1                 (4)
                                        Credit default swaps                                      326           166                 173                   665        –                 –
                                                                                                1,593         1,624                 206              3,423       135                  (5)
                                                                                                9,382       15,223              24,601             49,206       2,062           (1,255)

                                       Fair value hedges
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                        Foreign exchange contracts
                                          Forward contracts                                        80               –                  –                  80        1                  –

                                       Cash flow hedges
                                       Interest rate risk
                                         Interest rate contracts
                                           Swaps                                                     –            96                846                   942      25               (13)
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                         Foreign exchange contracts
                                           Cross-currency swaps                                    18             75                   –                  93        2                  –
                                           Forward contracts                                       10               –                  –                  10         –                 –
                                       Equity risk
                                         Other derivative contracts
                                           Equity contracts                                       121           320                    –                  441    114                  (8)
                                                                                                  149           491                 846              1,486       141                (21)

                                       Net investment hedges
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                        Foreign exchange contracts
                                          Cross-currency swaps                                       –              –            2,270               2,270       118                (61)
                                          Forward contracts                                     1,967           507                    –             2,474         27               (14)
                                                                                                1,967           507              2,270               4,744       145                (75)
                                                                                               11,578       16,221              27,717             55,516       2,349           (1,351)




                                             A  222                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                                                                                         Notional amount            Carrying value




                                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                        1 year                   Over
December 31, 2022                                                       or less    1–5 years   5 years             Total   Assets        Liabilities

Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges
Interest rate contracts
  Swaps                                                                 1,104        2,338      4,588             8,030     181              (505)

                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
  Options purchased                                                            1       114          –               115         –                 –
  Futures – long                                                               6          –         –                 6         –                 –
  Futures – short                                                         169             –         –               169         –                 –
                                                                        1,280        2,452      4,588             8,320     181              (505)
Foreign exchange contracts
 Cross-currency swaps                                                   3,215        7,521     17,416           28,152     1,922             (979)
 Forward contracts                                                      3,270             –         –             3,270       14               (80)
 Options written                                                           82             –         –                82         –                 –
                                                                        6,567        7,521     17,416           31,504     1,936           (1,059)
Other derivative contracts
 Equity contracts                                                       1,567          224       103              1,894       39               (32)
 Futures – long                                                            12             –         –                12         –                 –
 Futures – short                                                        1,134             –         –             1,134       13                  –
 Other forward contracts                                                  271             –         –               271        3                  –
 Credit default swaps                                                          –       500       175                675         –                 –
                                                                        2,984          724       278              3,986       55               (32)
                                                                      10,831        10,697     22,282           43,810     2,172           (1,596)

Fair value hedges
Foreign currency risk
 Foreign exchange contracts
   Forward contracts                                                       83             –         –                83         –                (3)

Cash flow hedges
Interest rate risk
  Interest rate contracts
    Swaps                                                                      –         72      965              1,037       45                  –
Foreign currency risk
  Foreign exchange contracts
    Cross-currency swaps                                                       –       100          –               100        6                  –
    Forward contracts                                                     344            10         –               354       13                 (4)
Equity risk
  Other derivative contracts
    Equity contracts                                                       93          284          –               377       43               (19)
                                                                          437          466       965              1,868     107                (23)

Net investment hedges
Foreign currency risk
 Foreign exchange contracts
   Cross-currency swaps                                                        –          –     2,270             2,270     179                (45)
   Forward contracts                                                    2,027          456          –             2,483       22               (50)
                                                                        2,027          456      2,270             4,753     201                (95)
                                                                      13,378        11,619     25,517           50,514     2,480           (1,717)


The amount subject to maximum credit risk is limited to the current fair value of the instruments which are in a gain position
(assets). The maximum credit risk represents the total cost of all derivative contracts with positive values and does not reflect
actual or expected losses. The total assets and liabilities represents the total amount that the Corporation and its subsidiaries
would receive (or pay) to terminate all agreements at year-end. However, this would not result in a gain or loss to the
Corporation and its subsidiaries as the derivative instruments which correlate to certain assets and liabilities provide offsetting
gains or losses.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                        A  223
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                       DERIVATIVES DESIGNATED AS ACCOUNTING HEDGES




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following tables provide further details on the portfolio of derivative financial instruments designated as accounting
                                       hedges by the Corporation and its subsidiaries:
                                                                                                                                                                 Notional amount
                                       December 31, 2023                                                      1 year                                     Over


PART A
                                       [exchange rates are expressed in dollar terms]                         or less               1–5 years          5 years             Total

                                       Fair value hedges
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                        Foreign exchange contracts
                                          Forward contracts                                                      80                         –               –                80
                                          Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                               1.34                         –               –              1.34

                                       Cash flow hedges
                                       Interest rate risk
                                         Interest rate contracts
                                           Swaps                                                                   –                      96             846                942
                                           Weighted average fixed interest rate (%)                                –                    3.87             3.22              3.29

                                       Foreign currency risk
                                        Foreign exchange contracts
                                          Forward contracts                                                      10                         –               –                10
                                          Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                               1.29                         –               –              1.29

                                           Cross-currency swaps                                                  18                       75                –                93
                                           Weighted average USD-AUD exchange rate                                  –                    1.33                –              1.33
                                           Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                  –                    1.26                –              1.26
                                           Weighted average USD-EUR exchange rate                              0.92                     0.91                –              0.91
                                           Weighted average USD-GBP exchange rate                              0.76                     0.76                –              0.76

                                       Equity risk
                                        Other derivative contracts
                                         Equity contracts                                                       121                      320                –               441
                                         Weighted average share price ($/share)                               32.78                    39.29                –             37.28

                                       Net investment hedges
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                        Foreign exchange contracts
                                          Cross-currency swaps                                                     –                        –          2,270              2,270
                                          Weighted average EUR-CAD exchange rate                                   –                        –            1.41              1.41
                                          Weighted average GBP-CAD exchange rate                                   –                        –            1.73              1.73

                                           Forward contracts                                                  1,967                      507                –             2,474
                                           Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                              1.34                         –               –              1.34
                                           Weighted average EUR-GBP exchange rate                              0.86                     0.86                –              0.86




                                              A  224                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                                                                                                        Notional amount




                                                                                                                                          POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
December 31, 2022                                                                       1 year                  Over
[exchange rates are expressed in dollar terms]                                          or less   1–5 years   5 years             Total

Fair value hedges
Foreign currency risk
 Foreign exchange contracts

                                                                                                                                                                        PART A
   Forward contracts                                                                       83            –         –                83
   Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                                1.31            –         –              1.31

Cash flow hedges
Interest rate risk
  Interest rate contracts
    Swaps                                                                                    –          72      965              1,037
    Weighted average fixed interest rate (%)                                                 –        3.71      3.22              3.26

Foreign currency risk
 Foreign exchange contracts
   Forward contracts                                                                      344           10         –               354
   Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                                1.28         1.29         –              1.28
   Weighted average EUR-CAD exchange rate                                                1.50            –         –              1.50

    Cross-currency swaps                                                                     –        100          –               100
    Weighted average USD-AUD exchange rate                                                   –        1.33         –              1.33
    Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                                   –        1.25         –              1.25
    Weighted average USD-EUR exchange rate                                                   –        0.91         –              0.91
    Weighted average USD-GBP exchange rate                                                   –        0.76         –              0.76

Equity risk
 Other derivative contracts
  Equity contracts                                                                         93         284          –               377
  Weighted average share price ($/share)                                                29.28       36.66          –             34.29

Net investment hedges
Foreign currency risk
 Foreign exchange contracts
   Cross-currency swaps                                                                      –           –    2,270              2,270
   Weighted average EUR-CAD exchange rate                                                    –           –      1.41              1.41
   Weighted average GBP-CAD exchange rate                                                    –           –      1.73              1.73

    Forward contracts                                                                   2,027         456          –             2,483
    Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                               1.33            –         –              1.33
    Weighted average EUR-GBP exchange rate                                               0.88         0.88         –              0.88




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                    A  225
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries use the following derivatives:




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Type                  Purpose

                                       Interest rate         Interest rate swaps, futures and options are used as part of a portfolio of assets to manage interest rate risk
                                       contracts             associated with investment activities and insurance and investment contract liabilities and to reduce the impact of
                                                             fluctuating interest rates on the mortgage banking operations, intermediary operations and debt instruments.
                                                             Interest rate swap agreements require the periodic exchange of payments without the exchange of the notional

PART A
                                                             principal amount on which payments are based.
                                                             Call options grant the Corporation and its subsidiaries the right to enter into a swap with predetermined fixed rate
                                                             payments over a predetermined time period on the exercise date. Call options are used to manage the variability
                                                             in future interest payments due to a change in credited interest rates and the related potential change in cash
                                                             flows due to surrenders. Call options are also used to hedge minimum rate guarantees and debt instruments.

                                       Foreign exchange      Cross-currency swaps are used in combination with other investments to manage foreign exchange risk associated
                                       contracts             with investment activities and insurance and investment contract liabilities. Under these swaps, principal amounts
                                                             and fixed or floating interest payments may be exchanged in different currencies. Cross-currency swaps are also
                                                             used to hedge the Corporation and its subsidiaries' net investment in foreign operations. The Corporation and its
                                                             subsidiaries may also enter into certain foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain product liabilities and
                                                             future cash flows.

                                       Other derivative      Equity index swaps, futures and options are used to hedge certain product liabilities. Equity index swaps are
                                       contracts             also used as substitutes for cash instruments and are used to periodically hedge the market risk associated with
                                                             certain fee income. Equity put options are used to manage the potential credit risk impact of significant declines in
                                                             certain equity markets.
                                                             Equity forward agreements and total return swaps are used to manage exposure to fluctuations in the total return
                                                             of common shares related to deferred compensation arrangements. Forward agreements and total return swaps
                                                             require the exchange of net contractual payments periodically or at maturity without the exchange of the notional
                                                             principal amounts on which the payments are based. Certain of these instruments are not designated as hedges.
                                                             Warrants are also used as part of the Corporation’s investment activities.


                                       HEDGE ACCOUNTING
                                       Fair Value Hedges
                                       The ineffective portion of fair value hedges recognized in the net investment result, which includes foreign exchange
                                       contracts, was nil during 2023 and 2022.

                                       Cash Flow Hedges
                                       The ineffective portion of the cash flow hedges, which include interest rate contracts, foreign exchange contracts, and equity
                                       total return swap contracts, was not significant during 2023 and 2022, and the anticipated net gains (losses) expected to be
                                       reclassified out of other comprehensive income within the next twelve months are not significant. The maximum time frame
                                       for which variable cash flows are hedged is 20 years.




                                              A  226                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


NET INVESTMENT HEDGES




                                                                                                                                                                POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The effects of the net investment hedges on the statements of earnings and statements of comprehensive income are shown
in the following tables.
                                                                                                                            Gains (losses)
                                                              Change in fair       Change in fair                             reclassified



                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A
                                                           value of hedged     value of hedging        Gains (losses)          from other    Ineffectiveness
                                                                   items for     instruments for    deferred in other     comprehensive       recognized in
                                                             ineffectiveness      ineffectiveness    comprehensive        income into net    net investment
December 31, 2023                                             measurement          measurement               income     investment result              result

Euro-denominated debt                                                    10                  (10)                (10)                   –                  –
Cross-currency swaps                                                     35                  (35)                (35)                   –                  –
Foreign exchange forward contracts                                      (17)                 17                   17                    –                  –
                                                                         28                  (28)                (28)                   –                  –


                                                                                                                            Gains (losses)
                                                              Change in fair       Change in fair                             reclassified
                                                           value of hedged     value of hedging        Gains (losses)          from other    Ineffectiveness
                                                                   items for     instruments for    deferred in other     comprehensive       recognized in
                                                             ineffectiveness      ineffectiveness    comprehensive        income into net    net investment
December 31, 2022                                             measurement          measurement               income     investment result              result

Euro-denominated debt                                                    10                  (10)                (10)                   –                  –
Cross-currency swaps                                                    (25)                 25                   25                    –                  –
Foreign exchange forward contracts                                     122                 (122)               (122)                    –                  –
                                                                       107                 (107)               (107)                    –                  –




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A  227
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 29 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)


                                       ENFORCEABLE MASTER NETTING AGREEMENTS OR SIMILAR AGREEMENTS




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into the International Swaps and Derivative Association’s (ISDA’s) master
                                       agreements for transacting over-the-counter derivatives. The Corporation and its subsidiaries receive and pledge collateral
                                       according to the related ISDA’s Credit Support Annexes. The ISDA’s master agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting
                                       on the balance sheets because they create a right of set-off that is enforceable only in the event of default, insolvency, or
                                       bankruptcy.
PART A                                 For exchange-traded derivatives subject to derivative clearing agreements with exchanges and clearing houses, there is no
                                       provision for set-off at default. Initial margin is excluded from the tables below as it would become part of a pooled settlement
                                       process.
                                       The following disclosure shows the potential effect on the balance sheets of financial instruments that have been shown in a
                                       gross position where right of set-off exists under certain circumstances that do not qualify for netting on the balance sheets.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                         Related amounts not set off in the balance sheet
                                                                                                             Gross amount of
                                                                                                                     financial                                                      Financial
                                                                                                                 instruments                    Offsetting                          collateral
                                                                                                             presented in the                 counterparty                         received /
                                                                                                               balance sheet                      position [1]                      pledged [2]        Net exposure

                                       Financial instruments (assets)
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                2,349                          (968)                          (1,097)                    284
                                                                                                                       2,349                          (968)                          (1,097)                    284

                                       Financial instruments (liabilities)
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                1,351                          (968)                            (194)                    189
                                                                                                                       1,351                          (968)                            (194)                    189


                                                                                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                         Related amounts not set off in the balance sheet
                                                                                                             Gross amount of
                                                                                                                     financial                                                      Financial
                                                                                                                 instruments                    Offsetting                          collateral
                                                                                                             presented in the                 counterparty                         received /
                                                                                                               balance sheet                      position [1]                      pledged [2]        Net exposure

                                       Financial instruments (assets)
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                2,480                          (912)                          (1,274)                    294
                                                                                                                       2,480                          (912)                          (1,274)                    294

                                       Financial instruments (liabilities)
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                1,717                          (912)                            (513)                    292
                                                                                                                       1,717                          (912)                            (513)                    292
                                       [1] Includes counterparty amounts recognized on the balance sheets where the Corporation and its subsidiaries have a potential offsetting position (as described above)
                                           but does not meet the criteria for offsetting on the balance sheets, excluding collateral.
                                       [2] Financial collateral presented above excludes overcollateralization and, for exchange-traded derivatives, initial margin. At December 31, 2023, total financial collateral,
                                           including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1,715 million ($1,348 million at December 31, 2022), and pledged on derivative
                                           liabilities was $773 million ($754 million at December 31, 2022).




                                              A  228                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 30 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT

The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed have been categorized




                                                                                                                                                    POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
Level        Definition                                                               Financial assets and liabilities
Level 1      Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for          actively exchange-traded equity securities;
             identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to     exchange-traded futures;
             access.

                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A
                                                                                         mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                          prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                          restrictions;
                                                                                         open-end investment fund units and other liabilities in
                                                                                          instances where there are quoted prices available
                                                                                          from active markets.
Level 2      Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are               assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
             observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.        based on credit quality and average life;
             Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and                 government and agency securities;
             liabilities in active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices          restricted shares;
             that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates      certain private bonds and investment funds;
             and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted                     most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
             intervals.                                                                   bonds;
             The fair values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from              most asset-backed securities;
             a pricing service. The pricing service inputs include, but are not          most over-the-counter derivatives;
             limited to, benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer
                                                                                         most mortgage and other loans;
             quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities,
             offers and reference data.                                                  deposits and certificates;
                                                                                         most debentures and other debt instruments;
                                                                                         most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                          FVPL;
                                                                                         certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
Level 3      Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on                certain bonds;
             observable market inputs and include situations where there is              certain asset-backed securities;
             little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.                 certain private equities;
             The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained              certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
             from single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external                 and associates;
             appraisers or by discounting projected cash flows.                          certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                          equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                         investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                          there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                         certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                         investment properties;
                                                                                         obligations to securitization entities;
                                                                                         certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                         most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.


The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded or disclosed at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy
using the valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of significant accounting policies (Note 2) and above,
are presented below. Fair values represent management’s estimates and are generally calculated using market information
at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature and involve
uncertainties and matters of significant judgment. The following tables distinguish between assets and liabilities recorded at
fair value on a recurring basis and those for which fair value is disclosed.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                        A  229
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 30 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)


                                       These tables exclude fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       amount is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. Items excluded are: cash and cash equivalents, dividends, accounts
                                       and interest receivable, certain other financial assets, accounts payable, dividends and interest payable and certain other
                                       financial liabilities.
                                                                                                                                  Carrying                                                                 Total
                                       December 31, 2023                                                                             value             Level 1             Level 2      Level 3       fair value


PART A
                                       Assets
                                       Assets recorded at fair value
                                        Bonds
                                          FVPL                                                                                   145,213                     –           144,961          252        145,213
                                          FVOCI                                                                                   11,750                     –             11,750            –         11,750
                                        Mortgage and other loans
                                          FVPL                                                                                    33,459                     –             29,211        4,248         33,459
                                          FVOCI                                                                                       578                    –                578            –             578
                                        Shares
                                          FVPL                                                                                    16,177              10,994                  218        4,965         16,177
                                          FVOCI                                                                                       411                 411                       –        –             411
                                        Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [1]                             832                    –                      –     832              832
                                        Investment properties                                                                       7,870                    –                      –    7,870          7,870
                                        Derivative instruments                                                                      2,349                    6              2,327           16          2,349
                                        Assets held for sale [2]                                                                    2,152                 239               1,006         907           2,152
                                        Other assets                                                                                3,500                 242               3,239           19          3,500
                                                                                                                                 224,291              11,892             193,290        19,109       224,291

                                       Assets disclosed at fair value
                                        Bonds
                                          Amortized cost                                                                              373                    –                371            –             371
                                        Mortgage and other loans
                                          Amortized cost                                                                            9,531                    –              4,303        4,691          8,994
                                                                                                                                    9,904                    –              4,674        4,691          9,365
                                       Total                                                                                     234,195              11,892             197,964        23,800       233,656


                                       Liabilities
                                       Liabilities recorded at fair value
                                         Investment contract liabilities                                                          88,919                     –             88,919            –         88,919
                                         Derivative instruments                                                                     1,351                    5              1,338            8          1,351
                                         Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                     1,833                    3                     15    1,815          1,833
                                         Other liabilities                                                                            526                    –                443           83             526
                                                                                                                                  92,629                     8             90,715        1,906         92,629

                                       Liabilities disclosed at fair value
                                         Obligations to securitization entities                                                     4,688                    –                      –    4,696          4,696
                                         Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                    647                    –                670            –             670
                                         Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                       14,625                  192              13,845            –         14,037
                                         Deposits and certificates                                                                  8,713                    –              8,713            –          8,713
                                         Other liabilities                                                                            147                    –                      –     147              147
                                                                                                                                  28,820                  192              23,228        4,843         28,263
                                       Total                                                                                     121,449                  200            113,943         6,749       120,892
                                       [1] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
                                           elected to be measured at FVPL.
                                       [2] Assets held for sale measured at fair value includes shares of $46 million and trading account assets of $2,106 million.




                                               A  230                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 30 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)


                                                                                         Carrying                                                                     Total




                                                                                                                                                                              POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
December 31, 2022 [1]                                                                       value           Level 1           Level 2           Level 3          fair value

Assets
Assets recorded at fair value
 Bonds
   FVPL                                                                                 143,385                   –         143,190                195          143,385

                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A
   FVOCI                                                                                 12,701                   –           12,701                  –           12,701
   Available for sale                                                                        358                  –              358                  –               358
 Mortgage and other loans
   FVPL                                                                                  32,489                   –           29,013             3,476            32,489
   FVOCI                                                                                     621                  –              621                  –               621
 Shares
   FVPL                                                                                  14,453            10,721                 86             3,646            14,453
   Available for sale                                                                        964               613                  –              351                964
 Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [2]                           697                  –                 –              697                697
 Investment properties                                                                     8,344                  –                 –            8,344             8,344
 Derivative instruments                                                                    2,480                13             2,439                28             2,480
 Other assets                                                                              3,163               320             1,903               940             3,163
                                                                                        219,655            11,667           190,311             17,677          219,655

Assets disclosed at fair value
 Bonds
   Loans and receivables                                                                      16                  –               16                  –                16
 Mortgage and other loans
   Amortized cost                                                                          4,192                  –            3,577                  –            3,577
   Loans and receivables                                                                   5,022                  –              373             4,532             4,905
                                                                                           9,230                  –            3,966             4,532             8,498
Total                                                                                   228,885            11,667           194,277             22,209          228,153


Liabilities
Liabilities recorded at fair value
  Investment contract liabilities                                                        94,810                   –           94,810                  –           94,810
  Derivative instruments                                                                   1,717                  –            1,712                  5            1,717
  Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                   1,697                86                34             1,577             1,697
  Other liabilities                                                                          291                11               180               100                291
                                                                                         98,515                 97            96,736             1,682            98,515

Liabilities disclosed at fair value
  Obligations to securitization entities                                                   4,610                  –                 –            4,544             4,544
  Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                  647                  –              650                  –               650
  Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments                                     14,727                877            12,541                28            13,446
  Deposits and certificates                                                                5,978                  –            5,978                  –            5,978
  Other liabilities                                                                          143                  –                 –              143                143
                                                                                         26,105                877            19,169             4,715            24,761
Total                                                                                   124,620                974          115,905              6,397          123,276
[1] The Corporation has elected to apply the overlay approach on an instrument-by-instrument basis and therefore includes the application of the IFRS 9 overlay for certain
    instruments.
[2] Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
    elected to be measured at FVPL.


There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2023 and 2022.




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A  231
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 30 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)


                                       Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is
                                       presented below.
                                                                                          Mortgage           Shares and investments in
                                                                                          and other     jointly controlled corporations                                      Limited-life
                                                                                                                                                                                    and      Assets         Other
                                                                                Bonds         loans                      and associates
                                                                                                                                            Investment Derivatives,         redeemable      held for        assets


PART A
                                       December 31, 2023                         FVPL          FVPL             FVPL     [2]      FVOCI [3] properties          net           fund units        sale   (liabilities)    Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                 195         3,476            4,343                351            8,344             23           (1,577)         –           840      15,995
                                         Impact of initial application
                                           of IFRS 9                                 –             –             349               (349)                –              –               –          –               –         –
                                       Restated balance,
                                        beginning of year                         195         3,476            4,692                  2            8,344             23           (1,577)         –           840      15,995
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                           Net earnings                             6           354              306                   –            (507)             (3)           (190)        25               7        (2)
                                           Other comprehensive
                                            income [1]                               –           52               (30)               18               53               –               2        (14)              –       81
                                         Purchases                                 68              –           1,445                   –             191              (3)              –         12             24      1,737
                                         Issues                                      –          578                  –                 –                –              –            (472)         –               –      106
                                         Sales                                     (17)            –            (690)               (20)            (211)              –               –        (67)             (2)   (1,007)
                                         Settlements                                 –         (150)                 –                 –                –             (9)           168           –               –         9
                                         Other [4]                                   –           (62)              74                  –                –              –            254        951           (933)       284
                                       Balance, end of year                       252         4,248            5,797                   –           7,870              8           (1,815)      907             (64)    17,203

                                       [1] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties and other assets and liabilities represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign
                                           exchange.
                                       [2] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.
                                       [3] Balance at the beginning of year represents available-for-sale shares reclassified as FVPL on transition.
                                       [4] Includes amounts reclassified to assets held for sale as a result of the agreement to sell Putnam Investments (Note 4).


                                                                                          Mortgage           Shares and investments in
                                                                                          and other     jointly controlled corporations                                      Limited-life
                                                                                Bonds         loans                      and associates                                             and      Assets         Other
                                                                                                                               Available      Investment Derivatives,       redeemable      held for        assets
                                       December 31, 2022 [1]                     FVPL          FVPL              FVPL [3]       for sale       properties         net         fund units        sale   (liabilities)    Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                 100         2,667            2,890                565            7,763              6           (1,005)         –           473      13,459
                                         Impact of application of
                                           IFRS 9 overlay                          45             6              312               (167)                –              –               –          –               –      196
                                       Restated balance,
                                        beginning of year                         145         2,673            3,202                398            7,763              6           (1,005)         –           473      13,655
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                           Net earnings                            (12)        (640)               82                60               (41)           26              (14)         –          (125)       (664)
                                           Other comprehensive
                                            income [2]                               –           (67)              28               (26)              (42)            (1)            (39)         –             30       (117)
                                         Purchases                                 82              –           1,286                 53              710              (5)              –          –           710       2,836
                                         Issues                                      –        1,693                  –                 –                –              –            (528)         –            (50)     1,115
                                         Sales                                     (20)            –            (266)              (135)              (55)             –               –          –          (168)       (644)
                                         Settlements                                 –         (161)                 –                 –                –             (3)              6          –               –      (158)
                                         Derecognition                               –           (22)               5                  –                –              –              37          –               –       20
                                         Transfers into Level 3                      –             –                2                  –                –              –             (34)         –             12        (20)
                                         Transfers out of Level 3                    –             –              (27)               (3)                –              –               –          –            (42)       (72)
                                         Other                                       –             –               31                 4                 9              –               –          –               –       44
                                       Balance, end of year                       195         3,476            4,343                351            8,344             23           (1,577)         –           840      15,995
                                       [1] The Corporation has elected to apply the overlay approach on an instrument-by-instrument basis and therefore includes the application of the IFRS 9 overlay for certain
                                           instruments.
                                       [2] Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties and other assets and liabilities represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign
                                           exchange.
                                       [3] Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.


                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
                                       redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
                                       increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
                                       pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.

                                              A  232                                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 30 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)


Significant unobservable inputs used at year-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are




                                                                                                                                                         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
presented below.
                                                                                                                    Interrelationship between key
                                                                       Significant                                  unobservable inputs and fair value
Type of asset             Valuation approach                           unobservable input   Input value             measurement

Investment properties     Investment property valuations   Discount rate                    Range of 4.2% – 11.3%   A decrease in the discount

                                                                                                                                                                                       PART A
                          are generally determined using                                                            rate would result in an
                          property valuation models based                                                           increase in fair value.
                          on expected capitalization rates
                          and models that discount                                                                  An increase in the discount
                          expected future net cash flows.                                                           rate would result in a
                          The determination of the fair                                                             decrease in fair value.
                          value of investment property
                          requires the use of estimates    Reversionary rate                Range of 4.1% – 7.8%    A decrease in the
                          such as future cash flows (such                                                           reversionary rate would
                          as future leasing assumptions,                                                            result in an increase in fair
                          rental rates, capital and                                                                 value.
                          operating expenditures) and                                                               An increase in the
                          discount, reversionary and                                                                reversionary rate would
                          overall capitalization rates                                                              result in a decrease in fair
                          applicable to the asset based                                                             value.
                          on current market rates.
                                                                       Vacancy rate         Weighted average        A decrease in the expected
                                                                                            of 4.7%                 vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                    generally result in an
                                                                                                                    increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                    An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                    vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                    generally result in
                                                                                                                    a decrease in fair value.

Mortgage and              The valuation approach for         Discount rate                  Range of 4.3% – 6.2%    A decrease in the discount
other loans –             equity-release mortgages is to                                                            rate would result in an
Equity-release            use an internal valuation model to                                                        increase in fair value.
mortgages                 determine the projected asset
(FVPL)                    cash flows, including the cost of                                                         An increase in the discount
                          the no-negative-equity guarantee                                                          rate would result in a
                          for each individual loan, to                                                              decrease in fair value.
                          aggregate these across all loans
                          and to discount those cash flows
                          back to the valuation date. The
                          projection is done monthly until
                          expected redemption of the loan
                          either voluntarily or on the
                          death/entering into long-term
                          care of the loanholders.

Shares and                The determination of the fair       Discount rate                 Various                 A decrease in the discount
investments in jointly    value of shares requires the use of                                                       rate would result in an
controlled corporations   estimates such as future cash                                                             increase in fair value.
and associates            flows, discount rates, projected
                          earnings multiples, or recent                                                             An increase in the discount
                          transactions.                                                                             rate would result in a
                                                                                                                    decrease in fair value.

Limited-life and          The determination of the fair       Discount rate                 Various                 A decrease in the discount
redeemable fund units     value of the limited-life and                                                             rate would result in an
                          redeemable fund units is based                                                            increase in fair value.
                          on the fair value of the underlying
                          fund’s investments.                                                                       An increase in the discount
                                                                                                                    rate would result in a
                                                                                                                    decrease in fair value.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                        A  233
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 31 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                    Items that may be reclassified                       Items that will not be reclassified




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                     subsequently to net earnings                                           to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                         Actuarial gains
                                                                                                                                                             (losses) on
                                                                                                                    Share of jointly                            defined     Share of jointly
                                                                                                        Foreign         controlled                               benefit        controlled
                                                                          Investment    Cash flow      currency       corporations        Investment     pension plans        corporations
                                       Year ended December 31, 2023       revaluation    hedges      translation    and associates        revaluation         and other     and associates      Total


PART A
                                       Balance, beginning of year
                                        (restated)                             (304)          40         1,202               1,087                   –               (49)               (13)   1,963
                                        Impact of initial application
                                          of IFRS 9                            (117)            –              –            (1,271)               (14)                  –           1,105       (297)
                                       Restated balance,
                                        beginning of year                      (421)          40         1,202                (184)               (14)               (49)           1,092      1,666
                                        Other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                         216          (15)           (87)                (17)              (94)              (101)               (65)    (163)
                                        Realized (gains) losses on
                                          FVOCI equity instruments
                                          transferred to retained
                                          earnings                                 –            –              –                   –               72                   –               (93)     (21)
                                        Other                                     (1)           –              –                (75)                 –                  –               90        14
                                       Balance, end of year                    (206)          25         1,115                (276)               (36)              (150)           1,024      1,496


                                                                                                    Items that may be reclassified                       Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                                     subsequently to net earnings                                           to net earnings
                                                                                                                                                         Actuarial gains
                                                                                                                                                             (losses) on
                                                                                                                    Share of jointly                            defined     Share of jointly
                                                                                                        Foreign         controlled                               benefit        controlled
                                                                          Investment    Cash flow      currency       corporations                       pension plans        corporations
                                       Year ended December 31, 2022       revaluation    hedges      translation    and associates                            and other     and associates      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year               230           17           847               1,976                                  (474)               (17)   2,579
                                        Impact of application of IFRS 9
                                          overlay                                 40            –             (6)                  –                                    –                 –       34
                                       Restated balance,
                                        beginning of year                       270           17           841               1,976                                  (474)               (17)   2,613
                                        Other comprehensive
                                          income (loss)                        (574)          23           361                (926)                                 425                   5     (686)
                                        Other                                      –            –              –                 37                                     –                (1)      36
                                       Balance, end of year                    (304)          40         1,202               1,087                                   (49)               (13)   1,963




                                             A  234                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 32 EARNINGS PER SHARE

The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:




                                                                                                                                                                                 POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                  Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                 2023                  2022

Earnings
Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                                                      2,247                  2,247


                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A
Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                                             (52)                   (52)
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                                                        2,195                  2,195
Net loss attributable to participating shareholders from discontinued operations                                                                   87                    21
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders from continuing operations                                                             2,282                  2,216
Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                                                         (5)                    (3)
Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs [1]                                                                                                       –                    (20)
Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect from continuing operations                                                                           2,277                  2,193

Number of participating shares [millions]
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                                            662.0                  670.6
 Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                                                                                  1.1                    2.9
Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                                                          663.1                  673.5


Net earnings per participating share from continuing operations
Basic                                                                                                                                            3.45                  3.30
Diluted                                                                                                                                          3.43                  3.26

Net earnings per participating share
Basic                                                                                                                                            3.32                  3.27
Diluted                                                                                                                                          3.30                  3.22
[1] Options with TSARs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash,
    they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the year, and the net
    earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.


For 2023, 1.0 million stock options (1.6 million in 2022) were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as
they were anti-dilutive.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        A  235
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 33 RELATED PARTIES

                                       TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions: subsidiaries provide
                                       insurance benefits, sub-advisory services, distribution of insurance products and/or other administrative and technology
                                       services to other subsidiaries of the group and to the Corporation; sale of residential mortgage loans; employee ownership
                                       participations; loans to employees; as well as capital commitments to investment funds, including commitments from

PART A
                                       management, performance fees and base management fees paid to alternative asset managers of the group. In all cases,
                                       these transactions are in the normal course of operations and have been recorded at fair value. Balances and transactions
                                       between the Corporation and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details
                                       of other transactions between the Corporation and related parties are disclosed below.
                                       On January 12, 2023, the Corporation and IGM completed a previously announced agreement in which IGM acquired the
                                       Corporation’s 13.9% interest held in ChinaAMC. In a separate transaction, IGM sold a 1.6% interest held in Lifeco to Power
                                       Financial (Note 7).
                                       On September 28, 2023, Lifeco and Sagard completed a transaction which expanded their existing strategic relationship with
                                       Lifeco (Note 4).
                                       On November 30, 2023, Lifeco and IGM completed the previously announced sale of 100% of IPC from IGM to Lifeco for a
                                       consideration of $585 million (Note 4). The transaction was reviewed and approved by the appropriate related party and
                                       conduct review committee.
                                       In the third quarter of 2023, a wind project in construction and a project in development were transferred from Potentia to
                                       PSEIP in exchange for consideration of $12 million in cash and units in the fund.
                                       Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
                                       pension and other post-employment benefits for employees of Power Corporation, Power Financial, and Lifeco and
                                       its subsidiaries.

                                       KEY MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION
                                       Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
                                       activities of the Corporation, directly or indirectly. The persons included in the key management personnel are the members
                                       of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, as well as certain management executives of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.
                                       The following table details all compensation paid to, awarded to, or earned by each of the key management personnel for
                                       services rendered in all capacities to the Corporation and its subsidiaries:
                                                                                                                                                           Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                          2023               2022

                                       Compensation and employee benefits                                                                                  29                  25
                                       Post-employment benefits                                                                                             1                    1
                                       Share-based payments                                                                                                23                  17
                                                                                                                                                           53                  43




                                            A  236                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 34 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions.




                                                                                                                                      POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Provisions are established if, in management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ judgment, it is probable a payment
will be required and the amount can be reliably estimated. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these
proceedings with certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the
consolidated financial position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that
any of the existing legal actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated

                                                                                                                                                                    PART A
financial position of the Corporation. Actual results could differ from the best estimates of the Corporation’s and its
subsidiaries’ management.

LIFECO
Subsidiaries of Lifeco in the United States are defendants in legal actions, including class actions, relating to the costs and
features of their retirement and fund products and the conduct of their businesses. Management of Lifeco believes the claims
are without merit and will be vigorously defending these actions. Based on the information presently known, these actions
will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Corporation.

IGM FINANCIAL
In late March 2023, IGM was notified by one of its third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were compromised due to
a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. IGM has notified impacted clients
and offered credit monitoring at no cost for two years to all clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed against
Mackenzie concerning this incident. Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current
knowledge, management of IGM does not expect the outcome of these matters to have a material adverse effect on the
financial position of the Corporation.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  237
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 35 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES

                                       GUARANTEES




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In the normal course of operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries execute agreements that provide for indemnifications
                                       to third parties in transactions such as business dispositions, business acquisitions, loans and securitization transactions and
                                       performance contract obligations. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have also agreed to indemnify their directors and
                                       certain of their officers. The nature of these agreements precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the

PART A
                                       maximum potential amount the Corporation and its subsidiaries could be required to pay third parties as the agreements
                                       often do not specify a maximum amount and the amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the
                                       nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined. Historically, the Corporation has not made any payments under such
                                       indemnification agreements. No provisions have been recognized related to these agreements.

                                       LETTERS OF CREDIT
                                       Letters of credit are written commitments provided by a bank. The total amount of letter of credit facilities at Lifeco is
                                       US$1,920 million, of which US$1,111 million were issued as of December 31, 2023.
                                       The Capital and Risk Solutions activities also periodically use letters of credit as collateral under certain reinsurance contracts
                                       for on-balance-sheet policy liabilities.
                                       Potentia and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure have issued letters of credit totalling $385 million with one-year terms
                                       to support required lender reserves, performance guarantees for operating solar assets and awarded wind power purchase
                                       agreements, as well as commitments for projects under construction.

                                       INVESTMENT COMMITMENTS
                                       With respect to Lifeco, commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations in accordance with
                                       policies and guidelines and that are to be disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions were $6,125 million as at
                                       December 31, 2023, with $6,041 million maturing within one year, $61 million maturing within two years, $15 million maturing
                                       within three years, $1 million maturing within four years and $7 million maturing within over five years.
                                       The Corporation and other subsidiaries have outstanding commitments of $335 million representing future capital
                                       contributions to investment funds and other investments.

                                       PLEDGING OF ASSETS FOR REINSURANCE AGREEMENTS
                                       In addition to the assets pledged by Lifeco disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements:
                                       (i)   The amount of assets included in the Corporation’s balance sheets which have a security interest by way of pledging is
                                             $1,462 million ($1,467 million at December 31, 2022) in respect of reinsurance agreements.
                                             In addition, under certain reinsurance contracts, bonds presented in investments are held in trust and escrow accounts.
                                             Assets are placed in these accounts pursuant to the requirements of certain legal and contractual obligations to support
                                             contract liabilities assumed.
                                       (ii) Lifeco has pledged, in the normal course of business, $72 million ($74 million at December 31, 2022) of its assets for the
                                            purpose of providing collateral for the counterparty.

                                       ENERGY SALES CONTRACTS
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure and Potentia have entered into various power purchase agreements (PPA) to sell
                                       substantially all electricity produced from its solar and wind projects to credit-rated counterparties. The contract rates are
                                       fixed for a period of 5 to 25 years.
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure has issued certain indemnifications and guarantees in relation to projects in operation
                                       and under construction. These guarantees are non-recourse to the Corporation.




                                             A  238                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 36 SEGMENTED INFORMATION

The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,




                                                                                                                                  POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
shareholders from Lifeco, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share of


                                                                                                                                                                PART A
their net earnings.
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
  Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
    services, savings, asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe.
  IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
    Canada, and institutional investors through North America, Europe and Asia.
  GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe.
    Its portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed, private and alternative investments composed of global companies,
    which are leaders in their sectors.
  Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
    presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
    company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and
    non-participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
    investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
    and non-participating and participating share dividends.
The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
     Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
     Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
     Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
     Standalone businesses representing a subsidiary, a jointly controlled corporation and an associate which are managed
      to realize value over time.
Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
control and other consolidation entries.
The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities, Lifeco
and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis. These entities
are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Lifeco, IGM, and alternative
asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective segment’s assets.
Revenues and assets are attributed to geographic areas based on the point of origin of revenues and the location of assets.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         A  239
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 36        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)


                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                             Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                   asset
                                                                                                                                                                             investment
                                       For the year ended                                                                                                     Holding     platforms and          Effect of
                                       December 31, 2023                                                          Lifeco        IGM              GBL         company               other    consolidation       Total



PART A
                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue [1]                                                  20,402              -                 -               -                -                  -    20,402
                                       Net investment income [2]                                               8,859            438                 –              12              254              (368)     9,195
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                        6,489              –                 –              55              142                (22)    6,664
                                       Fee income [3][4]                                                       5,874          3,432                 –               –              284              (113)     9,477
                                       Other [3]                                                                   -              -                 -               -              690                  –       690
                                       Total segment revenue                                                  41,624          3,870                 –              67             1,370             (503)    46,428

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses [1]                                        (15,777)              –                –                –                 –                –    (15,777)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                              (1,544)             –                –                –                 –                –      (1,544)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                (13,820)              –                –                –                 –                –    (13,820)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                          account of segregated fund policyholders                                    –            –                –                –                 –                –           –
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                          (31,141)              –                –                –                 –                –    (31,141)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                  6,994       2,562                 –             187             1,540               (69)   11,214
                                       Financing charges                                                            426         141                 –              55               137                 7       766
                                       Total other expenses                                                       7,420       2,703                 –             242             1,677               (62)   11,980
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                            3,063       1,167                 –            (175)             (307)            (441)      3,307
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
                                         jointly controlled corporations and associates                               5         200             423                99                 1             (113)       615
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                               3,068       1,367             423                (76)            (306)            (554)      3,922
                                       Income taxes                                                                  53         214               –                 42               (31)             (15)       263
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations                                    3,015       1,153             423              (118)             (275)            (539)      3,659
                                       Net loss from discontinued operations [Note 4]                              (124)          –               –                 –                 –                –        (124)
                                       Net earnings                                                               2,891       1,153             423              (118)             (275)            (539)      3,535

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                               1,078         709               –               138                (98)           (539)      1,288
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                              –           –               –                52                  –               –          52
                                          Participating shareholders [6][7]                                       1,813         444             423              (308)             (177)               –       2,195
                                                                                                                  2,891       1,153             423              (118)             (275)            (539)      3,535
                                       [1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       [3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       [4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       [5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       [6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
                                           includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       [7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                              A  240                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 36        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)


TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES




                                                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                Alternative
                                                                                                                                      asset
                                                                                                                                investment
                                                                                                                   Holding   platforms and          Effect of
December 31, 2023                                                         Lifeco          IGM          GBL        company             other    consolidation               Total



                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
Cash and cash equivalents                                                 7,742           545             –         1,218              639                (207)        9,937
Investments                                                            217,868           5,260            –           107             2,017               110        225,362
Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
  investment platforms and other                                            833          1,301            –        21,527                 –         (23,661)                   –
Investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates                                                            367          3,070       3,717               3            1,392               (397)        8,152
Assets held for sale                                                      4,467              –            –              –                –                  –         4,467
Other assets                                                            43,264           4,599            –           282             9,439               (300)       57,284
Goodwill and intangible assets                                          15,928           3,901            –              2            1,490                 (1)       21,320
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                        422,956               –            –              –                –                  –       422,956
Total assets [1]                                                       713,425          18,676       3,717         23,139           14,977          (24,456)         749,478

Insurance and investment contract liabilities                          233,307               –            –              –                –                  –       233,307
Liabilities held for sale                                                 2,407              –            –              –                –                  –         2,407
Obligations to securitization entities                                          –        4,688            –              –                –                  –         4,688
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                        –            –            –           647                 –                  –             647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                  9,046          2,400            –           250             3,017                (88)       14,625
Other liabilities                                                       15,663           4,855            –           986             8,509               (430)       29,583
Insurance and investment contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders                                     422,956               –            –              –                –                  –       422,956
Total liabilities                                                      683,379          11,943            –         1,883           11,526                (518)      708,213
[1] Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


TOTAL ASSETS AND TOTAL REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION
                                                                                                                                                Europe
December 31, 2023                                                                                    Canada         United States             and other                    Total

Investments and cash and cash equivalents                                                            96,647              91,498                47,154                235,299
Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                           947               1,420                  5,785                 8,152
Assets held for sale                                                                                          –           4,467                       –                4,467
Other assets                                                                                         19,243              30,236                  7,805                57,284
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                       11,739               6,465                  3,116                21,320
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                            101,250             179,770                141,936                422,956
Total assets                                                                                       229,826             313,856                205,796                749,478

Total revenues                                                                                       21,293              12,243                12,892                 46,428




                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             A  241
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 36     SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)


                                       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                      Alternative
                                                                                                                                                            asset
                                                                                                                                                      investment
                                                                                                                                       Holding     platforms and           Effect of
                                       December 31, 2023                                               Lifeco             IGM         company               other     consolidation      Total



PART A
                                       Operating activities                                             5,203             837            1,488                 (90)         (1,505)     5,933
                                       Financing activities                                            (3,550)           (204)          (2,110)             1,657            1,404     (2,803)
                                       Investing activities                                              (786)         (1,161)             563             (1,418)             181     (2,621)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                          cash and cash equivalents                                       (40)               –                –                (3)               (2)      (45)
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                  827             (528)              (59)             146                78       464
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                    7,290           1,073             1,277               493              (285)     9,848
                                       Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued
                                         operations, end of year                                       8,117             545             1,218               639              (207)    10,312
                                       Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations,
                                         end of year [Note 4]                                           (375)                –                –                  –                –      (375)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations,
                                         end of year                                                   7,742             545             1,218               639              (207)     9,937




                                             A  242                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




NOTE 36        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)


CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS




                                                                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                   Alternative
                                                                                                                                         asset
For the year ended                                                                                                                 investment
December 31, 2022                                                                                                   Holding     platforms and         Effect of
(restated)                                                                  Lifeco         IGM           GBL       company               other   consolidation             Total



                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A
Segment revenue
Insurance revenue [1]                                                     19,632              –             –              –                –               –          19,632
Net investment income [2]                                                  7,573            25              –            49               (65)             31           7,613
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [2]                         (31,000)            (1)            –             (1)               5              19         (30,978)
Fee income [3][4]                                                          5,158         3,431              –              –             253             (112)          8,730
Other [3]                                                                      –              –             –              –             537                –             537
Total segment revenue                                                      1,363         3,455              –            48              730               (62)         5,534

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses [1]                                           (15,272)             –             –              –                –                –        (15,272)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts [1]                                 (1,531)            –             –              –                –                –          (1,531)
Net investment result from insurance activities [2][5]                    26,012              –             –              –                –                –         26,012
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
   account of segregated fund policyholders                                      –            –             –              –                –                –                –
Total other insurance and investment results                               9,209              –             –              –                –                –          9,209

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses [4]                                  6,136         2,429              –           125            1,089               (96)         9,683
Financing charges                                                            393           114              –            55               94                16            672
Total other expenses                                                       6,529         2,543              –           180            1,183               (80)       10,355
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                            4,043          912               –          (132)            (453)              18           4,388
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in
  jointly controlled corporations and associates                               21         211            (15)            57             (146)            (162)              (34)
Earnings before income taxes                                               4,064         1,123           (15)            (75)           (599)            (144)          4,354
Income taxes                                                                 394           250             –               4               (8)              6             646
Net earnings from continuing operations                                    3,670          873            (15)            (79)           (591)            (150)          3,708
Net loss from discontinued operations [Note 4]                                (32)          –              –               –               –                –              (32)
Net earnings                                                               3,638          873            (15)            (79)           (591)            (150)          3,676

Attributable to
  Non-controlling interests                                                1,273          319              –            135             (148)            (150)          1,429
  Non-participating shareholders                                               –            –              –             52                –                –              52
  Participating shareholders [6][7]                                        2,365          554            (15)          (266)            (443)               –           2,195
                                                                           3,638          873            (15)            (79)           (591)            (150)          3,676
[1] Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
[2] Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
[3] Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
[4] Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
[5] Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
[6] The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
    includes the effect of consolidation.
[7] The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common control based on their respective interests.




                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            A  243
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       NOTE 36        SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)


                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                           Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                 asset
                                                                                                                                                                           investment
                                       December 31, 2022                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and            Effect of
                                       (restated)                                                             Lifeco           IGM              GBL         company              other      consolidation         Total



PART A
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                             7,290           1,073                 –           1,277               493                 (285)     9,848
                                       Investments                                                         215,024           5,199                 –             194             1,976                 152     222,545
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                        702           1,536                 –         20,710                   –          (22,948)             –
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                        207           1,112           3,314               783             1,147                  (47)     6,516
                                       Other assets                                                         44,260           5,652                 –             310             4,664                 (209)    54,677
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                       17,271           4,173                 –                2            1,487                    –     22,933
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                     387,882                –                –                –                 –                   –    387,882
                                       Total assets [1]                                                    672,636         18,745            3,314           23,276              9,767           (23,337)      704,401

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                       230,248                –                –                –                 –                   –    230,248
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                     –          4,610                 –                –                 –                   –      4,610
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                   –               –                –             647                  –                   –       647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                             10,509           2,100                 –             250             1,956                  (88)    14,727
                                       Other liabilities                                                    14,772           5,900                 –             987             4,366                 (317)    25,708
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                  387,882                –                –                –                 –                   –    387,882
                                       Total liabilities                                                   643,411         12,610                  –           1,884             6,322                 (405)   663,822
                                       [1] Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND TOTAL REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION
                                       December 31, 2022                                                                                                                                     Europe
                                       (restated)                                                                                            Canada           United States                and other              Total

                                       Investments and cash and cash equivalents                                                             93,386                 95,332                  43,675             232,393
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                             895                    289                   5,332              6,516
                                       Other assets                                                                                          14,658                 32,470                    7,549             54,677
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                        11,503                  8,155                    3,275             22,933
                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                               93,816               166,274                  127,792             387,882
                                       Total assets                                                                                         214,258               302,520                  187,623             704,401

                                       Total revenues                                                                                          6,550                 (3,215)                  2,199              5,534


                                       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                                           Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                 asset
                                                                                                                                                                           investment
                                       December 31, 2022                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and            Effect of
                                       (restated)                                                                            Lifeco             IGM         company              other      consolidation         Total

                                       Operating activities                                                                  3,772             738             1,473                (34)          (1,695)        4,254
                                       Financing activities                                                                   (620)          (1,092)          (1,891)            1,146             1,509          (948)
                                       Investing activities                                                                 (2,218)            135                60             (1,392)               165      (3,250)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                                            281                  –                –               14                  (12)      283
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                      1,215             (219)            (358)             (266)                 (33)      339
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                                      6,075           1,292             1,635               759                 (252)     9,509
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                7,290           1,073             1,277               493                 (285)     9,848




                                             A  244                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Shareholders of Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation of Canada (the “Corporation”), which comprise
the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the consolidated statements


                                                                                                                                                                     PART A
of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and
notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information (collectively referred to as
the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Corporation as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 and January 1, 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the
years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian GAAS”). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Corporation in accordance with the ethical requirements that
are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.

INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES – REFER TO NOTES 2 AND 11 TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Key Audit Matter Description
Great-West Lifeco Inc., a publicly traded operating subsidiary of the Corporation (thereafter, “Lifeco”), has insurance contract
liabilities representing a significant portion of the Corporation’s total liabilities. Insurance contract liabilities are determined
in accordance with IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (“IFRS 17”). This requires the use of complex valuation models and
assumptions to measure groups of contracts as the total of fulfillment cash flows, plus a risk adjustment for non-financial risk
and contractual service margin (“CSM”). The CSM component is only relevant for groups of insurance contracts measured
using the general measurement model and the variable fee approach.
While there is considerable judgment applied by management of Lifeco and inherent uncertainty in selecting assumptions,
the assumptions with the greatest estimation uncertainty are related to mortality, policyholder behaviour and discount rates.
These assumptions required significant auditor attention in specific circumstances where (i) there is limited Lifeco and industry
experience data, and (ii) the historical experience may not be a good indicator of the future and (iii) the determination of
discount rates requires complex calculation and measurement of unobservable market inputs. Auditing of certain valuation
models and significant assumptions (mortality, policyholder behaviour and discount rate) required a high degree of auditor
judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve actuarial and fair value specialists.
How the Key Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to certain valuation models and significant assumptions included the following, among others:
   With the assistance of actuarial and fair value specialists, tested the appropriateness of certain valuation models used in
    the valuation process by:
        Calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance policies and
         comparing the results to Lifeco’s estimate;
        Testing the accuracy of certain valuation models for changes in key assumptions.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  245
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)


                                          With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the reasonableness of mortality and policyholder behaviour




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           assumptions by:
                                               Evaluating whether management of Lifeco’s assumptions were determined in accordance with the requirements of
                                                IFRS 17;
                                               Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the assumptions;

PART A
                                               Analyzing management of Lifeco’s interpretation and judgment of its experience study results and emerging claims
                                                experience, evaluating new and revised key assumptions, assessing reasonable possible alternative assumptions,
                                                and considering industry and other external sources of benchmarking, where applicable.
                                          With the assistance of actuarial and fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates used by:
                                               Evaluating whether management of Lifeco’s assumptions and methodologies were determined in accordance with
                                                the requirements of IFRS 17;
                                               Testing the inputs and source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and developing a range
                                                of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management of Lifeco.

                                       ADOPTION OF NEW AND AMENDED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS - IFRS 17 - REFER TO NOTE 3 TO THE
                                       FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                       Key Audit Matter Description
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries adopted IFRS 17 effective January 1, 2023, which impacted primarily Lifeco. The
                                       adoption of IFRS 17 was done on a retrospective basis which had an impact on the Corporation’s January 1, 2022 opening
                                       equity balances. IFRS 17 is a complex accounting standard requiring considerable judgment and interpretation in its
                                       implementation, and impacts how Lifeco, due to its insurance activities, recognizes, measures, presents and discloses
                                       insurance contracts. In adopting the new standard, Lifeco used significant judgment in developing and implementing
                                       accounting policies, including policies specific to transition. Of particular importance, Lifeco elected to use the fair value
                                       approach for groups of contracts where full retrospective application was impracticable. Under the fair value approach, the
                                       CSM at transition is equal to the fair value of a group of insurance contracts less the fulfillment cash flows measured at that
                                       date.
                                       There are many components embedded in the determination of the fair value for groups of insurance contracts that required
                                       management of Lifeco to use significant judgment in making estimates and assumptions related to (1) the appropriateness of
                                       the fair value methodology and calculations, (2) the appropriateness of the fair value adjustments to fulfillment cash flows and
                                       (3) the appropriateness of the discount rates. Auditing of the development and implementation of IFRS 17 accounting policies
                                       and the judgments, assumptions and estimates used in the fair value determination for groups of contracts required a high
                                       degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve fair value, technical
                                       accounting and actuarial specialists.
                                       How the Key Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit
                                       With the assistance of various specialists, our audit procedures related to the development and implementation of IFRS 17
                                       accounting policies and judgments, assumptions and estimates used in the fair value determination for groups of insurance
                                       contracts as at January 1, 2022 included the following, among others:
                                          Evaluated the appropriateness of management of Lifeco’s accounting policies and tested that they were appropriately
                                           implemented.
                                          Evaluated the fair value approach methodology and related fair value adjustments against the requirements of IFRS 17
                                           and IFRS 13, Fair Value Measurement (“IFRS 13”) by:
                                               Evaluating the methodologies and fair value adjustments and their applicability under IFRS 17 and IFRS 13;
                                               Examining the audited historical projected cashflows and assumptions to ensure they are incorporated into the
                                                transition valuation models as applicable;
                                               Evaluating new and revised key assumptions under IFRS 17;
                                               Testing the appropriateness of certain valuation models used in the estimation process by calculating an
                                                independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance policies and comparing the results
                                                to Lifeco’s estimate.




                                            A  246                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)


     Evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates used to determine fair value by:




                                                                                                                                   POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
          Evaluating whether management of Lifeco’s assumptions and methodologies were determined in accordance with
           the requirements of IFRS 17 and IFRS 13;
          Testing the inputs and source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and developing a range
           of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by management of Lifeco.

Other Information                                                                                                                                                PART A
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
     Management’s Discussion and Analysis, and
     The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the Annual Report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have
performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this regard.
The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on the work we will
perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact to those charged with governance.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and
for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Corporation’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
management either intends to liquidate the Corporation or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Corporation’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian GAAS will always
detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
      and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
      provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
      override of internal control.
     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal
      control.
     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by management.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                        A  247
                                       POW E R COR POR AT IO N OF CANADA




                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)


                                            Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit




         POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                               evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
                                               on the Corporation’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
                                               required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such
                                               disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
                                               date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Corporation to cease to continue as a

PART A
                                               going concern.
                                            Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and
                                               whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
                                               presentation.
                                            Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
                                               the Corporation to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
                                               performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
                                       We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
                                       audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
                                       We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
                                       regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
                                       to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
                                       From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
                                       significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
                                       We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
                                       when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the
                                       adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
                                       communication.
                                       The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Matthew J. Welchinski.




                                       /s/ Deloitte LLP1
                                       __________________________
                                       1   CPA auditor, public accountancy permit No. TA149936



                                       March 20, 2024
                                       Montréal, Québec




                                                 A  248                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
    Great-West Lifeco Inc.
    PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 99




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page




                                                                                             GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.

                                                                                                                      PART B

The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.com. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         B  1
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis

                                  This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial performance and cash
                                  flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023 and includes a comparison
                                  to the corresponding periods in 2022, to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and to the Company’s financial condition as at
                                  December 31, 2022, as applicable. The comparative 2022 periods are restated and audited to reflect the adoption of IFRS 17, Insurance
                                  Contracts and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments. This MD&A provides an overall discussion, followed by analysis of the performance of Lifeco's
                                  four major reportable segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions.

                                  Businesses of Lifeco
                                  Lifeco has operations in Canada, the U.S. and Europe through The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life), Empower Annuity
                                  Insurance Company of America (Empower, formerly known Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance Company), and Irish Life Group Limited
                                  (Irish Life). On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments (Putnam) to Franklin Resources, Inc.,
                                  operating as "Franklin Templeton". As a result of the transaction, Putnam is presented as discontinued operations throughout this document.
                                  In Canada, Canada Life offers a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for individuals, families, businesses and organizations
                                  through three primary business units: Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth Management and Insurance & Annuities. Through Workplace
                                  Solutions, the Company provides life, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental protection, creditor
                                  insurance as well as retirement savings and income and annuity products and other specialty products to group clients in Canada. These
                                  products are distributed through an extensive network of group sales offices located across the country through brokers, consultants and
                                  financial security advisors. Through Individual Wealth Management, the Company provides wealth savings and income products and services
                                  to individual customers. Through Insurance & Annuities, the Company provides individual life, disability and critical illness insurance
                                  products and services, as well as individual life annuities to individual customers. These individual insurance and wealth products are
                                  distributed through multiple channels: Advisor Solutions, managing general agencies (MGAs), national accounts and Financial Horizons
                                  Group.
                                  In the U.S., Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower) is a leading provider of employer-sponsored retirement savings plans
                                  in the public/non-profit and corporate sectors. Empower consists of Empower Defined Contribution, which aligns with the Workplace
                                  Solutions business value driver, offering saving, investment and advisory services through employer-sponsored plans. Empower Personal
                                  Wealth, which operates under the Wealth & Asset Management value driver, offers individual product solutions and provides retail wealth
                                  management products and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and after-tax investment accounts. Empower's
                                  products and services are marketed nationwide through its sales force, brokers, consultants, advisors, third-party administrators and financial
                                  institutions.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Europe segment is comprised of three distinct business units: Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth & Asset Management and Insurance
                                  & Annuities, and serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland and Germany, offering individual and group protection and wealth


PART B
                                  management products, including payout annuity products, equity release mortgages, pensions and investments products. The Company
                                  operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland along with other acquired brands
                                  within the broker market in Ireland.
                                  The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes the Reinsurance business unit under the Insurance & Risk Solutions value driver, which
                                  operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided through Canada Life and its subsidiaries
                                  and include both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or through reinsurance brokers. As a retrocessionaire,
                                  the Company provides reinsurance to other reinsurers to enable those companies to manage their insurance risk.
                                  Lifeco currently has no other material holdings and carries on no business or activities unrelated to its holdings in Canada Life, Empower, Irish
                                  Life and their subsidiaries. However, Lifeco is not restricted to investing in those companies and may make other investments in the future.

                                  Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  The consolidated financial statements of Lifeco, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been prepared in accordance with
                                  International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) unless otherwise noted
                                  and are presented in millions of Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Company's
                                  annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 which reflect the adoption of IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts, and
                                  IFRS 9, Financial Instruments that resulted in the restatement of certain comparative amounts.




                                  16   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   2
                                       B  2                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
This MD&A contains forward-looking information. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or
refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as "will", "may", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "plans", "believes", "estimates",
"objective", "target", "potential" and other similar expressions or negative versions thereof. Forward-looking information includes, without limitation,
statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix), financial condition, expected financial performance (including
revenues, earnings or growth rates, medium-term financial objectives and base earnings objectives for the Empower business), strategies and
prospects, climate-related and diversity-related measures, objectives, goals, ambitions and commitments, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions
and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue and expense synergies), expected expenditures or
investments (including but not limited to investment in technology infrastructure and digital capabilities and solutions and investments in strategic
partnerships), value creation and realization and growth opportunities, expected dividend levels, expected cost reductions and savings, expected
capital management activities and use of capital, estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital adequacy ratios, anticipated global economic
conditions, the timing and completion of the proposed sale of Canada Life U.K.’s individual onshore protection business, and the impact of
regulatory developments on the Company’s business strategy and growth objectives.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, mutual fund and retirement solutions industries. They are
not guarantees of future performance, and the reader is cautioned that actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or
implied by forward-looking statements. Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company
and there is no assurance that they will prove to be correct. In particular, in setting its objective to achieve base earnings growth in the Empower
business of 15-20% in 2024, management has assumed the completion of the integration of the Prudential Financial, Inc. (Prudential) business in the
first half of 2024, the full realization of pre-tax expense synergies of US$180 million related to the Prudential acquisition by the completion of
integration, pre-tax revenue synergies related to the Prudential acquisition of US$20 million by the end of 2024, and that the performance of equity,
interest rate and credit markets during the relevant period is consistent with management’s expectations, which take into account current market
information and assume no credit impairments. In arriving at our preliminary assessment of the Company’s potential exposure to Pillar Two income
taxes and our expectation regarding the impact on our effective income tax rate and base earnings, management has relied on its interpretation of the
relevant legislation. It has also assumed a starting point of its current mix of business and base earnings growth consistent with management’s base
earnings objectives disclosed in this MD&A. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking information may depend on
numerous factors, developments and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and leverage acquisitions and achieve
anticipated benefits and synergies, the achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the acquisition of the Prudential
retirement business, the Company’s ability to execute strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the Company’s reputation,
business competition, assumptions around sales, pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions, withdrawals and




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience, expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital markets (including continued
access to equity and debt markets and credit instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and related economic impacts,
interest and foreign exchange rates, inflation levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns, hedging activities, financial
condition of industry sectors and individual issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit ratings, taxes, impairments of


                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
goodwill and other intangible assets, technological changes, breaches or failure of information systems and security (including cyber attacks),
assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in local and international laws and regulations, changes in accounting policies and the effect of
applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events,
continuity and availability of personnel and third party service providers, unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities, customer and employee
relations, levels of administrative and operational efficiencies, and other general economic, political and market factors in North America and
internationally.
The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list of assumptions and factors is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with
securities regulators, including factors set out in the "Risk Management and Control Practices" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates"
sections of this document and in the Company's annual information form dated February 14, 2024 under "Risk Factors", which, along with other
filings, is available for review at www.sedarplus.com. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential
events carefully and not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.
Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.

Important Note Regarding Sustainability Disclosure
Certain forward-looking statements in this MD&A relate to the Company’s climate-related and diversity-related measures, objectives, goals,
priorities, strategies and commitments or actions that will be taken to achieve them. The climate-related statements include statements with respect
to achieving net-zero GHG emissions for its operating and financing activities by 2050, the Company’s initial interim net zero goals for operations and
investments, the Company’s plan to review and revise initial interim net zero goals as appropriate, the causes and potential impacts of climate change
globally, and the Company’s approach to identifying and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. The diversity-related statements include
statements with respect to growing representation of women and underrepresented minorities in management. The forward-looking information in
this update is presented for the purpose of assisting our stakeholders in understanding how we currently intend to address climate-related and
diversity-related governance, strategy, risks, opportunities, and objectives, and is not appropriate for other purposes.
Any commitments, objectives, goals, ambitions or targets discussed here, including but not limited to the Company’s net-zero related goals
(including interim net zero goals) and diversity-related measures, are aspirational. They may need to change or be recalibrated as data improve and
as climate science, regulatory requirements and market practices regarding standards, methodologies, metrics and measurements evolve. Our
climate risk analysis and net-zero strategy remain under development, and the data underlying our analysis and strategy remain subject to evolution
over time and the scope of assets to be included in our 2050 net zero related goals, remains under review. We are also continuing to develop our
diversity-related data. There is a strong possibility that our expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions and conclusions may not prove to be
accurate and our assumptions may prove to be incorrect, and there is a material risk we will not achieve our climate- related and diversity-related
goals, objectives, ambitions, strategies and commitments. In addition, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics and measurements used in
preparing these forward-looking statements are not audited or independently verified, have limited comparability and continue to evolve.




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   17
                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       3

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  3
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Any goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, commitments or targets discussed in this MD&A, may also need to change or be recalibrated to meet our
                                  other strategic objectives and the reasonable expectations of our stakeholders, including expectations around financial performance. As a financial
                                  services company, our primary purpose is to provide our clients and customers with solutions to meet their financial security needs and to deliver on
                                  the promises we make to them. Our ability to fulfil this corporate purpose depends in large part on effective and responsible capital allocation and the
                                  ability to create value within the boundaries of our stakeholders’ expectations, including expectations around financial performance. The path to
                                  achieving net zero and our climate-related objectives will require significant investment, resources, systems and technologies by third parties we do
                                  not control. Faced with a wide range of stakeholder interests, we will need to effectively manage trade-offs and make choices about how to deploy
                                  financial and human capital. These choices could include prioritizing other strategic objectives over our climate-related goals in pursuit of fulfilling
                                  our primary purpose, delivering value to our stakeholders and meeting expectations around financial performance. As our business, our industry and
                                  climate science evolve over time, we may need to adjust our climate-related goals and our approach to meeting them. We will also need to remain
                                  thoughtful about the regulatory and business environment of the jurisdictions in which we operate, as our ability to achieve our climate goals is
                                  contingent on the success of our partners and communities.
                                  We caution readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements because numerous factors (many of which are beyond the control of
                                  the Company) may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking information and impact the
                                  Company’s ability to achieve its climate-related and diversity-related goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, strategies and targets. These factors
                                  include, without limitation, the transition to a low-carbon economy, the need for more and better climate data and standardization of climate-related
                                  measurement methodologies, our ability to gather and verify data, our ability to develop indicators to effectively monitor our advancements and
                                  assess and manage climate-related risks, the need for active and continued action by stakeholders (including governmental and non-governmental
                                  organizations, our counterparties and other businesses and individuals), trade-offs and choices we make that prioritize other strategic objectives and
                                  financial performance over our climate-related objectives, the ability of clients, regulators and suppliers to meet and report on their publicly stated
                                  emissions and commitments, the viability of third-party decarbonization scenarios, the availability of carbon offset and renewable energy
                                  instruments on economically feasible terms, compliance with our policies and procedures, our ability to recruit and retain key personnel in a
                                  competitive environment for talent, technological advancements, the evolution of consumer behaviour, varying decarbonization efforts across
                                  economies, the challenges of balancing emission reduction objectives with an orderly, just and inclusive transition and geopolitical factors that
                                  impact global energy needs, the legal and regulatory environment, and regulatory compliance considerations. In relation to our climate-related
                                  objectives, goals, objectives, priorities, ambitions, strategies and targets, there are limitations and uncertainties inherent in climate science, climate
                                  risk analysis and reporting. The Company has made good faith approximations and assumptions in establishing its interim Scope 1 and 2 reduction
                                  goals and initial reduction goals for Scope 3 financed emissions. However, there are many factors that are the subject of ongoing climate science and
                                  that we cannot foresee or accurately predict which will impact our ability to achieve those goals.

                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National
                                  Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but
                                  are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", "base earnings: insurance service result", "base earnings: net investment

PART B
                                  result", "assets under management" and "assets under administration". Terms by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not limited
                                  to, “base earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, "base dividend payout ratio" and “effective income tax rate – base
                                  earnings – common shareholders”. Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios are used to provide management and investors with additional
                                  measures of performance to help assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS) measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial measures and
                                  ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by GAAP (IFRS) and are not directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
                                  Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial
                                  measures to measures prescribed by GAAP as well as additional details on each measure and ratio.




                                  18   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   4
                                       B  4                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Consolidated Operating Results

    Selected consolidated financial information
                                                                                           As at or for the three months ended                   For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                   Dec. 31                                Dec. 31
                                                                                           Dec. 31            Sept. 30              2022             Dec. 31               2022
    (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                                      2023               2023               (Restated)          2023               (Restated)
    Base earnings1,5                                                                   $         971      $          950      $        894      $           3,667 $              3,318
    Net earnings from continuing operations3                                                     743                 936               478                  2,862                3,628
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                           740                 905               452                  2,738                3,596
      Per common share
        Basic:
          Base earnings2,5                                                                       1.04                1.02              0.96                   3.94                   3.56
          Net earnings from continuing operations                                                0.80                1.01              0.51                   3.07                   3.89
          Net earnings                                                                           0.79                0.97              0.48                   2.94                   3.86
        Dividends paid                                                                           0.52                0.52              0.49                   2.08                   1.96
                     3
        Book value                                                                              24.26               24.01            23.28
    Base return on equity2,5                                                                     16.6 %              16.4 %            15.8 %
    Return on equity - continuing operations3                                                    12.4 %              11.2 %            17.2 %
    Base dividend payout ratio2,5                                                                50.0 %              51.0 %            51.0 %
    Dividend payout ratio3                                                                       65.6 %              53.5 %          102.1 %
    Financial leverage ratio4                                                                     30 %                31 %               33 %

    Total assets per financial statements                                              $       713,230    $        680,010    $     672,206
    Total assets under management1,8                                                       1,095,374          1,032,857           1,003,940




                                                                                                                                                                                            GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total assets under administration1,8                                                   2,852,540          2,628,364           2,468,463

    Total contractual service margin (net of reinsurance held)                         $        12,635    $         13,054    $      13,123

    Total equity                                                                       $        29,851    $         29,529    $      28,795                                                                          PART B
                                                                            6
    Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT Ratio                                       128 %              128%
    Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT Ratio -
      proforma7                                                                                                                        130 %

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
4
     The calculation for financial leverage ratio includes the after-tax non-participating contractual service margin (CSM) balance in the denominator, other than CSM associated with
     segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT. These ratios are estimates based on available data.
5
     Comparative results are restated to exclude net earnings (losses) from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
6
     The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Lifeco's major Canadian operating subsidiary.
     The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital
     Management and Adequacy" section of this document for additional details.
7
     Proforma estimates of The Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated LICAT ratio are estimated based on the retrospective application of the 2023 LICAT Guideline to 2022
     financial results which have been restated to reflect the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9. Proforma LICAT ratios are intended only to provide an estimate of the direction and
     magnitude of the impact of adopting the 2023 LICAT Guideline under IFRS 17. Refer to the Cautionary Notes at the beginning of this document for additional information on the use of
     proforma estimates.
8
     At December 31, 2023, other assets under management included $161.6 billion related to the discontinued operations of Putnam Investments.




                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     19
                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis          5

                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                B  5
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Lifeco 2023 Highlights
                                  Financial Performance
                                  •          For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, base earnings per common share were $3.94 compared to $3.56 a year ago, an increase
                                             of 11%, reflecting strong business growth and positive investment returns. 2023 base earnings of $3,667 million were up $349 million or
                                             11% compared to 2022 base earnings of $3,318 million. The increase in base earnings year-over-year was driven by organic growth at
                                             Empower, the impact of higher average equity markets on net fee and spread income as well as an additional quarter of Prudential-related
                                             earnings in the U.S. segment. Higher base earnings in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment was mainly the result of higher structured
                                             reinsurance business earnings and a provision for estimated claims related to Hurricane Ian of $128 million in 2022.
                                  •          For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net earnings per common share decreased 24% to $2.94 compared to the previous year.
                                             Market experience relative to expectations decreased by $837 million to negative $307 million compared to 2022, primarily due to large
                                             interest rate increases in 2022 which had a significant positive impact. 2023 results also included net business transformation charges and
                                             realized losses on the sale of surplus assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, primarily in the Europe and U.S.
                                             segments.
                                  •          For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Lifeco’s combined quarterly dividends paid to common shareholders increased by 6% to
                                             $2.08 per share.
                                  •          The Company maintained its strong capital position as evidenced by a Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio at
                                             December 31, 2023 of 128% for Canada Life, Lifeco’s major operating subsidiary, which exceeded the OSFI Supervisory Target Total Ratio
                                             of 100%, and Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. In conjunction with the transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, the Company made
                                             certain asset liability matching (ALM) and accounting policy choices to increase the stability of regulatory capital. As a result, Canada Life's
                                             LICAT ratio demonstrated increased stability throughout 2023.
                                  •          The Company’s financial leverage ratio at December 31, 2023 was 30% compared to 33% in the previous year. This reduction is due to an
                                             increase in equity and the repayment of a temporary US$500 million increase in short-term debt financing used to fund the acquisition of
                                             the retirement services business of Prudential as well as the repayment of the principal amount of its maturing 2.50% €500 million senior
                                             bonds, together with accrued interest.

                                  Medium-Term Financial Objectives




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Company measures performance against its medium-term financial objectives, with medium-term defined as 3 to 5 years. The Company
                                  aims to create value through disciplined capital deployment to achieve, over the medium-term, 8-10% base EPS growth per annum, 16-17%
                                  base return on equity (ROE) and to deliver strong cash generation.


PART B
                                  The Company has also stated its objective to achieve base earnings growth in Empower of 15-20% in 2024.

                                                                                                                                                                   1-Year                                  5-Year
                                      Medium-Term Financial Objectives                                                                                              Base1                                  Base1,2
                                      8-10% base EPS growth per annum1                                                                                               11%                                 11% CAGR
                                      16-17% base ROE (IFRS 17)1,3                                                                                                   17%                               16% average3
                                      Target dividend payout ratio 45-55% of base earnings1                                                                          53%                                56% average
                                  1
                                          This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                          2018 base earnings were calculated by excluding items from net earnings as discussed in the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of the Company’s Q4 2023 MD&A. In
                                          addition, the Company excluded earnings related to the business transferred to Protective Life under an indemnity reinsurance agreement in 2019 to provide a more accurate
                                          comparison for the 5-year growth rate. 2018 base earnings were $2,380 million and base earnings per share was $2.41 compared to net earnings of $2,961 million and net earnings per
                                          share of $3.00. Items excluded from 2018 base earnings included a positive impact on actuarial assumption changes and management actions of $616 million, a positive impact on
                                          market-related impacts on liabilities of $29 million, restructuring costs of $56 million, a legal accrual of $13 million, a net benefit on tax legislative impacts of $5 million and $135
                                          million of earnings related to the business transferred to Protective Life. For purposes of calculating the 5-year growth rate for base EPS under IFRS 17, amortization of acquisition
                                          related finite life intangible assets of $41 million after-tax was added back to 2018 base earnings. With this adjustment, 2018 base earnings were $2,286 million and base EPS of $2.31.
                                  3
                                          This is the 2-year average base ROE under IFRS 17. The 3-year average base ROE under IFRS 4 is 14%. The prior base ROE medium-term objective was 14% - 15% under IFRS 4.

                                  2023 Developments
                                  As the Company is advancing its business strategy and driving momentum across the portfolio, it is enhancing its reporting and disclosures to
                                  provide greater clarity and transparency into how the Company is creating value for shareholders and growing the business. The result is that
                                  the Company is evolving the previous value-creation priorities to focus on three key value drivers for its business: Workplace Solutions, Wealth
                                  & Asset Management and Insurance & Risk Solutions.

                                  Strategic Highlights and Transactions
                                  The Company announced the following strategic business actions to add scale, grow and extend the Company's businesses.

                                  United States
                                      •      Subsequent to December 31, 2023, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin
                                             Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton", in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and other deferred and
                                             contingent consideration. The transaction is not expected to have a material financial impact for Lifeco at close and will be reflected in the
                                             first quarter 2024 results. Lifeco will retain its controlling interest in PanAgora Asset Management, a leading quantitative asset manager,
                                             and has agreed to retain shares representing approximately 4.9% of outstanding Franklin Templeton stock for a minimum 5-year period.



                                  20         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis               6
                                              B  6                                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


        In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with Power Corporation of Canada and Franklin Templeton, has entered into a strategic partnership to
        distribute Franklin Templeton products. Lifeco will provide an initial long-term asset allocation of US$25 billion assets under
        management1 to Franklin Templeton within 12 months of closing with the potential for that amount to increase over the next several years.
•       In the first quarter of 2023, Empower launched Empower Personal Wealth with an expanded focus on retail wealth management. This new
        business is working to make money management simpler, clearer, and more accessible by bringing together everything a customer owns
        and owes in one comprehensive dashboard that they and their advisor can leverage to take control of their personal wealth. The results of
        the business acquired from Personal Capital are now included within Empower Personal Wealth results.

Canada
•       On November 30, 2023, Canada Life completed the previously announced acquisition of Investment Planning Counsel Inc. (IPC), a leading
        independent wealth management firm, from IGM Financial Inc. (IGM). This acquisition accelerates our strategy of building the leading
        platform for independent advisors in Canada. With this acquisition, Canada Life is one of the largest non-bank wealth management
        providers in Canada. Canada Life acquired IPC for a total purchase consideration of $585 million. Transaction and integration costs of $25
        million pre-tax are expected over the 18 months following the closing of the acquisition. IGM is an affiliated company and a member of the
        Power Corporation group of companies.
•       On September 8, 2023, Canada Life completed the previously announced acquisition of Value Partners Group Inc. (Value Partners),
        bringing complementary capabilities that will further extend wealth offerings for advisors and their clients. This acquisition accelerates
        Canada Life's strategy of building a leading wealth management platform for independent advisors and was financed with existing
        resources and did not have a material impact on Canada Life's financial position.
•       With the acquisitions of Value Partners and IPC, Canada Life is accelerating its vision to establish a leadership position in the Canadian
        independent advisor wealth market in Canada with more than 4,000 advisor relationships and $102 billion in assets under administration.

Europe
•       During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company undertook several strategic actions to help strengthen its market positions in Europe and
        enhance the outlook for 2024. The one-time financial impacts of these actions were excluded from base earnings:
        •      Following the successful launch of the Company's joint venture, AIB Life in 2023, Irish Life completed the sale to AIB Life of a portfolio
               of policies previously written under our pre-existing distribution agreement with Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. (AIB). The transaction
               resulted in a net gain of $118 million ($127 million of which was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023). The sale of this portfolio of




                                                                                                                                                                                       GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
               policies adds to the scale of AIB Life and accelerates the timeline to profitability.
        •      The Company recorded provisions of $159 million related to the write-off of intangible assets related to certain information
               technology systems as well as provisions for staff reductions starting in 2024. The write-off of intangible assets and the provision for

                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B
               staff reductions arose from the following business decisions and activities:
               •     Subsequent to December 31, 2023, in the first quarter of 2024, the Company announced its decision to close to new business the
                     Company's U.K. on-shore wealth business.
               •     The restructuring provision will support the German business with the implementation of its strategy to create growth through
                     product diversification and an efficiency program leveraging the new administration platform and increased automation using
                     artificial intelligence technologies.
               •     The continued implementation of the Company's "one Irish Life" strategy including the build out of digital customer
                     technologies and increased automation in Ireland.
        •      An inforce block of U.K. annuity business was reinsured externally on attractive terms, supporting capital efficiency and capacity in
               this business line. This transaction increases the capacity for new U.K. annuity business in the buoyant U.K. market where $991
               million in business was written in the second half of 2023 and strengthened the Company’s position for 2024. The reinsurance
               transaction resulted in a net gain of $110 million and added approximately one and a half points to Canada Life's LICAT ratio.
•       During the first quarter of 2023, Irish Life combined its Irish brands: Invesco Limited, Acumen & Trust and APT Wealth Management under
        a single wealth management umbrella. The new firm, Unio, brings together three advisory firms into one firm with a common advisory
        and investment proposition for clients. The new company provides expert advice for thousands of individuals in the Irish market who are
        currently either under-advised, or need assistance in managing their wealth. Underpinned by a market-leading digital platform, Unio will
        provide personalized client advice and investment solutions to a growing and underserved population.
•       On May 16, 2023, Canada Life U.K. announced an agreement to sell its individual onshore protection business to Countrywide Assured plc
        (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Approximately 47,000 customer policies will transfer to Countrywide in 2024, subject to the
        completion of a court-approved transfer. This follows the Canada Life U.K. announcement that it closed onshore individual protection
        insurance to new business in November 2022.

Capital and Risk Solutions
•       The Capital and Risk Solutions segment continued to grow by providing tailored solutions to customers while increasing diversification
        within the portfolio. In 2023, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment expanded its international presence in targeted new markets, while
        continuing to focus on core markets and product expansion in Europe, including two transactions in Italy and client base expansion in
        Asia.



1
    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   21
                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis         7

                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              B  7
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Capital Transactions
                                  •       The Company's leverage ratio of 30% has decreased by 3 points compared to 33% at December 31, 2022. This reduction in leverage aligns
                                          with Management's expectation and is a result of the repayment of short-term debt financing used to fund the acquisition of the retirement
                                          services business of Prudential, as described below. On April 18, 2023, the Company repaid the principal amount of its maturing 2.50%
                                          €500 million senior bonds, together with accrued interest which had been pre-financed by the issuance of €500 million senior 4.7% euro
                                          bond on November 16, 2022.
                                  •       Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, made payments on its non-revolving credit facility of US$150 million on March
                                          31, 2023, US$150 million on June 30, 2023, US$100 million on September 29, 2023 and US$100 million on December 29, 2023. The
                                          remaining drawn balance was nil as at December 31, 2023.

                                  IFRS 17 and IFRS 9
                                  •       The Company has adopted IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) replacing IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 4) effective January 1, 2023.
                                          IFRS 17 establishes principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. Under IFRS 17,
                                          groups of contracts are measured as the estimate of the present value of fulfilment cash flows, adjusted for an explicit risk adjustment for
                                          non-financial risk and the Contractual Service Margin (CSM). While the new standard changes the measurement and timing of
                                          recognition of insurance contracts and the corresponding presentation and disclosures in the Company's financial statements, it does not
                                          have a material impact on the Company or change the Company's underlying business strategy. The Company has restated 2022
                                          comparative results to reflect the adoption of IFRS 17.
                                          The Company has also adopted IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9) replacing IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and
                                          Measurement effective January 1, 2023. IFRS 9 provides changes to financial instruments accounting for the following: classification and
                                          measurement of financial instruments based on a business model approach for managing financial assets and the contractual cash flow
                                          characteristics of the financial asset; impairment based on an expected loss model; and hedge accounting that incorporates the risk
                                          management practices of an entity. The adoption of IFRS 9 has not resulted in a material change in assets, liabilities and earnings. The
                                          Company elected to present comparative information for its financial assets as if the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS
                                          9 had been applied in the comparative period (IFRS 9 overlay), as permitted by the amendment to IFRS 17 published by the IASB in
                                          December 2021.
                                          The new reporting regime provides improved visibility as to the strong underlying economics and diversification of Lifeco’s portfolio
                                          through enhanced disclosures and metrics. Refer to the "Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9" section of this document for additional details.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Sustainability
                                  •       In November 2021, Lifeco announced its ambition to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050 for both operations and

PART B
                                          investments. During the fourth quarter of 2023, Lifeco published 'Advancing Inclusive Growth: Impact, Inclusion, and Citizenship', a
                                          report on the Company’s efforts related to impact, inclusion and citizenship. This report provides an update on the inclusion goals set by
                                          the Company as well as net zero interim goals for operations and investments2. These goals are aspirational and may need to change or be
                                          recalibrated. See "Important Note Regarding Sustainability Disclosure".
                                          The report set out the following interim goals3 for 2030: (i) 40% reduction in carbon emissions for the Company's operations, (ii) 37%
                                          reduction in carbon footprint4 for the Company's invested asset portfolio5, (iii) 50% representation of women in management roles by
                                          2030, and (iv) 25% representation of underrepresented groups in management roles.

                                  Macroenvironmental Risks
                                  Many factors contribute to the economic uncertainty in the geographies in which the Company operates and to the elevated volatility of global
                                  financial markets. The environment is displaying elevated levels of inflation and tighter financial conditions, and there have been increased
                                  liquidity concerns with respect to certain U.S. and European banks. Elevated global financial market volatility is due, in part, to certain
                                  geopolitical conflicts, which the Company actively monitors. Central banks are weighing these factors in consideration of interest rate decisions
                                  in many of the countries in which the Company operates. The outlook for financial and real estate markets over the short and medium-term
                                  remains highly uncertain and the Company actively monitors events and information globally.
                                  Throughout 2023, commercial real estate markets in Europe and North America showed signs of slowdown. In particular, the office markets are
                                  experiencing dampened demand from a continued lag faced by employers on return-to-office plans, leading to higher vacancy rates and
                                  deteriorating operating performance, driven as well by challenging economic and capital market conditions. Along with higher interest rates,
                                  this has resulted in valuation reductions for certain investment properties and indirectly for certain commercial mortgages reflecting the
                                  current outlook for office properties. As market conditions evolve, the Company may be required to apply further valuation reductions.
                                  The Company's strategies are resilient and flexible, positioning it to navigate current market conditions and continue to identify and pursue
                                  opportunities, including organic growth and acquisition activities, while supporting customers and employees in an evolving environment.




                                  2
                                       The Company's investments goals have been established to reflect the reductions that Lifeco's investee companies would need to make, to follow the pathways established by the
                                       International Energy Agency to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius.
                                  3
                                       Interim goals are based on a 2019 baseline year for both operations and investments.
                                  4
                                       Carbon footprint is measured per million dollars invested (tCO2e/$m invested).
                                  5
                                       The Company's overall goal for its invested asset portfolio (in-scope assets) is built on sub-asset class goals including reductions in carbon footprint for listed corporate bonds of 38%,
                                       listed equities of 31% and commercial real estate of 43%. Sub-asset class goals are indicative of the relative opportunity within each sub-asset class. Actual progress will be measured in
                                       aggregate against the overall 37% goal across all in-scope asset classes combined. The following asset classes are out-of-scope and excluded from the 37% goal: mortgages, sovereign
                                       debt, private debt and equity, and scope 3 emissions of issuers.
                                  22       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis                8
                                           B  8                                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Outlook for 2024
Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios at
the beginning of this document.
•   Interest rate hikes in Canada, the U.S., the U.K. and broader Europe have moderated economic growth and reduced inflation in the latter
    half of 2023. In Canada and the U.S., economic growth is expected to be slightly lower in 2024 as compared to 2023. This is expected to
    exert downward pressure on inflation, albeit, inflation is expected to remain above domestic targets. This is likely to delay the anticipated
    gradual reduction of policy rates until the second half of 2024 as the central banks balance between reducing inflation and staving off
    recession. In the U.K., economic growth is expected to be slightly positive in 2024. Furthermore, inflation is expected to fall to the Bank of
    England’s 2% target by the middle of 2024. Accordingly, economists are forecasting a gradual reduction of the Bank Rate beginning mid
    2024. In Europe, economic growth is expected to also be slightly positive in 2024. However, euro area inflation is expected to remain high
    and economists are not forecasting a reduction in policy rates in 2024 unless the economy does begin to contract.
    While the market expectation is for short term interest rates to decline in 2024 in Canada, the U.S. and the U.K., medium and long term
    interest rates are expected to remain relatively constant. Asset credit spreads are currently at the tightest level since 2010, however, there
    are many risks, as discussed in the Macroenvironmental Risk section, that could result in widening credit spreads.
•   Lifeco is continuing to focus on its core strategies: delivering financial security and wellness through the workplace, providing advice-
    centered wealth management, delivering strong investment and asset management and leveraging risk and capital management expertise.
    The Company intends to invest strategically, both organically and through acquisitions, to drive growth and productivity, while
    maintaining strong risk and expense discipline, to deliver sustainable long-term value to its customers and shareholders.
•   In Canada, the Company will continue to leverage the strength of the Canada Life brand to develop innovative products and services and
    broaden and deepen its distribution channels to better serve its customers. Specifically, the Workplace Solutions business plans to
    enhance its competitive position by focusing on improving its operational resilience, enhancing its productivity as well as its customer and
    employee experience by making further investments in digitalization. As the Company was awarded the Public Service Dental Care Plan
    (PSDCP), it will continue to build additional capabilities that can be leveraged by the rest of the business. In its Individual Wealth
    Management business, the Company will build upon the capabilities acquired through its recent acquisitions of IPC and Value Partners
    and strengthen the value propositions for advisors in all channels. The Insurance & Annuities business will continue to advance on
    business strategies of balancing growth through the offering of a comprehensive range of individual insurance products with disciplined
    pricing and risk selection. Operational expense management will continue to be critically important for the Canada segment to deliver




                                                                                                                                                             GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    strong financial results.
•   In the U.S., the Company is positioned for significant growth opportunities utilizing the strength of the Empower brand. Through its
    defined contribution business, Empower has added significant expertise, a broader set of capabilities and an expanded product portfolio.

                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
    Empower is the fastest growing company in the workplace retirement market and aims to leverage this strong market position in 2024 and
    beyond. Empower will continue to invest in product differentiation and offer a best-in-class service model to drive sales growth. In the
    first half of 2024, Empower anticipates the completion of the integration of the Prudential Financial, Inc. (Prudential) business acquired in
    2022, resulting in additional cost synergies. Empower Personal Wealth, which was launched in the first quarter of 2023, will continue to
    serve its existing customers and stimulate growth through a focus on advice and digital tools. It will continue to develop and offer a broad
    range of product solutions that leverage the Empower Personal Dashboard to offer customized wealth solutions to an expanding customer
    base.
•   In Europe, after a number of strategic actions taken in 2023 to reposition its portfolio, the Company is focusing on maintaining or growing
    its market positions and relationships with institutional partners while investing in customer service systems and digitalization. In its
    Workplace Solutions business, the U.K. group protection business enters 2024 in a leading market position with ongoing product and
    customer service innovation and expects to drive continued growth in premium income. Through the Irish Life brand, the Company will
    focus on developing a fully integrated corporate engagement strategy to maximize the effectiveness of strong corporate relationships,
    ensure the Company maintains its best-in-class pension, risk and health propositions and continue the journey of integrating its wealth
    and employee benefits consulting businesses. In the Individual Wealth & Asset Management business, the Company will focus on the
    growth of its new wealth brand, Unio, while maintaining its leading positions in asset management in the areas of sustainability and
    product innovation. Furthermore, the Company expects to maintain its position as a key player in the single premium offshore investment
    bond marketplace, focusing on distribution through its financial advisors and maintaining its relationships with institutional partners. In
    its Insurance & Annuities business, the Company will focus on maintaining its share of the retail payout annuities market while investing
    in customer service systems and will further develop its presence in the bulk annuity market where trustees of defined benefit schemes
    want to remove risk by insuring pension liabilities.
•   In Capital and Risk Solutions, the Reinsurance business unit will continue to help its clients and other affiliated companies meet capital
    challenges through innovative reinsurance solutions. Demand for structured reinsurance remains strong and will remain a focus for 2024.
    Internationally, Canada Life will continue to explore opportunities for measured expansion into new markets where the Company's
    innovative reinsurance solutions can be deployed to support clients' evolving needs.
•   In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published the Pillar Two model rules outlining
    a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax regime to apply to large multi-national enterprises, which will include the Company. A
    number of countries where the Company operates, including Canada, Barbados, Ireland, Germany and the U.K., have enacted legislation
    or are expected to enact legislation with an effective date of January 1, 2024. Based on a preliminary assessment, the Company expects an
    increase in its effective income tax rate on base earnings in the 2-4% range and for the legislation to mainly impact the Europe and Capital
    and Risk Solutions segments. Refer to the Taxes section for further details.



                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   23
                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       9

                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  9
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Base and Net Earnings
                                  Consolidated base earnings and net earnings of Lifeco include the base earnings and net earnings of Canada Life (and its operating
                                  subsidiaries), Empower and PanAgora Asset Management, together with Lifeco’s Corporate operating results. Net earnings also include the
                                  earnings from Putnam Investments reported as discontinued operations.
                                  With the adoption of IFRS 17, the Company refined the definition of base earnings (loss) in the first quarter of 2023 with application to 2022
                                  comparative results for an updated representation of the Company's underlying business performance, as well as to enhance consistency and
                                  comparability with financial services industry peers.

                                                                                                                                  For the three months ended                          For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                                                    Dec. 31                                  Dec. 31
                                                                                                                            Dec. 31             Sept. 30             2022                 Dec. 31             2022
                                                                                                                             2023                2023              (Restated)              2023             (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,4
                                         Canada                                                                         $            301 $               296 $               260 $             1,158 $             1,164
                                         United States4                                                                              261                 262                 215               1,006                 737
                                         Europe                                                                                      213                 206                 256                 777                 845
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                  236                 198                 181                 794                 598
                                         Lifeco Corporate                                                                            (40)                (12)                (18)                (68)                (26)
                                      Lifeco base earnings1,4                                                           $            971 $               950 $               894 $             3,667 $             3,318

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                        Market experience relative to expectations2                                     $           (213) $              153 $              (386) $             (307) $              530
                                        Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing                                           —                   —                   —                (121)                    —
                                         Assumption changes and management actions2,5                                                 83                (106)                 (5)                (20)                 47
                                         Other non-market related impacts3,5                                                         (98)                (61)                (25)               (357)               (267)
                                      Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings                                          $           (228) $              (14) $             (416) $             (805) $              310




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations2
                                         Canada                                                                         $            166 $               414 $               352 $                  961 $          1,431


PART B
                                         United States2                                                                              194                 244                 168                    769              464
                                         Europe                                                                                      217                  25                 (25)                   384            1,202
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                  215                 265                   3                    833              542
                                         Lifeco Corporate                                                                            (49)                (12)                (20)                   (85)             (11)
                                      Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations2                                   $            743 $               936 $               478      $        2,862 $             3,628
                                        Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations4                                               (3)               (31)                (26)              (124)                (32)
                                      Lifeco net earnings - common shareholders                                         $            740 $               905 $               452      $        2,738 $             3,596

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       Included in other non-market related impacts are business transformation impacts (including restructuring and integration costs as well as acquisition and divestiture costs),
                                       amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and tax legislative changes impacts.
                                  4
                                       Comparative results are restated to exclude discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                  5
                                       Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain assumption changes and management actions and business transformation impacts has been modified to reflect current
                                       presentation and comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 have been restated, as applicable.

                                  Base Earnings
                                  Base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $971 million ($1.04 per common share) increased by $77 million or 9% from $894 million ($0.96
                                  per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to strong group disability results driven by improved morbidity experience and
                                  management pricing actions and higher earnings on surplus in the Canada segment, an increase in fee and other income due to organic growth
                                  in the U.S. segment and new business growth and net favourable experience in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment. These items were
                                  partially offset by higher taxes and by lower investment earnings driven by the impact of trading activity in the prior year that did not re-occur in
                                  the Europe segment.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Lifeco's base earnings were $3,667 million ($3.94 per common share) compared to $3,318
                                  million ($3.56 per common share) a year ago. The 11% increase was primarily due an additional quarter of Prudential-related earnings in the
                                  U.S. segment and a provision for estimated claims related to Hurricane Ian of $128 million in 2022, as well as the same reasons discussed for the
                                  in-quarter results.




                                  24      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis           10
                                           B  10                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Net Earnings
Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended December 31, 2023 of $743 million ($0.80 per common
share) increased by $265 million or 55% compared to $478 million ($0.51 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to a
$127 million net gain on a sale of a portfolio of policies to AIB Life and a $110 million net gain from the recapture impact on a reinsured block of
inforce annuities in the Europe segment, more favourable market experience relative to expectations in the Europe and Capital and Risk
Solutions segments, and an increase in base earnings. These items were partially offset by unfavourable market value impacts in Canada driven
primarily by a decrease in long-term interest rates. The results from discontinued operations were a net loss of $3 million compared to a net
loss of $26 million a year ago.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations were $2,862 million ($2.94 per common
share) compared to $3,628 million ($3.89 per common share) a year ago. In conjunction with the transition to IFRS 17, the Company made ALM
and accounting policy choices to increase the stability of regulatory capital. As a result, a certain amount of additional net earnings sensitivity
was accepted in order to balance LICAT capital sensitivity, resulting in more stable capital positions. Over the time frame since transition,
cumulative fluctuations in net earnings from continuing operations driven by market experience relative to expectations have been modest and
regulatory capital has experienced increased stability, consistent with Management’s expectations. For additional information, refer to the
"Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9" section of this document. The 21% decrease was primarily due to market experience relative to expectations
of negative $307 million, a decrease of $837 million compared to last year, due to large increases in interest rates in 2022 which had a significant
positive earnings impact. In addition, there were realized losses on the sale of surplus assets measured at fair value through other
comprehensive income (FVOCI) to improve regulatory capital positioning in the Europe segment. These items were partially offset by an
increase in base earnings, the net gain on sale to AIB Life and the inforce annuity reinsurance recapture as discussed for the in-quarter results.
The results from discontinued operations were a net loss of $124 million compared to a net loss of $32 million a year ago predominantly due to
transaction costs.
Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three month period ended December 31, 2023 of $743 million ($0.80 per common
share) decreased by $193 million or 21% compared to $936 million ($1.01 per common share) in the previous quarter. The decrease was
primarily due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations in the Canada and Capital and Risk Solutions segments as well as
provisions for restructuring costs in the Europe segment. These items were partially offset by the net gain on sale to AIB Life and the inforce
annuity reinsurance recapture as discussed above as well as an increase in base earnings. The results from discontinued operations were a net
loss of $3 million compared to $31 million in the previous quarter.

Items Excluded from Base Earnings




                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Market Experience Relative to Expectations
                                                                                    For the three months ended                 For the twelve months ended

                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B
                                                                                                            Dec. 31                                 Dec. 31
                                                                               Dec. 31      Sept. 30         2022                  Dec. 31           2022
                                                                                2023         2023          (Restated)               2023           (Restated)
Public equity market impacts                                                 $         27 $         (15) $           20 $                     14 $           (83)
Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                                  (62)         (129)           (298)                    (371)          (223)
Interest rate and other impacts                                                      (178)          297            (108)                      50            836
Total market experience relative to expectations                             $       (213) $         153 $             (386) $              (307) $               530

Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's consolidated statement of
earnings, negatively impacted net earnings by $213 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 (negative impact of $386 million in the fourth quarter of
2022). In-quarter impacts reflect interest rate movements including spread movements, lower returns than expected on real estate assets,
partially offset by higher returns on public equities. The negative interest rate and spread movement impacts primarily arose from liabilities
increasing by more than their supporting assets in the Canada, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions segments. The lower returns than
expected on real estate and other non-fixed income assets arose on real estate assets in the U.K. and Canada. The higher returns on public
equities were primarily from assets held in Canada.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, market experience relative to expectations negatively impacted net earnings by $307 million
(positive impact of $530 million year-to-date in 2022). The 2023 year-to-date negative impact was primarily due to lower returns than expected
on real estate assets.
In order to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate fluctuations, the Company follows disciplined processes for matching asset and
liability cash flows. As a result, the impact of changing interest rates is mostly mitigated in the current period, with the impact of changes in fair
values of bonds backing insurance contract liabilities mostly offset by a corresponding change in the insurance contract liabilities. However,
differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity
to interest rate movements in net earnings under IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, due to the Company’s asset liability management strategies and
accounting policy choices. These choices include consideration of the impact on regulatory capital, which can result in increased net earnings
sensitivity, but decreased capital sensitivity. For example, the Company’s asset liability management strategy uses equities and other non-fixed
income assets as a component of general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings; and the
classification of financial assets under IFRS 9, for example, mortgage assets which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund
assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings. These exposures are designed to help offset interest rate
sensitivity and volatility in the LICAT capital calculation, resulting in decreased capital sensitivity. Furthermore, sensitivities to interest rate
movements vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur and the level of change in interest rates by term.



                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    25
                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis         11

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      B  11
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity disclosures as a result
                                  of current market conditions, refer to "Risk Management", note 7 to the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for the period
                                  ended December 31, 2023.

                                  Assumption Changes and Management Actions
                                  Under IFRS 17, assumption changes on insurance risks and certain management actions directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM.
                                  The impact of assumption changes and certain management actions on CSM are measured at locked-in rates, for contracts measured under the
                                  General Measurement Model, whereas the overall impact is measured at fair value, resulting in a potential net earnings impact.
                                  The fair value impact of CSM assumption changes included in earnings is a second-order impact which captures the present value difference
                                  between the impact of assumption changes measured at prevailing discount rates and locked-in discount rates (used to determine impacts on
                                  CSM). In general, prevailing discount rates are currently higher than locked-in rates for the Company’s insurance contracts. Therefore, a
                                  favourable change in assumptions on insurance risks, which increases CSM, also results in a negative earnings impact in period due to the fair
                                  value impact.
                                  Net earnings impacts arise from the fair value impact of assumption changes impacting CSM, as well as assumption changes on financial risks
                                  on certain products and assumption changes on insurance risks on contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance
                                  contracts).
                                  For the three months ended December 31, 2023, assumption changes and management actions resulted in a positive net earnings impact of $83
                                  million and a decrease in CSM of $200 million on non-participating business. Most of these impacts arise from management actions relating to
                                  reinsurance transactions on in force business executed in the fourth quarter of 2023, which resulted in a positive net earnings impact of $94
                                  million and a decrease in CSM of $163 million.
                                  In the Europe segment, net earnings were positively impacted by $100 million and CSM was positively impacted by $85 million, primarily due to
                                  the reinsurance of U.K. annuity business to a third party. In the US segment, there was a decrease in CSM of $289 million due to reinsurance of
                                  a block of a segregated fund business with guarantees (GMWB) to a third party. In the Canada segment, net earnings were negatively impacted
                                  by $17 million and the CSM was positively impacted by $4 million, which reflects impacts arising from a recapture of reinsurance in mortality
                                  risk of positive $48 million, and assumption updates on individual segregated fund business of negative $44 million.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, assumption changes and management actions resulted in a negative net earnings impact of
                                  $20 million. Additionally, assumption changes and management actions resulted in a decrease of $34 million in CSM on non-participating




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  business.

                                  Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  For the fourth quarter of 2023, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $98 million compared to negative $25 million a year ago.

PART B
                                  Business transformation costs were $67 million, an increase of $6 million compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was
                                  primarily due to higher restructuring provisions in the Europe segment, partially offset by lower restructuring and integration costs in the U.S.
                                  segment following the completion of the MassMutual and Personal Capital integrations in 2022. The increase was also driven by higher
                                  intangible asset impairments in the U.S. and Europe segments. The impact of these items was partially offset by the sale of a portfolio of policies
                                  to AIB Life which resulted in a net gain of $127 million ($118 million year-to-date) in the Europe segment. A positive $63 million one-time
                                  impact for a change in the Canadian statutory income tax rate was excluded from base earnings in the fourth quarter of 2022. The results from
                                  discontinued operations were a loss of $3 million compared to a loss of $26 million for the same quarter last year.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, other items excluded from base earnings had a more negative impact compared to the same
                                  period last year, primarily due to the realized OCI losses related to asset rebalancing to shorter duration assets to improve capital during the
                                  second quarter of 2023 in the Europe segment, a provision recorded in the second quarter of 2023 related to Empower's sale of its individual life
                                  and annuity business in 2019 in the U.S. segment as well as the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

                                  Foreign Currency
                                  The average currency translation rate for the fourth quarter of 2023 increased for the euro and the British pound, while the U.S. dollar was flat
                                  compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. For the three months ended December 31, 2023, the overall impact of currency movement on the
                                  Company's base earnings was an increase of $19 million (increase of $94 million year-to-date) compared to translation rates a year ago. The
                                  overall impact of currency movement on the Company’s net earnings was an increase of $22 million (increase of $72 million year-to-date)
                                  compared to translation rates a year ago.
                                  From September 30, 2023 to December 31, 2023, the market rates at the end of the reporting period used to translate the euro and the British
                                  pound assets and liabilities to the Canadian dollar increased, while the U.S. dollar decreased. The movements in end-of-period exchange rates
                                  impact the translation of foreign operations, including related hedge activities, resulting in post-tax unrealized foreign exchange losses of $89
                                  million in-quarter ($89 million net unrealized loss year-to-date) recorded in other comprehensive income.
                                  Translation rates for the reporting period and comparative periods are detailed in the "Translation of Foreign Currency" section.




                                  26   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   12
                                        B  12                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Statement of Earnings
The following discussion sections reflect the statement of earnings presentation under IFRS 17 which provides a view of profit from earnings
sources before taxes. For insurance contracts, at a high level, the impacts of insurance performance are presented separately from financial
risks and investment income, through the insurance service result and net investment result, respectively. Other businesses such as group
retirement, group administrative services only, wealth management and asset management are presented through other income and expenses.

Insurance Service Result
Insurance service result depicts the profit earned from providing insurance coverage, including certain segregated fund products (primarily
individual products with guarantees), and comprises the combined impact of insurance revenue, insurance expenses and net expenses from
reinsurance contracts held. Insurance revenue reflects the consideration to which the insurer expects to be entitled in exchange for insurance
services provided on an earned basis. Insurance expenses include incurred claims and other operating expenses directly attributable to the
insurance contracts the Company issues. Net expenses from reinsurance contracts held represents the combined impact of allocated
reinsurance premiums paid to and amounts recovered from reinsurers by the Company.

Insurance service result (pre-tax)
                                                                                  For the three months ended                    For the twelve months ended
                                                                        Dec. 31            Sept. 30            Dec. 31              Dec. 31             Dec. 31
                                                                         2023               2023                2022                 2023                2022
   Canada                                                         $                370 $           373 $                 305    $          1,367 $            1,314
   United States                                                                    18               13                   16                  55                   43
   Europe                                                                          242             211                   164                 813                   686
   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                      224             189                   189                 775                   681
Base earnings - insurance service result                          $                854 $           786 $                 674    $          3,010 $             2,724
   Items excluded from base earnings                                                 1              (38)                  (9)                 (80)                 (16)
   Participating account                                                            35               40                   33                 151                   121
Net earnings - insurance service result                           $                890 $           788 $                 698    $          3,081 $             2,829




                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Base earnings insurance service result for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $854 million increased by $180 million or 27% compared to the fourth
quarter of 2022. The increase was primarily due to experience on certain structured transactions and favourable claims developments related to
prior year catastrophe losses in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment as well as higher earnings on short-term insurance contracts in the

                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
Canada and Europe segments. The increase was partially offset by unfavourable claims experience in the U.S. life business and unfavourable
experience on certain structured transactions in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment and lower CSM recognized for services provided in the
Canada segment.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, base earnings insurance service result of $3,010 million increased by $286 million or 10%
compared to the same period in 2022. The increase was primarily due to favourable group protection experience and the non-recurrence of
unfavourable morbidity experience from the prior year in the Europe segment, strong group life and health earnings in the Canada segment as
well as the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results. The increase was partially offset by the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter
results.




                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    27
                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis         13

                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         B  13
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Net Investment Result
                                  Net investment result shows the relationship between net investment income earned from managing the Company’s financial assets and the
                                  impact of insurance finance income or expenses, including the effects of discount rates and other financial variables on valuing the Company's
                                  insurance contract liabilities. Base earnings - net investment result represents: (i) the difference between management’s expected return on
                                  assets backing insurance contract liabilities and the unwinding of discount rates used to measure corresponding insurance contract liabilities,
                                  (ii) the impact of credit experience arising from upgrades, downgrades and impairments on assets held to back insurance contract liabilities and
                                  changes in expected credit losses on assets supporting surplus, (iii) the impact of trading activity on fixed income asset portfolios supporting
                                  liabilities, and (iv) expected investment income on surplus assets net of associated investment expenses.

                                      Net investment result (pre-tax)
                                                                                                                            For the three months ended                              For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                    Dec. 31               Sept. 30               Dec. 31                Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                     2023                  2023                   2022                   2023               2022
                                        Canada                                                                  $               79 $                  62 $                  39      $             287 $              166
                                        United States1                                                                           1                    47                    31                     95                 91
                                        Europe                                                                                  91                    76                   168                    391                492
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                              34                    28                    18                    108                 31
                                        Lifeco Corporate                                                                         7                     9                     8                     33                 36
                                      Base earnings - net investment result1                                    $             212 $                  222 $                 264      $             914 $              816
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                    (256)                   104                  (405)               (616)                  872
                                        Spread income                                                                         332                    322                   366               1,317              1,116
                                        Participating account                                                                  (23)                     2                 (162)                   (82)           (198)
                                      Net earnings - net investment result                                      $             265 $                  650 $                   63     $        1,533 $            2,606

                                  1
                                       Comparative results are restated to exclude net investment result from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                  Base earnings net investment result in the fourth quarter of 2023 decreased by $52 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due
                                  to credit-related impairments of commercial mortgage loans in the U.S. segment and the favourable impact of trading activity in the Europe




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  segment in the prior year that did not repeat. These items were partially offset by the favourable impact of trading activity in the Canada
                                  segment and higher earnings on surplus income in the Canada and Europe segments.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, base earnings net investment result increased by $98 million compared to the same period

PART B
                                  last year, primarily due to higher earnings on surplus in all segments, partially offset by less favourable impacts on liabilities compared to their
                                  supporting assets driven by a rise in interest rates, lower equity release mortgage origination fees and the favourable impact of trading activity in
                                  the Europe segment in the prior year that did not repeat.

                                  Credit Markets
                                  Credit experience impacts on net earnings can arise from:
                                  •       upgrades, downgrades and impairments on fixed income assets measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL), which support
                                          insurance contract liabilities;
                                  •       impairments on assets measured at FVTPL, which support general account investment products; and
                                  •       the change in expected credit losses on assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) and amortized cost.

                                      Credit markets impact on common shareholders' net earnings (pre-tax)

                                                                                                                            For the three months ended                              For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                    Dec. 31               Sept. 30               Dec. 31                Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                     2023                  2023                   2022                   2023               2022
                                      Canada                                                                    $               — $                   (4) $                   1 $                  (2) $               4
                                      United States                                                                            (48)                   —                     (17)                  (65)               (17)
                                      Europe                                                                                     2                   (18)                     1                   (16)               (11)
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                (1)                   —                      —                     (1)                (1)
                                      Total                                                                     $              (47) $                (22) $                 (15) $                (84) $             (25)

                                  In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company experienced net negative $47 million of credit-related experience in net investment result (net
                                  negative impact of $15 million in the fourth quarter of 2022), primarily due to credit charges on mortgage loans in the U.S. segment.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, the Company experienced net negative $84 million of credit-related experience in net
                                  investment result (net negative impact of $25 million in 2022), primarily due to credit charges on mortgage loans and bonds in the U.S. segment
                                  as well as the net remeasurement of allowance for expected credit losses on mortgage loans in the Europe segment.




                                  28       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis            14
                                           B  14                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Fee and Other Income
In addition to providing traditional risk-based insurance products, the Company also provides certain products on a fee-for-service basis. The
most significant of these products are certain segregated funds (investment contracts) and mutual funds, for which the Company earns
investment management fees on assets managed and other fees, as well as administrative services only (ASO) contracts, under which the
Company provides group benefit plan administration on a cost-plus basis.

    Fee and other income (pre-tax)1
                                                                                              For the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                Dec. 31                                   Dec. 31
                                                                                          Dec. 31              Sept. 30          2022                Dec. 31               2022
                                                                                           2023                 2023           (Restated)             2023               (Restated)
     Canada                                                                           $          383 $                328 $             313     $           1,377 $               1,212
     United States1                                                                              970                  928               887                 3,706                 3,225
     Europe                                                                                      201                  190               168                    771                   714
     Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                     4                     4                 4                   14                      7
    Base earnings - fee and other income1                                             $        1,558 $              1,450 $           1,372     $           5,868 $               5,158
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                             —                     —               —                       6                   —
    Net earnings - fee and other income                                               $        1,558 $              1,450 $           1,372     $           5,874 $               5,158

1
     Comparative results are restated to exclude fee and other income from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
The information in the table above is a summary of gross fee and other income for the Company. Additional commentary regarding fee and
other income is included, as applicable, in the "Segmented Operating Results" section.

Expenses
Expenses shown below are represented in the Company's consolidated statement of earnings by either insurance service expense or in other
income and expenses depending on whether or not those expenses are directly attributable to the Company's insurance businesses.




                                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Expenses (pre-tax)1                                                                       For the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                Dec. 31                                   Dec. 31
                                                                                          Dec. 31                                                    Dec. 31

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B
                                                                                                               Sept. 30          2022                                      2022
                                                                                           2023                 2023           (Restated)             2023               (Restated)
    Operating and administrative expenses
      Insurance service operating and administrative expenses2                        $          408 $                395 $             359     $           1,656 $               1,638
      Other operating and administrative expenses - base                                       1,685                1,519             1,531                 6,234                 5,545
      Other operating and administrative expenses - excluded from
      base3                                                                                         95                    3               30                   168                    59
    Total operating and administrative expenses                                       $        2,188 $              1,917 $           1,920     $           8,058 $               7,242
      Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets                                         42                    48              36                   182                   167
      Amortization of other finite life intangible assets                                           37                    52              53                   184                   187
      Financing charges                                                                          104                  103               113                    426                   393
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                     143                      38              43                   226                   178
    Total                                                                             $        2,514 $              2,158 $           2,165     $           9,076 $               8,167

1
     Prior period results are restated to exclude expenses from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
2
     Excluded from the above table, but included in insurance service expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, are $14.1 billion ($13.6 billion for the period ended
     December 31, 2022) primarily relating to claims and benefits paid, adjustments to the liability for incurred claims and losses (reversal of losses) on onerous insurance contracts and
     assets for insurance acquisition cash flows. Refer to note 13 of the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2023 for additional detail.
3
     Includes the pre-tax impact of acquisition and divestiture costs which are excluded from base earnings.
Expenses for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $2,514 million increased by $349 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to
higher operating and administrative expenses driven by onboarding and support of the Canada federal government's PSHCP and the
acquisitions of IPC and Value Partners in the Canada segment and increased spend in the U.S. segment to support business growth at
Empower. Restructuring and integration expenses were higher compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to restructuring
provisions in the Europe segment.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, expenses increased by $909 million to $9,076 million compared to the same period last year,
primarily due to higher operating and administrative expenses driven by the acquisition of Prudential's retirement services business in the U.S.
segment as well as the same reasons discussed in the in-quarter results. Financing charges were higher compared to the same period last year
driven primarily by the refinancing of a €500 million euro bond at higher rates in November 2022. Restructuring and integration expenses
increased compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed in the in-quarter results partially offset by lower
integration costs related to the MassMutual, Personal Capital and Prudential acquisitions.



                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report      29
                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis              15

                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                B  15
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Taxes
                                  The Company's effective income tax rate on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total Lifeco earnings are presented below.

                                                                                                                               For the three months ended                            For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                          Dec. 31            Sept. 30             Dec. 31               Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                           2023               2023                 20222                 2023               20222
                                      Base earnings - Common shareholders1                                                     15.9 %              12.8 %                9.0 %                13.9 %               9.2 %
                                      Net earnings - Common shareholders                                                      (22.2)%              12.8 %               (2.9)%                 4.1 %             11.5 %
                                      Net earnings - Total Lifeco                                                             (28.0)%              12.2 %              (16.6)%                 1.7 %               9.7 %

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       The effective income tax rates for the comparative figures have been restated to reflect the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 and to exclude discontinued operations related to Putnam
                                       Investments from earnings.

                                  The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to non-taxable
                                  investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2023, the effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 15.9% was up from 9.0% in the
                                  fourth quarter of 2022, primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the effective income tax rate on net
                                  earnings for the common shareholders of negative 22.2% was down from negative 2.9% in the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily due to
                                  jurisdictional mix of earnings partially offset by changes in certain tax estimates and the favourable impact in 2022 of the revaluation of deferred
                                  tax balances as a result of the increase to the Canadian statutory income tax rate.
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2023, the overall effective income tax rate on net earnings of negative 28.0%, was down from negative 16.6% in the fourth
                                  quarter of 2022, primarily due to jurisdictional mix of earnings offset partially by changes in certain tax estimates.
                                  The Company had an effective income tax rate on base earnings for the common shareholders of 13.9% for the twelve months ended
                                  December 31, 2023, which was up from 9.2% for the same period last year, primarily due to changes in certain tax estimates. The Company had
                                  an effective income tax rate on net earnings for the common shareholders of 4.1%, down from 11.5% for the same period last year, primarily due
                                  to jurisdictional mix of earnings.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Company had an overall effective income tax rate on net earnings of 1.7% for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 down from 9.7%
                                  for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the year-to-date common shareholders net earnings results.
                                  Refer to note 29 to the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2023 for further details.

PART B
                                  In December 2021, the OECD published the Pillar Two model rules outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax regime. A number
                                  of countries where the Company operates, including Ireland, Germany and the U.K., have enacted legislation, and will be effective for the
                                  Company's financial year beginning January 1, 2024. Pillar Two draft legislation in Canada and Barbados has not been substantively enacted
                                  but when enacted, is expected to be effective for the Company as of January 1, 2024.
                                  The global minimum tax is very complex in nature and will apply to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The determination of
                                  the minimum tax impact will require significant interpretation of each country's new legislation to determine the ultimate tax liability for the
                                  group of companies as a whole, which will then be allocated to individual companies within the group, such as Lifeco. Relevant legislation and
                                  available guidance continues to be reviewed by the Company to assess the full implications of the Pillar Two minimum tax regime. The
                                  Company has performed a preliminary assessment of the Company’s potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes for the year ending on
                                  December 31, 2024 and has identified potential exposure in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is below
                                  15%. Based on this preliminary assessment, the Company expects an increase in the effective income tax rate on base earnings in the 2-4%
                                  range.
                                  The Company pays corporate income tax and additional indirect taxes in all jurisdictions where we carry on business. The combination of these
                                  taxes totaled approximately $1.3 billion in 2023 and approximately $1.2 billion in 2022 as outlined in the table below.

                                                                                                                                                                                    For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                                                                      2023                  2022
                                      Indirect taxes
                                       Premium taxes (net of business ceded)                                                                                                  $               416    $               404
                                       Payroll taxes                                                                                                                                          276                    242
                                       Property taxes                                                                                                                                          86                     74
                                       Sales tax (GST/HST/PST/VAT/other)                                                                                                                      105                    108
                                       Business and other taxes                                                                                                                                 8                      4
                                      Total indirect taxes                                                                                                                    $               891    $               832
                                       Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                             423                    348
                                      Total                                                                                                                                   $              1,314   $             1,180




                                  30      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis             16
                                           B  16                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Lifeco Value Drivers
The Company has enhanced its reporting and disclosures to provide greater clarity and transparency into how the Company is creating value
for shareholders and growing the business. The Company focuses on three key value drivers for its business: Workplace Solutions, Wealth &
Asset Management and Insurance & Risk Solutions.
The following table displays how the various business units in each operating segment align with value drivers at the consolidated Lifeco level.
A description of the value drivers and a supplemental view of base earnings and other key performance indicators at the consolidated Lifeco
level are provided below.




                                                                                                                                                                                            GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B
1
     Certain business units have been realigned within operating segments to map consistently to value drivers.
2
     Includes results of PanAgora Asset Management which will be retained by the Company subsequent to the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. The transaction closed
     on January 1, 2024, subsequent to December 31, 2023.


Lifeco Base Earnings by Value Driver
                                                                                              For the three months ended                        For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                              Dec. 31                                    Dec. 31
                                                                                          Dec. 31          Sept. 30            2022                 Dec. 31               2022
                                                                                           2023             2023             (Restated)              2023               (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
    Workplace Solutions2                                                              $          489 $              463 $              357     $           1,851 $               1,550
    Wealth & Asset Management3                                                                   144                157                153                    539                  557
    Insurance & Risk Solutions                                                                   383                346                462                 1,398                 1,321
    Corporate                                                                                     (45)               (16)               (78)                 (121)                 (110)
    Lifeco base earnings1                                                             $          971 $              950 $              894     $           3,667 $               3,318

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain business units to Value Drivers has been modified and comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 have been
     restated, as applicable.
3
     Comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 are restated to exclude net earnings (losses), net cash flows and fee and other income from discontinued operations
     related to Putnam Investments as well as the re-mapping of certain business units to value drivers in the Europe segment following internal reviews.
The information in the table above is a summary of base earnings by the Company's value drivers. Additional commentary regarding base
earnings by value drivers is included, as applicable, in the sections below.




                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report       31
                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis             17

                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              B  17
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Workplace Solutions
                                  The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through Workplace Solutions. These relationships are based on the
                                  consistent delivery of health and wellness benefits, as well as retirement solutions that are delivered at scale through employer sponsored plans
                                  as a core part of the business. The Company is also building lifetime customer relationships through a focus on deepening the advice and
                                  solutions to better meet customers' retirement, investment and wellness needs.

                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                                   For the three months ended                          For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                                                     Dec. 31                                   Dec. 31
                                                                                                                             Dec. 31             Sept. 30             2022                 Dec. 31              2022
                                                                                                                              2023                2023              (Restated)              2023              (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,4                                                            $            489 $               463 $               357      $         1,851 $              1,550
                                      Retirement net cash flows2,3,4                                                              12,132              (8,999)               5,344              17,430                43,693
                                      Fee and other income3,4                                                                      1,089               1,033                1,001                4,208                3,700
                                      Group life and health book premiums2                                                        17,258              17,048              14,280

                                  1
                                        This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                        Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                        Comparative results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 do not include $403.3 billion (US$315.1 billion) in net transfers related to the Prudential acquisition.
                                  4
                                        Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain business units to value drivers has been modified and comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 have been
                                        restated, as applicable.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Workplace Solutions base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $489 million increased by $132 million or 37% compared to the same
                                  quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to favourable group protection experience in the Europe segment, strong group disability
                                  results driven by improved morbidity experience and management pricing actions in the Canada segment and higher net fee income in
                                  Empower Defined Contribution.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Workplace Solutions base earnings of $1,851 million increased by $301 million or 19%




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due to higher contributions from investment experience and an additional
                                  quarter of Prudential-related earnings in 2023 in the U.S. segment, increased group life and health earnings driven by strong group disability
                                  results and premium growth in the Canada segment as well as the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.


PART B
                                  Net cash flows
                                  Net cash inflows for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $12.1 billion increased by $6.8 billion compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to
                                  an increase in large plan sales in the U.S. segment and higher group retirement sales in the Canada segment.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net cash inflows of $17.4 billion decreased by $26.3 billion compared to the same period last
                                  year, primarily due to net participant redemptions of assets under administration as well as lower large plan sales in the current year in
                                  Empower Defined Contribution.

                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $1,089 million increased by $88 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily
                                  due to increased participants and higher equity market levels in Empower Defined Contribution, a one-time recognition related to the
                                  Prudential integration in the current quarter in the U.S. segment, growth in administrative services only (ASO) fees in the Canada segment and
                                  the impact of currency movement.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, fee and other income of $4,208 million increased by $508 million compared to the same
                                  period last year, primarily due the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as an additional quarter of Prudential-related fee
                                  income of US$142 million in 2023.

                                  Group life and health book premiums
                                  Group life and health book premiums at December 31, 2023 were $17,258 million, an increase of $210 million compared to September 30, 2023,
                                  primarily due to organic growth of in-force business in the Canada and Europe segments.




                                  32       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis            18
                                            B  18                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Wealth & Asset Management
In partnership with over 234,000 advisor relationships globally, the Company is delivering targeted and sophisticated solutions supported by
personalized advice to meet customers’ most complex personal wealth needs. The approach is enabled through investments in technology
platforms and in market leading managed solutions to help advisors continue to meet the evolving needs of customers.

Selected Financial Results
                                                                                            As at or for the three months ended                     For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                  Dec. 31                                       Dec. 31
                                                                                            Dec. 31            Sept. 30            2022                 Dec. 31                  2022
                                                                                             2023               2023             (Restated)              2023                  (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1,3                                                             $           144 $              157 $               153     $              539 $                 557
    Wealth net cash flows2,3,4                                                                   3,711                 466               3,127                12,316                10,778
    Fee and other income3                                                                           456                407                 366                 1,619                  1,429
    CSM, segregated fund products5                                                               3,309               3,120               3,269

1
      This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
      Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
      Comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 are restated to exclude net earnings (losses), net cash flows and fee and other income from discontinued operations
      related to Putnam Investments as well as the re-mapping of certain business units to value drivers in the Europe segment following internal reviews.
4
      Comparative results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 do not include $7.8 billion (US$6.1 billion) in net transfers related to the Prudential acquisition.
5
      The U.S. segment does not have a material contractual service margin (CSM) balance and has been excluded.

Base earnings
Wealth & Asset Management base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $144 million decreased by $9 million compared to the same quarter
last year. The decrease was primarily due to lower net fee and spread income in the Europe segment, partially offset by increased fees driven by
higher average equity markets in Empower Personal Wealth.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Wealth & Asset Management base earnings of $539 million decreased by $18 million
compared to the same period last year. The decrease was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Net cash flows
Net cash inflows for the fourth quarter of 2023 were $3,711 million compared to net inflows of $3,127 million for the same quarter last year,


                                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
primarily driven by higher wealth fund management sales in the Europe segment.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net cash inflows were $12,316 million compared to net inflows of $10,778 million for the same
period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $456 million increased by $90 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily
due to the acquisitions of Value Partners and Investment Planning Counsel in the Canada segment, increased participants and assets under
administration due to higher equity market levels and overall growth in the U.S. segment and higher management fees in the Europe segment.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, fee and other income of $1,619 million increased by $190 million compared to the same
period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

CSM, segregated fund products
Closing CSM for segregated fund products for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $3,309 million increased by $189 million compared to the third
quarter of 2023, primarily due to the impact of market movements.
Closing CSM for segregated fund products for the fourth quarter of 2023 was comparable to the fourth quarter of 2022.




                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report        33
                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis               19

                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B  19
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                  The Company has a strong and stable insurance base which helps produce capital that is invested in areas of opportunity for growth.
                                  Additionally, with its sophisticated risk and capital management expertise, the Company is helping organizations manage their risks and deliver
                                  sustainable customer solutions. By leveraging this expertise, Lifeco is diversifying its portfolio, offsetting or counterbalancing risks and creating
                                  value for stakeholders including strong financial performance.

                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended                       For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                                                 Dec. 31                                Dec. 31
                                                                                                                         Dec. 31            Sept. 30              2022                 Dec. 31           2022
                                                                                                                          2023               2023               (Restated)              2023           (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                          $            383 $               346 $               462      $         1,398 $          1,321
                                      New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund
                                        products2                                                                                 105                 124                 112                    374            368
                                      Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products2                               6,159               5,988                5,831

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       The U.S. segment does not have a material contractual service margin (CSM) balance and has been excluded.

                                  Base earnings
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $383 million decreased by $79 million compared to the same quarter
                                  last year. The decrease was primarily due to unfavourable individual insurance mortality experience in the Canada segment and the
                                  unfavourable impact of changes in certain tax estimates, partially offset by growth in the structured business and net favourable claims
                                  developments related to previous property catastrophe losses in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Insurance & Risk Solutions base earnings of $1,398 million increased by $77 million
                                  compared to the same period last year. The increase was primarily due growth in the structured business and net favourable claims
                                  developments related to previous property catastrophe losses in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment and changes to certain tax estimates in
                                  the Europe segment in 2023, partially offset by lower investment earnings in the Europe segment and changes to certain tax estimates in the




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Canada segment in 2022 that did not repeat. Additionally, 2022 results included a provision for estimated claims related to Hurricane Ian of
                                  $128 million.

                                  New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products

PART B
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions new business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $105
                                  million was comparable to the same quarter last year.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, new business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, of $374 million
                                  was comparable to the prior year.

                                  Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products
                                  Ending non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, for the fourth quarter of 2023, excluding participating and segregated fund
                                  products, of $6,159 million increased by $171 million compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily due to the impact of
                                  assumption changes and the impact of currency movements, partially offset by organic CSM movement.
                                  Ending non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products, for the fourth quarter of 2023, excluding participating and segregated fund
                                  products, of $6,159 million increased by $328 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. The increase was primarily due to the same
                                  reasons discussed for the prior quarter results.




                                  34      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis          20
                                           B  20                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Segmented Operating Results

The segmented operating results of Lifeco, including the comparative figures, are presented on an IFRS basis after capital allocation.
Consolidated operating results for Lifeco comprise the net earnings of Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries), Empower and Putnam
(primarily reflected as discontinued operations), together with Lifeco's corporate results. The following sections analyze the performance of
Lifeco's four major reportable segments: Canada, United States (U.S.), Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions.

Translation of Foreign Currency
For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian
dollars at the market rate at the end of the financial period. All income and expense items are translated at an average rate for the period.

Canada
The Canada segment of Lifeco includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together with an allocation of
a portion of Lifeco's corporate results.

Business Profile
The Canada segment offers a broad suite of products and services through multiple distribution channels aimed at providing advice and
product solutions to meet the needs of Canadians at all phases of their lives.

Workplace Solutions
Workplace Solutions includes group life and health benefits, group creditor, and group retirement and investment product lines.
Through its group life and health benefits product lines, the Company offers effective benefit solutions for small, medium and large plan
sponsors. The Company offers a wide range of traditional group products and services including life, accidental death and dismemberment,
critical illness, disability, health and dental as well as specialty products. Growing the Freedom Experience has been a focus recently as the
Company seeks to provide customized solutions to increasingly unique customer needs. The Freedom Experience suite of products allows
members to apply for life, health and critical illness products and maintain this coverage even when leaving their employers. These products
also serve to close any group health and wealth gaps that members might experience with their current coverage. Products and programs have
also been developed to address the needs of mental health in the workplace, high-cost medications and employee wellness. Traditional group
products are generally offered on an insured or an administrative services only (ASO) basis, where clients self-insure the products and the




                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Company administers on their behalf. With the acquisition of ClaimSecure, Workplace Solutions' ASO capabilities have been significantly
enhanced.



                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
The Company’s creditor business offers creditor insurance products through financial institutions. Canada Life is a leader in the creditor
insurance business in Canada.
Group retirement and investment product lines include group Registered Retirement Savings Plans (RRSP), defined contribution (DC) pension
plans, Tax-Free Savings Accounts (TFSA), Registered Education Savings Plans (RESP), other group retirement income products and
institutional investment services. The Company is focused on innovation within its savings and investment product lines.
Through the Company's extensive network of group sales offices located across the country, it distributes its products through brokers,
consultants and financial security advisors.

Individual Wealth Management
Individual Wealth Management includes individual wealth savings and income products and services.
The Company is a leader in Canada for wealth management products and services delivered through independent advisors. Segregated fund
products are distributed through diverse, complementary channels: Advisor Solutions, managing general agencies (MGAs) and national
accounts. Through Financial Horizons Group, the Company participates in the MGA channel, distributing segregated fund products from
across the insurance industry. The Company also offers mutual funds and securities accounts through its dealer Quadrus Investment Services,
as well as through the recently acquired businesses of Value Partners Group (Value Partners) and Investment Planning Counsel Inc. (IPC),
which have broadened the Company's advisor breadth and product suite.
Through its various platforms and distribution channels, the Company is able to provide wealth management advice and product solutions that
meet the needs of Canadians across a broad range of affluence levels.

Insurance & Annuities
Insurance & Annuities includes individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services, as well as individual life annuities
and single premium group annuities.
The Company is a leader in Canada for insurance products and services and utilizes diverse, complementary distribution channels: Advisor
Solutions, managing general agencies (MGAs) and national accounts, including IG Wealth Management, a member of the Power Corporation of
Canada group of companies. Through Financial Horizons Group, the Company participates in the MGA channel, distributing products from
across the insurance industry.
By offering this broad suite of products and services through multiple distribution channels, the Company is able to provide advice and
protection as well as estate planning product solutions to meet the needs of Canadians at all phases of their lives.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   35
                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       21

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  21
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Market Overview
                                  Workplace Solutions
                                  The Company provides an array of life, health and creditor insurance as well as retirement and investment products that are distributed
                                  primarily through group sales offices across the country.

                                      Market Position                                 Products and Services                                 Distribution
                                      • Employee benefits to over 27,500 plan         Group Life and Health Benefits                        • Group life and health benefits and group
                                        sponsors1                                     • Life                                                  retirement and investment services products
                                      • 22% market share for employee benefit         • Disability                                            and services are distributed through brokers,
                                        plans2                                        • Critical illness                                      consultants, third party administrators/payers
                                      • Leading market share for creditor products    • Accidental death & dismemberment                      and financial security advisors. Sales and
                                        with coverage provided to 6.6 million plan    • Dental                                                service support are provided by an integrated
                                        members1                                      • Expatriate coverage                                   team of over 617 employees, located in 21
                                      • 19% market share of group capital             • Extended health care                                  offices across the country, including 107
                                        accumulation plans2                                                                                   account executives.1
                                                                                      Group Creditor                                        • Group creditor products and services are
                                                                                      • Life                                                  distributed primarily though large financial
                                                                                      • Disability                                            institutions and serviced through a dedicated
                                                                                      • Job loss                                              sales and service organization.
                                                                                      • Critical illness

                                                                                      Group Retirement and Investment Services
                                                                                      • Group capital accumulation plans including:
                                                                                        • Defined contribution pension plans
                                                                                        • Group RRSPs, RESPs & TFSAs
                                                                                        • Deferred profit sharing plans
                                                                                        • Non-registered savings programs invested
                                                                                          in:
                                                                                          • Segregated funds
                                                                                          • Guaranteed investment options




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                          • Single company stock

                                                                                      • Retirement income plans
                                                                                        • Retirement income funds

PART B
                                                                                        • Life income funds

                                                                                      • Investment management services only plans;
                                                                                        invested in:
                                                                                        • Segregated funds
                                                                                        • Guaranteed investment options
                                                                                        • Securities

                                                                                      Specialty Products and Services
                                                                                      • Individual health, life and critical illness
                                                                                        offered through the Freedom Experience
                                                                                      • Consult+™
                                                                                      • Teledoc Medical Experts™
                                                                                      • ContactTM

                                  1
                                       As at December 31, 2023.
                                  2
                                       As at December 31, 2022.




                                  36      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis    22
                                           B  22                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Individual Wealth Management
The Company provides an array of individual wealth management products that are distributed through multiple sales channels.

    Market Position                                            Products and Services                                        Distribution3,4
    • An industry leader with 24.6% market share               Individual Wealth Management                                 Advisor Solutions
      of individual segregated fund assets1                    • Savings plans                                              • 4,122 financial security advisors registered
                                                                  • RRSPs                                                     with Quadrus Investment Services
                                                                  • Non-registered savings programs
                                                                  • TFSAs                                                   Investment Planning Counsel
                                                                  • RESPs                                                   • 626 financial security advisors
                                                                 Invested in:
                                                                  • Segregated funds                                        Value Partners
                                                                  • Mutual funds                                            • Approximately 75 financial security advisors
                                                                  • Guaranteed investment options
                                                                  • Securities (various forms of managed                    Independent Distribution
                                                                    programs)                                               • 6,558 independent brokers associated with
                                                                                                                              31 MGAs5
                                                               • Retirement income plans                                    • 1,155 advisors associated with 14 national
                                                                 • Retirement income funds                                    accounts
                                                                 • Life income funds                                        • 1,452 IG Wealth Management consultants
                                                                                                                              who actively sell Canada Life products
                                                               • Residential mortgages2                                     • 106 direct brokers and producer groups
                                                               • Banking products
                                                                                                                            Financial Horizons Group5 (Segregated
                                                                                                                            Funds Only)
                                                                                                                            • 5,166 independent brokers selling products
                                                                                                                               from across the industry, including Canada
                                                                                                                               Life

                                                                                                                            Quadrus Investment Services Ltd. (also
                                                                                                                            included in Advisor Solutions advisor counts):




                                                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                            • 2,542 investment representatives




                                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
1
     As at October 31, 2023.
2
     The Canada segment ceased residential mortgage origination in November 2022.
3
     As at November 30, 2023.
4
     Advisor Solutions includes all contracted advisors. Independent Distribution and Financial Horizons Group include advisors who placed new business in 2023.
5
     Financial Horizons Group advisors that placed Canada Life business in 2023 are also included in the MGA independent broker count.

Insurance & Annuities
The Company provides an array of individual insurance products that are distributed through multiple sales channels.

    Market Position                                            Products and Services                                        Distribution2,3
    • A leader in individual life insurance sales              Individual Life Insurance                                    Advisor Solutions
      measured by new total premiums with                      • Term life                                                  • 4,122 financial security advisors
      15.7% market share1                                      • Universal life
    • A significant provider of individual disability          • Participating life                                         Independent Distribution
      and critical illness insurance with 9.3%                                                                              • 6,558 independent brokers associated with
      market share of new sales1                               Living Benefits                                                31 MGAs4
                                                               • Disability                                                 • 1,155 advisors associated with 14 national
                                                               • Critical illness                                             accounts
                                                                                                                            • 1,452 IG Wealth Management consultants
                                                               Retirement Income Plans                                        who actively sell Canada Life products
                                                               • Payout annuities                                           • 106 direct brokers and producer groups
                                                               • Deferred annuities
                                                                                                                            Financial Horizons Group4
                                                                                                                            • 5,166 independent brokers selling products
                                                                                                                               from across the industry, including Canada
                                                                                                                               Life

1
     For the nine months ended September 30, 2023.
2
     As at November 30, 2023. On December 4, 2023, Canada Life announced a strategic partnership with nesto starting in 2024.
3
     Advisor Solutions includes all contracted advisors. Independent Distribution and Financial Horizons Group include advisors who placed new business in 2023.
4
     Financial Horizons Group advisors that placed Canada Life business in 2023 are also included in the MGA independent broker count.




                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   37
                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis         23

                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B  23
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Competitive Conditions
                                  Workplace Solutions
                                  The group life and health benefits market in Canada mainly comprises three large group insurance carriers with significant market positions, a
                                  number of smaller companies operating nationally and several regional and niche competitors. The Company has a significant market share of
                                  22%, which is supported by an extensive distribution network that has access to a wide range of products and services. This strong market share
                                  position is a distinct advantage for competing successfully in the Canadian group insurance market.
                                  The group capital accumulation plan market is also very competitive. Three major insurance companies hold a significant market share while
                                  several smaller insurance companies have an important market presence.

                                  Individual Wealth Management
                                  The individual wealth management marketplace is very competitive. The mutual fund market is fragmented, with the largest participant having
                                  16% market share of assets. The Company's main competitors include mutual fund companies, insurance companies, banks, financial
                                  technology (Fintech) and investment advisors as well as other service and professional organizations. Competition focuses on ease of doing
                                  business through technology, service, variety of investment options, investment performance, product features, price (fees), compensation and
                                  financial strength. Individual Wealth Management's broad spectrum of distribution associates, including affiliated and independent channels,
                                  which was further enhanced in 2023 with the acquisition of IPC and Value Partners, provide important strategic advantages within the
                                  Canadian market.

                                  Insurance & Annuities
                                  Competition in the Canadian individual insurance market focuses on service, technology, product features, price, compensation and financial
                                  strength, as indicated by ratings issued by nationally recognized agencies. The Company's broad spectrum of distribution associates, including
                                  affiliated and independent channels, provide important strategic advantages within the Canadian market.

                                  2023 Developments
                                  Strategic Developments
                                  •    On November 30, 2023, Canada Life completed the previously announced acquisition of IPC, a leading independent wealth management
                                       firm, from IGM. Canada Life acquired IPC for a total purchase consideration of $585 million. Transaction and integration costs of $25
                                       million pre-tax are expected over 18 months after the deal is closed. IGM is an affiliated company and a member of the Power Corporation




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                       group of companies.
                                  •    On September 8, 2023, Canada Life completed its acquisition of Value Partners, bringing complementary capabilities that will further
                                       extend wealth offerings for advisors and their clients.

PART B
                                  •    With the acquisitions of Value Partners and IPC, Canada Life is accelerating its vision to establish a leadership position in the Canadian
                                       independent advisor wealth market in Canada with more than 4,000 advisor relationships and $102 billion in assets under administration.
                                  Business Developments
                                  •    Canada Life onboarded the Canada federal government PSHCP on July 1st, 2023, after 19 months of preparations. The PSHCP is the
                                       largest group benefit plan in Canada and increased Canada Life’s group life & health block by approximately 15% and extended the
                                       Company's capabilities in the group health insurance market to better support all customers in the future. While the initial impact to
                                       operations and customer service of onboarding the PSHCP was larger than originally expected, this prompted a number of agile responses,
                                       including the development and implementation of a Customer Service Action Plan, which has reduced call wait times, accelerated claims
                                       processing, and escalated urgent cases. The Company has also worked hard to be transparent to plan members, publicly posting our
                                       progress on improving service standards and updating frequently asked questions on a regular basis. The plan has shown great progress
                                       and call centre and claims processing times are now at target levels. Since July 1, we have processed over 14 million claims totaling almost
                                       $1 billion. Our priority going forward is implementing the final set of plan design changes the federal government has made for January 1,
                                       2024.
                                  •    Canada Life was awarded the Canada federal government dental care benefits program in June 2023. This win extends a decades-long
                                       relationship in retaining the PSDCP for active employees and expands to include the retiree plan effective July 1, 2024. Overall, the
                                       program represents approximately $550 million in annual paid claims and supports the same 1.7 million Canadians as the PSHCP
                                       onboarded on July 1, 2023.
                                  •    Canada Life has agreed to become the new insurer for a major Canadian Bank's Credit Card Creditor Insurance program. Once
                                       implemented, this transaction will be one of the largest in the history of Canada Life Creditor Insurance, and will further strengthen our
                                       leading position in market share.
                                  •    The Company launched Canada Life My Par Gift™, a first-of-its-kind, innovative participating life insurance product for donors and
                                       registered charities.
                                  •    During the third quarter of 2023, Canada Life expanded its mobile Android and iPhone apps to include group savings, creating a unified
                                       experience to match the industry-leading My Canada Life at Work member site. Members now can make claims, see balances, and easily
                                       understand their group savings in a single, easy-to-use, and easy-to-access dedicated mobile experience.
                                  •    On December 4, 2023, Canada Life announced a strategic partnership with nesto, a leading Canadian digital mortgage company, to
                                       provide mortgage service and administration for Canada Life's residential mortgage customers. Starting January 2024, nesto began
                                       servicing and the administration of Canada Life's residential mortgage portfolio.


                                  38   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   24
                                       B  24                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Selected Financial Information - Canada
                                                                                               For the three months ended                           For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                 Dec. 31                                      Dec. 31
                                                                                     Dec. 31              Sept. 30                2022                  Dec. 31                2022
                                                                                      2023                 2023                 (Restated)               2023                (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Workplace Solutions                                                       $               192 $                191 $                 141 $                  706 $                 631
      Individual Wealth Management                                                               46                   49                    44                    202                   199
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                      60                   58                   120                    224                   358
      Corporate                                                                                   3                   (2)                  (45)                    26                   (24)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                       $               301 $                296 $                 260     $            1,158 $               1,164
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                         (135)                118                    92                   (197)                  267
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                          $                166 $               414 $                 352     $              961 $               1,431
         2
    Sales
       Group Life & Health                                                      $                135 $              1,913 $               138      $            2,336 $                 610
       Group Retirement                                                                        1,143                  617               1,068                   3,151                 3,457
      Workplace Solutions                                                                      1,278                2,530               1,206                   5,487                 4,067
      Individual Wealth Management                                                             2,869                2,100               2,545                   9,801                 9,674
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                      175                  152                 278                     637                   902
    Net cash flows2
      Group Retirement                                                          $                435 $               (161) $               186 $                  849 $               1,016
      Individual Wealth Management                                                              (572)                (427)                (329)                (1,960)               (1,324)
    Net cash flows2                                                             $               (137) $              (588) $              (143) $              (1,111) $                (308)
    Fee and other income
      Workplace Solutions                                                       $               244 $                233 $                 219     $              945 $                 822




                                                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Individual Wealth Management                                                              131                   88                    88                    401                   360
      Corporate                                                                                   8                    7                     6                     31                    30


                                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
    Fee and other income                                                        $               383 $                328 $                 313     $            1,377 $               1,212
                                                      2
    Group life and health book premiums                                         $          14,843 $                14,700 $            12,155

    Total assets                                                                $         203,784 $            191,837 $             190,249
      Other assets under management2,3                                                     13,056                7,460                 4,057
    Total assets under management1                                                        216,840              199,297               194,306
      Other assets under administration2                                                   55,635               27,759                26,344
    Total assets under administration1                                          $         272,475 $            227,056 $             220,650

    Contractual service margin
      Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                 $              1,159 $              1,149 $             1,264
      Individual Wealth Management - Segregated Funds                                          1,846                1,797               1,878
      Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                    2,869                3,385               3,376
    Contractual service margin                                                  $              5,874 $              6,331 $             6,518
1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
3
     At December 31, 2023, Canada Life had $7.1 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($6.9 billion at December 31, 2022); however, $3.3 billion ($2.9 billion as at
     December 31, 2022) of these assets are consolidated as investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.

Base and net earnings
In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Canada segment's base earnings of $301 million increased by $41 million or 16% compared to the same
quarter last year, reflecting strong group disability results driven by improved morbidity experience and management pricing actions and
higher earnings on surplus, partially offset by unfavourable individual insurance mortality experience and favourable impacts from certain tax
estimates in 2022 which did not repeat.
In the fourth quarter of 2023, net earnings of $166 million decreased by $186 million compared to the same quarter last year. Items excluded
from base earnings were negative $135 million compared to positive $92 million for the same quarter last year. Market experience relative to
expectations were negative $114 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 due to a decrease in long-term interest rates and credit spreads, which
increased the fair value of liabilities more than the assets supporting them. This was partially offset by favourable non-fixed income asset
performance. This compares to positive $61 million in the same quarter last year due to an increase in long-term interest rates, partially offset
by a decrease in credit spreads, which decreased the fair value of liabilities more than the assets supporting them. This was also partially offset
by a unfavourable non-fixed income performance. The prior year items also included a positive $63 million one-time impact for a change in the
Canadian statutory income tax rate, which did not repeat.

                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report       39
                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis                25

                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B  25
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  In conjunction with the transition to IFRS 17, the Company made ALM and accounting policy choices to increase the stability of regulatory
                                  capital. As a result, a certain amount of additional net earnings sensitivity was accepted in order to balance LICAT capital sensitivity, resulting
                                  in more stable capital positions. Over the time frame since transition, cumulative fluctuations in net earnings driven by market experience
                                  relative to expectations have been modest and regulatory capital has experienced increased stability, consistent with Management’s
                                  expectations. For additional information, refer to the "Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9" section of this document.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, base earnings of $1,158 million decreased by $6 million compared to the same period last
                                  year, primarily due to favourable impacts from certain tax estimates in 2022 that did not repeat and slightly lower CSM recognition for services
                                  provided. This was partially offset by increased group life and health earnings driven by premium growth and strong disability experience, and
                                  higher earnings on surplus. Base earnings before tax for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 grew 10% compared to the same period
                                  last year.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net earnings decreased by $470 million to $961 million compared to the same period last year.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative $197 million compared to positive $267 million for the same period last year. Market
                                  experience relative to expectations was negative $139 million compared to positive $136 million for the same period last year. Assumption
                                  changes and management actions were negative $38 million compared to positive $87 million for the same period last year, although these
                                  changes must be considered along with the associated CSM impacts. In addition, the prior year included a positive $63 million one-time impact
                                  for a change in the Canadian statutory income tax rate.
                                  For the fourth quarter of 2023, the net loss attributable to the participating account was $5 million compared to a net loss of $134 million for the
                                  same quarter last year, primarily driven by more favourable net investment results, partially offset by less favourable tax impacts compared to
                                  the same quarter last year.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net earnings attributable to the participating account was $16 million compared to a net loss
                                  of $86 million for the same period last year, primarily due to more favourable net investment results and higher CSM recognition for services
                                  provided, partially offset by less favourable tax impacts compared to the same period last year.

                                  Sales
                                  Group life and health sales for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $135 million decreased by $3 million compared to the same quarter last year, due to
                                  lower creditor sales, offset by higher mid-sized market sales. Group retirement sales for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $1,143 million increased by
                                  $75 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher asset retention and group capital accumulation plan sales.
                                  Individual wealth management sales for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $2,869 million increased by $324 million compared to the same quarter




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  last year, primarily due to higher proprietary and third party mutual fund sales. Insurance and annuities sales for the fourth quarter of 2023 of
                                  $175 million decreased by $103 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower individual and single premium group
                                  annuity sales, partially offset by higher non-par insurance sales.


PART B
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, group life and health sales of $2,336 million increased by $1,726 million compared to the
                                  same period last year, primarily due to the addition of the Canada federal government PSHCP. Group retirement sales for the twelve months
                                  ended December 31, 2023 of $3,151 million decreased by $306 million compared to the same period last year, due to lower group capital
                                  accumulation plan sales. Individual wealth management sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 of $9,801 million increased by
                                  $127 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to higher third party mutual fund and guaranteed sales. Insurance and
                                  annuities sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 of $637 million decreased by $265 million compared to the same period last
                                  year, due to lower individual and single premium group annuity sales.

                                  Group life and health book premiums
                                  Group life and health book premiums at December 31, 2023 were $14,843 million, an increase of $143 million compared to September 30, 2023,
                                  primarily due to natural growth in the book.

                                  Net cash flows
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2023, net cash outflows were $137 million compared to net outflows of $143 million for the same quarter last year.
                                  Higher individual wealth management mutual fund and group retirement sales were offset by higher individual wealth management segregated
                                  fund and mutual fund withdrawals.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net cash outflows were $1,111 million compared to net outflows of $308 million for the same
                                  period last year. The increase in outflows was primarily due to higher individual wealth management segregated fund withdrawals, partially
                                  offset by lower individual wealth management third party mutual fund withdrawals.

                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $383 million increased by $70 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily
                                  due to growth in administrative services only fees and the acquisitions of Value Partners and Investment Planning Counsel.
                                  Fee and other income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 of $1,377 million increased by $165 million compared to the same period
                                  last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

                                  Contractual service margin (CSM)
                                  Contractual service margin at December 31, 2023 was $5,874 million, a decrease of $457 million compared to September 30, 2023, primarily
                                  driven by participating account assumption changes and impact of yield curve changes, partially offset by positive segregated fund market
                                  impacts and favourable impacts of a reinsurance negotiation.
                                  At December 31, 2023, total contractual service margin was $5,874 million, a decrease of $644 million from December 31, 2022. The decrease
                                  was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter movement in contractual service margin as well as the impact of
                                  unfavourable insurance experience.
                                  40   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   26
                                       B  26                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Outlook
Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios at
the beginning of this document.

Workplace Solutions
The group life and health market in Canada is primarily shared by three major players, including Canada Life. Major factors affecting the
growth of this market, as well as the Company, include employment growth, macroeconomic conditions such as interest rate, and regulatory/
legislative landscape shift such as the pending Pharmacare bill in Canada. The group retirement market in Canada is dominated by the same
major players. Major factors affecting the growth of this market, as well as the Company, include employment growth, ability for workers to put
aside retirement savings, and macroeconomic conditions such as interest rate and public equity market.
During 2023, Workplace Solutions solidified its leading position in the Canadian group market onboarding the PSHCP and with being awarded
the Public Service Dental Care Plan (PSDCP). The Company believes that its leading or strong market share in all case sizes, regional and
benefit market segments, together with its distribution capacity, will facilitate continued growth.
In 2024, Workplace Solutions plans to: enhance its competitive position by focusing on improving its operational resilience; enhance its
productivity as well as customer and employee experience by making further investments in workflow, automation, digital innovation and
artificial intelligence; and further improve efficiency and customer service by building additional digital capabilities to meet the needs of the
PSDCP that can be leveraged by the rest of the business. In addition, Workplace Solutions plans to continue its focus and investment in the
disability offering and operations to support growth and profitability in this business.
Workplace Solutions will also continue to offer members enhanced products that will be more readily available through the Freedom
Experience suite of products. The business will continue to capitalize on acquisition of ClaimSecure, leverage newly acquired capabilities to
offer an enhanced product shelf, and grow in the third party administrator business segment.

Individual Wealth Management
The individual wealth management market in Canada is shared among banks, wealth advisory companies, life insurers and others, including
online platform such as WealthSimple. Major factors affecting the growth of this market, as well as the Company, include growth in private
wealth, pattern of wealth accumulation and decumulation, regulatory/legislative landscape shift, and macroeconomic conditions such as the
public equity market.
The strong Canada Life brand, prudent business practices, the depth and breadth of its distribution channels, as well as the Company's




                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
reputation for strength and stability, positions the Company well for 2024 and beyond.
In 2023, the Company acquired IPC and Value Partners to further extend wealth offerings for advisors and their clients, as well as accelerate the


                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
Company's strategy of building the leading platform for independent advisors in Canada. With more than $100 billion in assets, the Company is
becoming one of Canada's leading non-bank wealth managers.
In 2024, Individual Wealth Management will leverage the newly acquired capabilities to advance its growth strategies. The business will
enhance the value propositions for advisors in all channels, providing them with strategies and tools, helping their customers focus on
achieving long-term financial security. This commitment to advice is beneficial to strong customer retention as well as helping advisors attract
new customers.
The business will continue to competitively develop, price and market a comprehensive range of individual wealth management products while
maintaining its focus on providing a leading platform to customers and independent advisors in all channels. These capabilities will be further
improved with the recent acquisitions. The business will also leverage economies of scale across its recently acquired wealth management
platforms, where relevant for customers and advisors.

Insurance & Annuities
The insurance and annuities market in Canada is led by a few major players, with many other players participating in the market. Major factors
affecting the growth of this market, as well as the Company, include need for life and health protection, tax and estate planning, growth in
private wealth, regulatory/legislative landscape shift, and macroeconomic conditions including interest rates and public equity markets.
In 2023, the Company continued to strengthen its distribution network and product suite by launching a new product, My Par Gift and
improved pricing for term, universal life and critical illness products. The Company also continued to enhance features for its web-based
illustrations.
In 2024, Insurance & Annuities will continue to advance on business strategies of balancing growth with disciplined pricing and risk selection.
The business will continue to competitively develop, price and market a comprehensive range of individual insurance products, while
maintaining a strong focus on pricing and risk management discipline. The Company will also continue to monitor and respond to the impacts
of fluctuation in long-term interest rates and price compression.
The Company remains committed to supporting its advisors. Distribution channels will maximize the use of common tools, processes and
support, while tailoring support to specific segments of advisors, where appropriate. It will continue to focus on sales and service support to
customers and advisors in all channels.
Operational expense management continues to be critically important for the Canada segment to deliver strong financial results. The business
will seek to achieve this through disciplined expense controls and effective implementation of efficiency initiatives. Management has identified
key areas of focus for these initiatives to facilitate efficiency gains balancing with supporting organic growth, including continuing to invest in
digital solutions to support advisors and customers, while addressing its legacy of administration systems and processes to gain efficiency.



                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   41
                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       27

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  27
                                      Management’s
                                      Management's Discussion
                                                   Discussion and
                                                              and Analysis
                                                                  Analysis


                                      United States
                                      The United States segment operating results for Lifeco include the results of Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower),
                                      PanAgora Asset Management and the results of the legacy insurance businesses in the U.S. branch of Canada Life, together with an allocation of
                                      a portion of Lifeco's corporate results. Items not associated directly with or allocated to Empower and PanAgora Asset Management, including
                                      a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life
                                      retrocession block are included in the Corporate business unit. The U.S. segment also includes the results of Putnam Investments classified as
                                      discontinued operations.

                                      Business Profile
                                      Empower Defined Contribution
                                      Empower Defined Contribution helps people with saving, investing and advice through employer sponsored defined contribution, defined
                                      benefit and non-qualified plans including enrollment services, communication materials, investment options and education services as well as
                                      individual product solutions for participants in employer sponsored plans. It also offers private label recordkeeping and administrative services
                                      for other providers of employer-sponsored defined contribution plans. Empower Defined Contribution aligns with the Workplace Solutions
                                      value driver.

                                      Empower Personal Wealth
                                      Empower Personal Wealth offers retail wealth management products and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and
                                      after-tax investment accounts. Empower Personal Wealth aligns with the Wealth & Asset Management value driver.

                                      Asset Management
                                      Asset Management, through the PanAgora Asset Management brand, provides investment management services and related administrative
                                      functions and distribution services and offers a broad range of investment products. PanAgora Asset Management aligns with the Wealth &
                                      Asset Management value driver. PanAgora Asset Management's results are immaterial to Lifeco's overall results.

                                      Market Overview
                                      Empower Defined Contribution
                                          Market Position                                         Products and Services                                      Distribution




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                          • Second largest defined contribution service           • Employer-sponsored defined contribution,      • Retirement services products distributed to
                                            provider in the country1 by participants                defined benefit and non-qualified plans and a   plan sponsors through brokers, consultants,
                                            providing services for 17.9 million participant         complete array of financial wellness programs   advisors, third-party administrators and banks
                                            accounts and approximately 82,000 plans,2             • Administrative and recordkeeping services,    • Retirement plan sponsors are supported by

PART B
                                            with clients in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and          including enrollment, communication, and        Empower's dedicated sales, account
                                            Guam                                                    education programs                              management and client service professionals
                                          • Industry leader for corporate plan sponsors:          • Fund management, investment and advisory • Empower private label recordkeeping and
                                            largest defined contribution provider to small-         services                                        administrative services distributed through
                                            mid plan sponsors by participants and serves          • Workplace advice solutions                      institutional clients
                                            2 of the largest 5 plans in the nation1
                                          • Provides services to government plans in all
                                            50 states, including administration or
                                            investment services for 29 state plans
                                          • Largest provider of Union plan services3
                                          • Award-winning sales support and recognized
                                            #1 overall value for price4


                                      1
                                           2023 PLANSPONSOR DC Recordkeeping Survey as of December 31, 2022.
                                      2
                                           As of December 31, 2023.
                                      3
                                           2023 Pensions & Investments DC Recordkeeping Survey.
                                      4
                                           PLANADVISER 2022 Retirement Plan Advisor Survey. NAPA Advisors’ Choice Awards 2023.

                                      Empower Personal Wealth
                                          Market Position                                         Products and Services                                      Distribution
                                          • Individual wealth management provider with            • Fund management, investment and advisory                 • IRAs and taxable brokerage accounts
                                            approximately 647,200 accounts and $72                  services                                                   available to individuals distributed directly to
                                            billion in assets under administration.               • Individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and                  consumers utilizing best-in-class digital
                                  1
                                                                                                    taxable brokerage accounts                                 platform acquired through Personal Capital




                                      42      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis          28
                                               B  28                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Competitive Conditions
Empower Defined Contribution
The employer sponsored defined contribution market is extremely competitive and includes other well-established insurance companies and
financial service providers, banks, investment advisors, record keepers and certain service and professional organizations. No single
competitor or small number of competitors is dominant. The Company competes primarily based on name recognition, price, breadth and
quality of service, technology, financial strength and the ability to offer products and services that meet the needs of its diverse clients.

Empower Personal Wealth
Competition in the wealth management market is intense, and clients have diverse preferences, leading to a fragmented market. The
Company’s competitors include traditional brick and mortar, hybrid and digital registered investment advisors, independent advisory firms,
brokerages, mutual fund companies, insurance companies and banks. Though no one competitor is dominant, a handful of legacy
organizations are leveraging their size and name recognition while there are continued challenges from new and existing market participants.
Competition focuses on brand recognition, investment strategies and performance, technology and innovation, fees and cost structure,
customer service, product offerings and reputation driven by third party reviews and social media.

2023 Developments
Strategic Developments
•   Subsequent to December 31, 2023, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin
    Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton", in exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and other deferred and
    contingent consideration. The transaction is not expected to have a material financial impact for Lifeco at close and will be reflected in the
    first quarter 2024 results. Lifeco will retain its controlling interest in PanAgora Asset Management, a leading quantitative asset manager,
    and has agreed to retain shares representing approximately 4.9% of outstanding Franklin Templeton stock for a minimum 5-year period.
    In addition to the sale, Lifeco, along with Power Corporation of Canada and Franklin Templeton, has entered into a strategic partnership to
    distribute Franklin Templeton products. Lifeco will provide an initial long-term asset allocation of US$25 billion assets under
    management to Franklin Templeton within 12 months of closing with the potential for that amount to increase over the next several years.
•   On April 1, 2022, Empower completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential.
    Empower anticipates realizing cost synergies through the migration of Prudential's retirement services business onto Empower's




                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    recordkeeping platform. Estimated run-rate cost synergies of US$180 million are expected to be phased in over 24 months from the date of
    acquisition, primarily when systems migrations are completed. As of December 31, 2023, US$80 million of pre-tax run rate cost synergies
    have been achieved. Revenue synergies of US$20 million are expected on a run-rate basis by the end of 2024 and are expected to grow to
    US$50 million by the end of 2026.

                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B
    Empower expects to incur one-time integration and restructuring expenses of US$170 million pre-tax related to the Prudential acquisition,
    US$19 million pre-tax of which were incurred in the fourth quarter of 2023. The integration is expected to be completed in the first half of
    2024.

                                                                                                                              For the twelve       Total expensed
     (in US$ millions)                                                             For the three months ended                 months ended             to date
                                                                                       Dec. 31          Sept. 30                 Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                        2023             2023                     2023                    2023
     Restructuring and integration (pre-tax)                                       $    19          $     12              $        65              $    133
     Restructuring and integration (post-tax)                                           14                  9                      48                    99

•   In the first quarter of 2023, Empower launched Empower Personal Wealth with an expanded focus on retail wealth management. This new
    business is working to make money management simpler, clearer and more accessible by bringing together everything a customer owns
    and owes in one comprehensive dashboard that they and their advisor can leverage to take control of their personal wealth. The results of
    the business acquired from Personal Capital are now included within Empower Personal Wealth results.




                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   43
                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       29

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         B  29
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Selected Financial Information - United States
                                                                                                                                For the three months ended                            For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                                                    Dec. 31                                      Dec. 31
                                                                                                                          Dec. 31             Sept. 30               2022                 Dec. 31                 2022
                                                                                                                           2023                2023                (Restated)              2023                 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss) (US$)1
                                        Empower Defined Contribution                                                 $             155 $                163 $                 135     $            659 $                524
                                        Empower Personal Wealth                                                                      40                   38                   30                  135                       79
                                        Asset Management3                                                                            —                    (2)                    5                   (7)                     —
                                        Corporate                                                                                    (2)                  (4)                 (10)                 (38)                  (40)
                                      Base earnings (loss) (US$)                                                     $             193 $                195 $                 160 $                749 $                 563
                                        Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                                     (51)                (13)                  (35)                (177)                 (211)
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations (US$)2                                 $             142 $                182 $                 125     $            572 $                352
                                                                      1,3
                                      Base earnings (loss) (C$)                                                      $             261 $                262 $                 215     $          1,006 $                737
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations (C$)2                                  $             194 $                244 $                 168     $            769 $                464
                                                            2
                                      Net flows (US$)
                                        Empower Defined Contribution4                                                $           8,301 $              (6,976) $            3,650      $        11,001 $              31,949
                                        Empower Personal Wealth5                                                                 1,653                 1,881               2,417                 8,519                 9,257
                                        Asset Management3                                                                         (995)               (1,486)               (675)               (3,777)               (2,787)
                                      Net flows (US$)2                                                               $           8,959 $              (6,581) $            5,392      $        15,743 $              38,419
                                                        2
                                      Net flows (C$)                                                                 $         12,184 $               (8,818) $            7,333      $        21,370 $              49,524

                                      Fee and other income (US$)
                                        Empower Defined Contribution                                                 $             586 $                569 $                 543     $          2,273 $              2,058




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Empower Personal Wealth                                                                    109                  104                    83                  398                  315
                                        Asset Management3                                                                           19                   20                    27                   81                   96
                                      Fee and other income (US$)                                                     $             714 $                693 $                 653     $          2,752 $              2,469

PART B
                                      Fee and other income (C$)                                                      $             970 $                928 $                 887     $          3,706 $              3,225

                                      Total assets (US$)                                                             $       229,947 $               218,344 $          219,408
                                        Continuing operations - other assets under management2                               108,268                 100,045             94,587
                                        Discontinued operations - other assets under management2                             121,478                 112,519            110,700
                                      Total assets under management1                                                         459,693                 430,908            424,695
                                        Other assets under administration2                                                 1,270,267            1,144,242            1,056,914
                                      Total assets under administration (US$)1                                       $     1,729,960 $          1,575,150 $          1,481,609
                                      Total assets under administration (C$)1                                        $     2,300,847 $          2,142,204 $          2,000,173
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       Comparative results are restated to exclude discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                  4
                                       Comparative results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 do not include $403.3 billion (US$315.1 billion) in transfers related to the Prudential acquisition.
                                  5
                                       Comparative results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 do not include $7.8 billion (US$6.1 billion) in transfers related to the Prudential acquisition.
                                       Note: The United States segment does not have a material contractual service margin (CSM) balance.

                                  Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2023, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$17 million to US$142 million compared to the same
                                  quarter last year. Base earnings of US$193 million increased by US$33 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to an
                                  increase in fee and other income due to organic growth in the business, higher average equity markets, as well as a favourable fee income
                                  adjustment related to Prudential. This increase was partially offset by credit-related impairments of commercial mortgage loans in the fourth
                                  quarter of 2023.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings increased to negative US$51 million compared to negative US$35 million for the same quarter last year,
                                  primarily due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations as well as higher amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets.
                                  In addition, the fourth quarter of 2022 included a favourable adjustment related to the completion of the Prudential acquisition.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$220 million to US$572 million
                                  compared to the same period last year. Base earnings of US$749 million increased by US$186 million compared to the same period last year,
                                  primarily due the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as higher contribution from investment experience and an additional
                                  quarter of Prudential-related earnings in 2023.


                                  44      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis                30
                                           B  30                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, items excluded from base earnings were negative US$177 million compared to negative
US$211 million for the same period last year. The improvement was primarily due to lower integration and restructuring costs related to the
completion of the MassMutual and Personal Capital integrations in 2022 and improved market experience relative to expectations. These
improvements were partially offset by a provision recorded in the second quarter of 2023 related to Empower's sale, via indemnity reinsurance,
of substantially all of its individual life and annuity business in 2019.

Net flows
In the fourth quarter of 2023, net inflows were US$9.0 billion compared to net inflows of US$5.4 billion for the same quarter last year, primarily
due to increased large plan sales. Large plan sales can be highly variable from period to period and tend to be lower margin; however,
contribute to covering fixed overhead costs.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net inflows were US$15.7 billion compared to net inflows of US$38.4 billion for the same
period last year excluding US$321.2 billion in net transfers related to the Prudential acquisition. The decrease was primarily due to net
participant redemptions of assets under administration in Empower Defined Contribution, as well as lower inflows. Empower Defined
Contribution had large plan sales contributing US$43.7 billion in assets in 2022 compared to US$24.6 billion in large plan sales in 2023.

Fee and other income
Fee income is derived primarily from assets under management, assets under administration, shareholder servicing fees, administration and
recordkeeping services, investment advisory services, investment management fees, performance fees, transfer agency and other service fees, as
well as underwriting and distribution fees.
Fee and other income for the fourth quarter of 2023 of US$714 million increased by US$61 million compared to the same quarter last year. The
increase was primarily due to increased participants and assets under administration due to higher equity market levels and overall growth in
the business. Additionally, there were one-time amounts related to the Prudential integration that favourably contributed to the current
quarter.
Fee and other income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 of US$2,752 million increased by US$283 million compared to the same
period last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as an additional quarter of
Prudential related fee income.

    Empower - Assets under administration (US$)
                                                                                                                                                               Dec. 31




                                                                                                                                                                                       GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                 Dec. 31        2022
                                                                                                                                                  2023        (Restated)
     General account - fixed options                                                                                                        $        66,531 $      73,955

                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B
     Segregated funds - variable options                                                                                                            131,954       123,166
     Other assets under management1                                                                                                                      75,794          62,706
     Other assets under administration2                                                                                                           1,270,267          1,056,914
    Total                                                                                                                                   $     1,544,546 $        1,316,741
1
    At December 31, 2023, other assets under management included US$21.4 billion in Putnam managed funds (US$19.6 billion at December 31, 2022) and US$95.6 billion in Prudential
    managed funds (US$89 billion at December 31, 2022).
2
    At December 31, 2023, other assets under administration included US$316 billion in Prudential managed funds (US$197 billion at December 31, 2022).

Empower customer account values at December 31, 2023 of US$1.5 trillion increased by US$227.8 billion compared with December 31, 2022,
primarily due to an increase in non-proprietary funds in other assets under administration in Empower Defined Contributions due to market
activity.
Outlook
Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios at
the beginning of this document.

Empower Defined Contribution
Empower is positioned for significant growth opportunities with expertise and diversification across all plan types, company sizes and market
segments. With its growth by acquisitions starting in 2020, Empower has added significant expertise, a broader set of capabilities and an
expanded product portfolio. Empower continues to be firmly positioned as the second largest player in the U.S. retirement market with
anticipated organic growth at one and a half to two times the industry. This is expected to result in an increased contribution from Empower to
overall Lifeco results. Empower also expects continued consolidation in the workplace retirement market and will assess acquisition
opportunities as they emerge.
In 2024, Empower’s strategies to drive sales growth will continue to include active marketing of the Empower brand, investing in product
differentiation and offering a best-in-class service model. In the first half of 2024, Empower anticipates the completion of the integration of the
Prudential business acquired in 2022 resulting in additional cost synergies.
Empower remains focused on continuously improving the plan and participant experience. This includes continued investment in technology
solutions to enhance the customer web experience including the Empower Personal Dashboard, adding innovative capabilities, and investing
in artificial intelligence. These efforts are expected to increase customer retention and ultimately increase participant retirement savings.




                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   45
                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis            31

                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B  31
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Empower Personal Wealth
                                  Empower Personal Wealth was launched in the first quarter of 2023 by combining Empower’s legacy rollover and brokerage offerings with the
                                  capabilities and customers from the business acquired from Personal Capital. It focuses on providing retail wealth management to individual
                                  investors through its individual retirement accounts (IRAs) and taxable brokerage offerings.
                                  In 2024, Empower Personal Wealth will continue to serve its existing customers and stimulate growth through focus on advice and digital tools
                                  and continued active marketing of the Empower brand. It will continue to develop and offer a broad range of product solutions that leverage
                                  the Empower Personal Dashboard. Those products include individual retirement accounts and other retirement solutions, taxable solutions
                                  including brokerage account products, personalized financial advice and high net worth solutions. Management has identified key areas of
                                  focus for these initiatives to facilitate the objective of organic growth, including continuing to invest in digital solutions to support advisors and
                                  customers and addressing its legacy of administration systems and processes to unlock the potential for future growth.

                                  Europe
                                  The Europe segment is comprised of three distinct business units: Workplace Solutions, Individual Wealth & Asset Management and Insurance
                                  & Annuities. The segment serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland and Germany. The Company operates under the Canada
                                  Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland along with other acquired brands within the broker market in
                                  Ireland.

                                  Business Profile
                                  Workplace Solutions
                                  Workplace Solutions consists of group life and health insurance business in the U.K. and Ireland as well as group retirement and employee
                                  benefit consulting services in Ireland. These products and services are distributed through employee benefit consultants in the U.K. and
                                  independent brokers and a direct sales force in Ireland. Irish Life Health offers individual and corporate health plans, distributed through
                                  independent brokers and direct channels. The Company's subsidiary Unio Employee Benefits, established in the first quarter of 2023, offers
                                  employee benefits consulting services in Ireland and represents the amalgamation of three of Ireland's leading employee benefits consulting
                                  companies. The Company's subsidiary Cornmarket Group Financial Services Limited is Ireland’s largest public sector provider of financial
                                  services with over 440,000 active policies at the end of 2023.

                                  Individual Wealth & Asset Management
                                  Individual Wealth & Asset Management consists of investments products offered in the U.K., pension, savings, and investment products offered




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  in Ireland and pension products offered in Germany. The core products offered are investments, including life bonds, retirement drawdown
                                  and pension. These products are distributed through independent financial advisors, including owned independent financial advisors, a direct
                                  sales force, tied agent bank branches and by companies in the Isle of Man selling into the U.K. Canada Life Asset Management (CLAM) is a fund


PART B
                                  management company managing a broad range of assets on behalf of the U.K. businesses and companies in the Lifeco group. Irish Life
                                  Investment Managers (ILIM) is one of the Company's fund management operations in Ireland. In addition to managing assets on behalf of
                                  companies in the Lifeco group, ILIM also manages assets for a wide range of institutional clients including pension schemes, insurance
                                  companies, wealth managers, fiduciary managers and sovereign wealth funds across Europe and North America. Setanta Asset Management, a
                                  subsidiary of the Company also based in Ireland, manages assets for third-party institutional clients and a number of companies in the Lifeco
                                  group. The Company operates two wealth consultancy businesses in Ireland. One of which is Unio Wealth Management, established in the first
                                  quarter of 2023, which represents the amalgamation of three of Ireland’s leading wealth management companies.

                                  Insurance & Annuities
                                  Insurance & Annuities consists of bulk and individual payout annuities offered in the U.K and Ireland, equity release mortgages offered in the
                                  U.K., and individual protection insurance offered in Ireland and Germany. These products are distributed through independent brokers and
                                  multi-tied agents. During 2023, Canada Life U.K. announced an agreement to sell its individual onshore protection business that has been
                                  closed to new business since late 2022.




                                  46   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   32
                                        B  32                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Market Overview
Workplace Solutions
    Market Position                                                Products and Services                                        Distribution
    U.K.                                             U.K.                                                                       U.K.
    • Group life market share 23%1                   • Group life insurance                                                     • Financial advisors
                                                   1
    • Group income protection market share 14% • Group income protection (disability)                                           • Employee benefit consultants
                                                     • Group critical illness
    Ireland                                                                                                                     Ireland
                                        2
    • Life assurance market share 36%                Ireland                                                                    • Independent brokers (including owned
    • Group DC schemes market share 39%3             • Group critical illness                                                      brokers)
    • Group third largest health insurance business • Group and individual health insurance                                     • Pension consultants (including owned
       through Irish Health with a market share of   • Group risk & pension                                                        pension consultants)
       21%4                                          • Group wealth management services                                         • Direct sales force made up of primarily self
                                                                                                                                   employed tied agents and a smaller employed
                                                                                                                                   sales team
                                                                                                                                • Direct digital and contact centre

1
     As at December 31, 2022.
2
     As at June 30, 2023. This is the total Irish Life Assurance share of the Life, Pensions & Investments market.
3
     As at January 31, 2023 based on the officially published 2022 figures.
4
     As at September 30, 2023.

Individual Wealth & Asset Management
    Market Position                                                Products and Services                                        Distribution
    U.K.                                                           U.K.                                             U.K.
    • A market leading international life company                  • Individual savings and investments (retirement • Financial advisors
      selling into the U.K. market with over 26%                      drawdown & pension, onshore &                 • Private banks
      market share1                                                   international bonds and collective investment
                                                                      funds)                                        Ireland
    Ireland                                                                                                         • Independent brokers (including owned
    • ILIM is one of the largest institutional fund                Ireland                                             brokers)
       managers in Ireland with $156 billion assets                • Individual risk & pensions                     • Pension and investment consultants




                                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       under management2                                           • Individual wealth management services          • Direct sales force made up of primarily self
    • Setanta Asset Management has                                 • Individual savings and investment                 employed tied agents and a smaller employed
       approximately $20 billion of assets under                   • Institutional investment management               sales team
       management2                                                                                                  • Direct digital and contact centre

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
    • Unio is one of Ireland's leading wealth                      Germany                                          • Tied bank branch distribution
       management companies                                        • Pensions
                                                                   • Variable annuities (GMWB)                      Germany
    Germany
    • 3% share of the broker market3                                                                                • Independent brokers
                                                                                                                    • Multi-tied agents

1
     Market share position is based on Acuity U.K. Index Q3 2023.
2
     As at December 31, 2023.
3
     As at September 30, 2023.

Insurance & Annuities
    Market Position                                                Products and Services                                        Distribution
    U.K.                                                           U.K.                                                         U.K.
    • Payout annuities market share 21% (advisor                   • Individual and bulk payout annuities                       • Financial advisors
      only)1                                                       • Fixed term annuities                                       • Employee benefit consultants
    • A leading company in the equity release                      • Individual life insurance (closed to new
      market with 9% market share2                                   business)                                                  Ireland
                                                                   • Individual critical illness (closed to new                 • Independent brokers (including owned
    Ireland                                                          business)                                                     brokers)
    • Market leader with total market share of                     • Equity release mortgages                                   • Direct sales force made up of primarily self
       36%3                                                                                                                        employed tied agents and a smaller employed
    • Number one in individual life insurance with                 Ireland                                                         sales team
       27%4                                                        • Individual and bulk payout annuities                       • Direct digital and contact centre
    • Number one in bulk annuities with 57%                        • Individual protection products                             • Tied bank branch distribution
       market share5
                                                                   Germany                                                      Germany
    Germany                                                        • Income protection (disability)                             • Independent brokers
    • 7% share of the broker market6                               • Critical illness                                           • Multi-tied agents
                                                                   • Individual life insurance

1
     Market share based on third quarter 2023 data through financial advisors, restricted whole market advisors and non-advised distributor.
2
     Equity Release Council market statistics for the fourth quarter of 2022 to the third quarter of 2023.
3
     As at June 30, 2023. This is the total Irish Life Assurance share of the Life, Pensions & Investments market.
4
     As at June 30, 2023.
5
     As at December 31, 2023.
6
     As at September 30, 2023.

                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   47
                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       33

                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  33
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Competitive Conditions
                                  Workplace Solutions
                                  In the U.K., Canada Life remains as the leader in the market based on premium, lives and number of schemes. The top 4 participants in this
                                  market have captured the majority of share in the market by inforce premium.
                                  Irish Life is the largest life assurance company in Ireland with a market share of 36% as at June 30, 2023. While there are a broad number of
                                  domestic and multinational participants, the top three participants have a combined share of the market exceeding 75%.
                                  Irish Life Health is one of the three main insurers in the Irish market and provides access to healthcare through its health insurance plans that
                                  offers preventative health benefits through a combination of innovative digital and in-person services.
                                  The intermediary division of Irish Life provides employee benefits consultancy to companies in Ireland through Unio and Cornmarket Group
                                  Financial Services. Cornmarket Group are the largest Irish public sector’s provider of financial services with over 440,000 active policies as at
                                  the end of 2023, whereas Unio Financial Services operates predominately in the private sector.

                                  Individual Wealth & Asset Management
                                  Canada Life Asset Management (CLAM) is based in the U.K. with approximately $61 billion of assets under management, as at December 31,
                                  2023. CLAM’s core fund management solutions include a broad asset sourcing capability that supports its institutional client mandates, bulk
                                  annuity and reinsurance customers and retail collective funds. CLAM distributes its products through a network of platforms, discretionary
                                  fund managers and financial advisors.
                                  CLAM recorded collective sales exceeding $1.8 billion including a record year of external fund sales of $777 million. During the fourth quarter,
                                  the first institutional inflows occurred and are a part of the WS Canlife Sterling Liquidity Fund.
                                  During the fourth quarter of 2023, Canada Life U.K. received four stars from the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark for the balance
                                  sheet property portfolio, and ranked 9th out of 100 from the U.K. Diversified Core participants. The improvement reflects the demonstration of
                                  energy saving initiatives, net-zero carbon audits, tenant engagement and surveys, along with improved tenant data collection and green
                                  certifications on larger assets.
                                  ILIM is one of Ireland’s largest institutional fund managers with approximately $156 billion of assets under management, as at December 31,
                                  2023. ILIM continues to expand its investment offerings in multi asset, real estate and custom indexed solutions to broaden its environmental,
                                  social and governance (ESG) capabilities, and evolve its asset and liability management capabilities to support bulk annuity services for large




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  defined benefit pension schemes.
                                  The retail business of Irish Life Assurance plc (ILA) manages both pensions and investment products on behalf of individual customers. At
                                  December 31, 2023, the total assets under administration of ILA Retail was approximately $28 billion. This followed the successful transfer of

PART B
                                  €1.8 billion ($2.7 billion) of funds on November 1, 2023 from ILA to Saol Assurance dac (AIB Life). ILA Retail distributes its products through a
                                  broad network in Ireland via independent brokers, banking partners and directly employed advisers and tied agents.
                                  The Company has a leading position among providers of low guarantee unitized products to the German independent intermediary market.
                                  The move of insurance companies from traditional German insurance products with guarantees to the unitized lighter guarantee product
                                  categories that Canada Life offers continues to increase the level of competition. The Company has enhanced its ongoing product, technology
                                  and service improvements to help strengthen its position in the competitive German market where it holds a leading position.
                                  Within Individual Wealth & Asset Management, the intermediary division of Irish Life provides wealth services to individuals. This is primarily
                                  through Unio Financial Services, which along with an affiliated company, oversees approximately $12 billion of assets on behalf of Workplace
                                  and Individual Wealth & Asset Management clients.

                                  Insurance & Annuities
                                  Canada Life in the U.K. has benefited in recent years from an increase in the proportion of customers who are seeking the best price in the open
                                  market and buying annuities through financial advisors, which are the Company’s primary distribution channel. The Company continues to
                                  offer both standard and enhanced annuities as well as investment-based pension and drawdown products for customers wanting to take
                                  advantage of pension flexibility.
                                  The Company is well positioned for further growth in the retirement retail market, supported by its equity release mortgage expertise, which is
                                  an important part of the retirement market. The Company also offers bulk annuities aimed at trustees of defined benefits plans who want to
                                  insure pension annuities in payment. This is a large and growing market and the demand from trustees remains strong as they consider ways to
                                  reduce risk. With considerable expertise and experience in longevity and investment products, the Company is well placed in the bulk annuity
                                  market.




                                  48   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   34
                                       B  34                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


2023 Developments
Strategic Developments
•   During the first quarter of 2023, Irish Life combined its Irish brands: Invesco Limited, Acumen & Trust and APT Wealth Management under
    a single wealth management umbrella. The new firm, Unio, brings together three advisory firms into one firm with a common advisory
    and investment proposition for clients. The new company provides expert advice for thousands of individuals in the Irish market who are
    currently either under-advised, or need assistance in managing their wealth. Underpinned by a market-leading digital platform, Unio will
    provide personalized client advice and investment solutions to a growing and underserved population.
•   On May 16, 2023, Canada Life U.K. announced an agreement to sell its individual onshore protection business to Countrywide Assured plc
    (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Approximately 47,000 customer policies will transfer to Countrywide in 2024, subject to the
    completion of a court-approved transfer. This follows the Canada Life U.K. announcement that it closed onshore individual protection
    insurance to new business in November 2022. As a result of this agreement, divestiture costs of $29 million have been excluded from base
    earnings in the second quarter of 2023.
•   During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company undertook several strategic actions to help strengthen its market positions in Europe and
    enhance the outlook for 2024. The one-time financial impacts of these actions were excluded from base earnings:
    •    Following the successful launch of the Company's joint venture, AIB Life in 2023, Irish Life completed the sale to AIB Life of a portfolio
         of policies previously written under our pre-existing distribution agreement with Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. (AIB). The transaction
         resulted in a net gain of $118 million ($127 million of which was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023). The sale of this portfolio of
         policies adds to the scale of AIB Life and accelerates the timeline to profitability.
    •    The Company recorded provisions of $159 million related to the write-off of intangible assets related to certain information
         technology systems as well as provisions for staff reductions starting in 2024. The write-off of intangible assets and the provision for
         staff reductions arose from the following business decisions and activities:
         •    Subsequent to December 31, 2023, in the first quarter of 2024, the Company announced its decision to close to new business the
              Company's U.K. on-shore wealth business.
         •    The restructuring provision will support the German business with the implementation of its strategy to create growth through
              product diversification and an efficiency program leveraging the new administration platform and increased automation using




                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
              artificial intelligence technologies.
         •    The continued implementation of the Company's "one Irish Life" strategy including the build out of digital customer
              technologies and increased automation in Ireland.

                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B
    •    An inforce block of U.K. annuity business was reinsured externally on attractive terms, supporting capital efficiency and capacity in
         this business line. This transaction increases the capacity for new U.K. annuity business in the buoyant U.K. market where $991
         million in business was written in the second half of 2023 and strengthened the Company’s position for 2024. The reinsurance
         transaction resulted in a net gain of $110 million and added approximately one and a half points to Canada Life's LICAT ratio.
Business Developments
•   Irish Life's EMPOWER Master Trust reached over €6 billion in assets under management by the end of 2023. The master trust is the largest
    in Ireland, benefiting over 130,000 members by delivering a best-in-class member engagement program, responsible investment strategies
    and independent governance.
•   In September 2023, Canada Life U.K. was awarded U.K. Stewardship Code 2020 status for the first time. The Financial Reporting Council’s
    U.K. Stewardship Code 2020 sets high stewardship standards for those investing money on behalf of U.K. savers and pensioners, and those
    that support them. This achievement demonstrates Canada Life U.K.'s credentials in ensuring customers’ assets and the systems
    depended upon are well looked after.
•   Canada Life U.K. wrote eight large bulk annuity sales by the end of 2023, aggregating to $1.1 billion. The U.K. bulk purchase annuities
    market has been buoyant as trustees seek to de-risk. During the third quarter of 2023, Irish Life completed onboarding a $117 million bulk
    annuity transaction; the largest bulk annuity transaction to take place in the Irish market in 2023.
•   In 2023, Canada Life U.K. achieved a record of full year sales of individual and fixed term annuities with new business sales of $2 billion
    (£1.2 billion) consisting of over 12,000 new policies.
•   Throughout 2023, the Company launched a number of applications and platforms across its business lines to enhance users’ experiences
    and to extend supports for its clients’ health and well-being. The Company continues to invest internally in automation and digital
    innovation to streamline processes and workflows with the goal of generating operational efficiencies and increased productivity.




                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   49
                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       35

                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  35
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Selected Financial Information - Europe
                                                                                                                                For the three months ended                            For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                                                   Dec. 31                                   Dec. 31
                                                                                                                         Dec. 31              Sept. 30              2022                  Dec. 31             2022
                                                                                                                          2023                 2023               (Restated)               2023             (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,4
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                          $              87 $                 53 $                 33 $                  258 $            235
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                        43                   59                   63                    161              255
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                       91                   93                  163                    396              356
                                        Corporate                                                                                    (8)                  1                   (3)                    (38)             (1)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1,4                                                        $             213 $                206 $                256      $          777 $               845
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                            4                  (181)               (281)               (393)                357
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                      $             217 $                 25 $                 (25) $                384 $          1,202
                                           2
                                      Sales
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                          $            596 $                  568 $              368       $        2,343 $             1,964
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                    6,260                  5,270              5,223               24,947              21,533
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                   1,216                  1,421                847                3,851               3,783
                                      Net cash flows2
                                        Workplace Solutions                                                          $            408 $                 510 $               194       $        1,605 $             1,593
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                    3,388                   363               1,087                7,882               3,662
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                      30                    21                  17                   93                  89
                                      Net cash flows2                                                                $          3,826 $                 894 $             1,298       $        9,580 $             5,344
                                                                  4
                                      Fee and other income
                                         Workplace Solutions                                                         $              49 $                 38 $                 44 $                  202 $            193




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Individual Wealth & Asset Management                                                      151                  153                  129                    573              529
                                         Insurance & Annuities and Corporate                                                         1                   (1)                  (5)                     2               (8)
                                      Fee and other income4                                                          $             201 $                190 $                168      $             777 $            714

PART B
                                                                                        2
                                      Group life and health book premiums                                            $          2,415 $                2,348 $            2,125

                                      Total assets                                                                   $       194,529 $               182,742 $         176,781
                                        Other assets under management2                                                        63,525                  56,300            50,539
                                      Total assets under management1                                                         258,054                 239,042           227,320
                                        Other assets under administration2,3                                                  12,076                  11,579             11,345
                                      Total assets under administration1                                             $       270,130 $               250,621 $         238,665

                                      Contractual service margin
                                        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating               $                               3,255 $                3,104 $            2,771
                                        Individual Wealth & Asset Management - Segregated Funds                                 1,463                  1,323              1,391
                                      Contractual service margin                                                     $          4,718 $                4,427 $            4,162
                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       At December 31, 2023, other assets under administration excludes $12.7 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies ($11.3 billion at
                                       September 30, 2023 and $10.8 billion at December 31, 2022).
                                  4
                                       Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain business units to Value Drivers has been modified and comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 have been
                                       restated, as applicable.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Europe segment's net earnings of $217 million increased by $242 million compared to the same quarter last
                                  year. Base earnings of $213 million decreased by $43 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to lower investment
                                  earnings in Insurance & Annuities driven by the impact of trading activity in the prior year that did not re-occur. The decrease was partially
                                  offset by favourable group protection experience in Workplace Solutions and the impact of currency movement.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2023 were positive $4 million compared to negative $281 million for the same
                                  quarter last year. The increase was primarily due to a net gain on sale of a portfolio of policies to AIB Life of $127 million and from the impact of
                                  recapturing a block of inforce annuities reinsured internally which resulted in a net gain of $110 million. In addition, property value reductions
                                  were greater in 2022 than in 2023. These items were partially offset by an asset impairment related to information technology systems as well as
                                  provisions for restructuring costs.



                                  50      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis          1

                                           B  36                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


In conjunction with the transition to IFRS 17, the Company made ALM and accounting policy choices to increase the stability of regulatory
capital. As a result, a certain amount of additional net earnings sensitivity was accepted in order to balance LICAT capital sensitivity, resulting
in more stable capital positions. Over the time frame since transition, cumulative fluctuations in net earnings from continuing operations
driven by market experience relative to expectations have been modest and regulatory capital has experienced increased stability, consistent
with Management’s expectations. For additional information, refer to the "Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9" section of this document.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net earnings decreased by $818 million to $384 million compared to the same period last year,
primarily due to market related items excluded from base earnings, as described below.
Base earnings of $777 million decreased by $68 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to lower investment earnings in
Insurance & Annuities and changes in fees and expense allocations in Individual Wealth & Asset Management. The decrease was partially offset
by favourable group protection experience in Workplace Solutions, improved morbidity experience in Insurance & Annuities and the impact of
currency movement.
Items excluded from base earnings decreased by $750 million to negative $393 million. The same period last year included positive
contributions from higher-than-expected non-fixed income asset returns and positive impacts from higher risk-free rates, whereas 2023
included negative market experience relative to expectations driven by reductions in commercial property values, and realized OCI losses
related to asset rebalancing to shorter duration assets in the surplus account in the second quarter of 2023. These reductions were partially
offset by the net gain on sale to AIB Life and the U.K. inforce annuity reinsurance recapture as discussed for the in-quarter results.

Sales
Individual Wealth & Asset Management sales for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $6,260 million increased by $1,037 million compared to the same
quarter last year, primarily due to higher wealth fund management sales in Ireland and the U.K. and the impact of currency movement.
Insurance & Risk Solutions sales for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $1,216 million increased by $369 million compared to the same quarter last
year, primarily due to strong individual annuity sales from higher interest rates and from bulk annuities reflecting improved operational
capabilities in the U.K. as well as impact of currency movement. This is partially offset by lower equity release mortgage sales resulting from
higher interest rates and lower bulk payout annuity sales in Ireland. Workplace Solutions sales for the fourth quarter of 2023 of $596 million
increased by $228 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to pension sales growth in Ireland and the impact of currency
movement.
Individual Wealth & Asset Management sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 of $24,947 million increased by $3,414 million
compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for in-quarter results. Insurance & Risk Solutions sales for




                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 of $3,851 million increased by $68 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to
strong individual annuity and bulk annuity sales in the U.K. and impact of currency movement, partially offset by lower equity release mortgage
sales in the U.K. Workplace Solutions sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 of $2,343 million increased by $379 million


                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for in-quarter results.

Group life and health book premiums
Group life and health book premiums at December 31, 2023 were $2.4 billion, an increase of $67 million compared to September 30, 2023,
primarily due to organic growth of in-force business.

Net cash flows
In the fourth quarter of 2023, net cash inflows were $3.8 billion compared to net inflows of $1.3 billion for the same quarter last year. The
increase was primarily due to higher wealth fund management sales in Ireland.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net cash inflows were $9.6 billion compared to net inflows of $5.3 billion for the same period
last year. The increase was primarily due to the same reasons discussed for in-quarter results.

Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the fourth quarter of 2023 increased by $33 million to $201 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily
due to higher management fees from higher average asset levels in Individual Wealth & Asset Management and the impact of currency
movement.
Fee and other income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023 were $63 million higher compared to the same period last year, primarily
due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.

Contractual service margin
Contractual service margin at December 31, 2023 was $4,718 million, an increase of $291 million compared to September 30, 2023, primarily
due to strong contributions of CSM from new business for non-participating products, positive assumption changes, higher market impacts and
the impact of currency movement.
At December 31, 2023, total contractual service margin was $4,718 million, an increase of $556 million from December 31, 2022, primarily due to
the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   51
                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       37

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  37
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Outlook
                                  Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios at
                                  the beginning of this document.

                                  Workplace Solutions
                                  •    Canada Life U.K.’s group protection business maintained its position as a market leader in 2023 and the Company believes that this market
                                       position along with value-add features will facilitate continued growth in premium income. The Company anticipates the beneficial
                                       impact of wage inflation will reduce over the short to medium-term as inflationary pressures in the U.K. reduce.
                                  •    In 2024, Irish Life will focus on developing a fully integrated corporate engagement strategy to maximize the effectiveness of our strong
                                       corporate relationships, ensure we maintain our best-in-class pension, risk and health propositions and continue the journey of
                                       integrating its wealth and employee benefits consulting businesses. Through the development of the fully integrated corporate
                                       engagement strategy, this will support maximizing the impact of the Irish Life brand and continue to grow both the number of
                                       relationships and the depth of these relationships. Irish Life offers a broad level of solutions to corporate clients in the pension, protection,
                                       wealth and health spaces ahead of what is customary in these markets.

                                  Individual Wealth & Asset Management
                                  •    In 2024, Canada Life U.K. will focus on maintaining its position as a key player in the single premium offshore investment bond
                                       marketplace. U.K.'s distribution strategy for wealth will remain focused on financial advisors and maintaining its relationships with
                                       institutional partners. We aim to hold our current market leading position. Our success has been driven by breadth and depth of the
                                       product range, features and investment options, jurisdictional choice, service, technical support and relationship excellence, as well as
                                       competitive pricing. Consolidation has reduced the number of major providers in the market (80% of the market is now controlled by just
                                       five providers); this presents the Company with an opportunity to grow its market share further.
                                  •    In 2024, Irish Life will continue to grow the new wealth brand Unio, while maintaining our market leading positions in asset management
                                       in the areas of sustainability and product innovation.
                                  •    In 2024, Canada Life in Germany will focus on growth and diversification in products and propositions, efficiency through automation
                                       using technology and artificial intelligence partnerships and enhancing the experience of the independent financial adviser and customer
                                       using digital. Occupational pensions are a major growth theme in Germany and the Company will use its franchise and technologies to
                                       move up the value curve through small and into medium-size business segments where there is significant pension undercoverage in




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                       Germany. The Company has been successful in building a presence in the pensions market by leveraging its UWP competency and in
                                       2024, will explore alternative solutions that are more capital-light while still meeting customer and advisor needs.

                                  Insurance & Annuities

PART B
                                  •    In 2024, both Canada Life U.K. and Irish Life will focus on maintaining share of the retail payout annuities market while investing in
                                       customer service systems. In 2023, rapid growth in the retail payout annuities market was driven by improved payout rates and consumers
                                       seeking a guaranteed income. The Company expects that interest in retail annuities will remain high as interest rates persist at a higher
                                       level than in the recent past, while overall retirement market demand will continue to grow as retiree finances increasingly reflect historic
                                       employer provision shifts from defined benefit to defined contribution plans.
                                  •    The Company will further develop its presence in the bulk annuity market where trustees of defined benefit schemes want to remove risk
                                       by insuring pension liabilities. Medium-term demand is expected to remain strong in this market as scheme funding ratios mean de-
                                       risking is accessible for a higher proportion of schemes than in previous years. In the U.K., the Company invested in its operational
                                       capability and proposition in 2023, which is expected to help grow its share of the bulk payout annuities market.
                                  •    The outlook for both U.K. gilt prices and property prices remains uncertain over the short-term, however, demand for equity release
                                       mortgage products is likely to increase given growing customer needs to cope with cost of living crisis and continuing needs to meet living
                                       costs, consolidate debt and manage mortgage debt carried in to later life.
                                  •    In 2024, the Company will continue to digitalize and expand its advice services to 1.6 million customers and its advice partners.
                                  •    In 2024, Canada Life in Germany will complete the tail migration of all policies onto the new single iSuite administration system and
                                       engage in upgrading the system to a more recent version. The new system will enable the Company to drive for increased efficiency
                                       through automation and the Company will leverage artificial intelligence technologies to automate core administrative processes starting
                                       with new business and indexing processes. The Company is also building its digital and data capabilities and will launch a new customer
                                       portal minimum viable product to make it easier for customers to access their plan information.




                                  52   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   38
                                       B  38                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Capital and Risk Solutions
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco's reinsurance business and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's corporate results.
Capital and Risk Solutions also includes the results for the Company's legacy international businesses.
At Lifeco, the Capital and Risk Solutions offerings are generally included as Insurance and Risk Solutions value driver. The segment's surplus
earnings and an allocation of corporate capital are included in Corporate.

Business Profile
Reinsurance
Reinsurance provides capital and risk solutions and operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. In the U.S., the reinsurance
business operates through a branch of Canada Life. In Barbados, the reinsurance business operates primarily through a branch of Canada Life
and subsidiaries of Canada Life. In Bermuda and Ireland, the reinsurance business operates through a subsidiary of Canada Life.
The Company’s business includes both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or through reinsurance brokers.
As a retrocessionaire, the Company provides reinsurance to other reinsurers to enable those companies to manage their insurance risk. The
product portfolio offered by the Company includes life, health, annuity/longevity, mortgage surety and property catastrophe reinsurance,
provided on both a proportional and non-proportional basis.
In addition to providing reinsurance products to third parties, the Company also utilizes the same structures on internal reinsurance
transactions between companies in the Lifeco group. These transactions are undertaken to better manage insurance risks relating to retention,
volatility and concentration; and to facilitate capital management for the Company, its subsidiaries and branch operations. These internal
reinsurance transactions produce benefits that are reflected in one or more of the Company’s other business units.

Market Overview
Reinsurance
    Market Position                                    Products and Services                              Distribution
    • 4th largest reinsurer worldwide by premium    Life, Health and Annuity                              • Independent reinsurance brokers
      volume1                                       • Yearly renewable term                               • Direct placements
    • Largest life reinsurer worldwide by premium • Co-insurance
              1
      volume                                        • Modified co-insurance




                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    • Leading provider of structured reinsurance    • Risk & capital management solutions
      solutions in the U.S. and Europe markets
    • Leading provider of U.K. and European         Longevity
      longevity reinsurance                         • Longevity swaps

                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
                 th
    • Ranked 8 for traditional mortality            • Capital management solutions
      reinsurance in the U.S in terms of market
            1
      share
    • Long-standing provider of a range of property Mortgage   and Surety Reinsurance
                                                    • Stop loss and quota share
      and casualty catastrophe retrocession
      coverages
                                                    Property and Casualty
                                                    • Catastrophe retrocession
                                                    • Capital management solutions

                                                       Funded Reinsurance
                                                       • Coinsurance of life and annuity blocks with
                                                         assets

1
     As at December 31, 2022.

Competitive Conditions
In the U.S. life reinsurance market, insurers continue to view reinsurance as an important tool for risk and capital management. Several
competitors are now focusing on growing their market share, which has resulted in increased competition. Nevertheless, a biennial
independent industry survey released in November 2023 confirmed that the Company remains one of the top two providers of risk and capital
management solutions in the U.S. market. The Company’s financial strength and ability to offer risk and capital solutions and traditional
mortality reinsurance continues to be a competitive advantage.
In Europe, Solvency II dominates the regulatory landscape and interest in reinsurance solutions that produce capital benefits continues to grow.
Demand for longevity reinsurance remains strong in the U.K., the Netherlands and other continental European countries. As a result, there are
now more reinsurers participating in the European market.
The Company's main competitors include other large reinsurance companies primarily in North America and Europe.




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   53
                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       39

                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  B  39
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  2023 Developments
                                  •       The Capital and Risk Solutions segment continued to grow by providing tailored solutions to customers while increasing diversification
                                          within the portfolio. In 2023, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment expanded its international presence in targeted new markets, while
                                          continuing to focus on core markets and product expansion in Europe, including two transactions in Italy and expanded our client base in
                                          Asia. In the fourth quarter, the Company entered into a long-term longevity reinsurance agreement with an insurance company in the
                                          United Kingdom covering approximately £1 billion of pension liabilities and approximately 50,000 in-payment and deferred pensioners.
                                  •       The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to potential claims
                                          arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and earthquakes. Current preliminary
                                          estimates of industry losses arising from catastrophe events in the third and fourth quarters of 2023 do not reach the level where any claims
                                          would be anticipated. In addition, the Company continues to monitor potential impacts of recent geopolitical conflicts, which are not
                                          expected to have a material effect on results.

                                  Selected Financial Information - Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                           For the three months ended                              For the twelve months ended

                                                                                                                                                               Dec. 31                                    Dec. 31
                                                                                                                    Dec. 31              Sept. 30               2022                   Dec. 31             2022
                                                                                                                     2023                 2023                (Restated)                2023             (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        Reinsurance                                                            $              232 $                195 $                  179 $                  778 $            607
                                        Corporate                                                                                4                   3                      2                     16                (9)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                    $              236 $                198 $                  181 $                  794 $            598
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                      (21)                 67                   (178)                    39               (56)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                       $              215 $                265 $                     3     $             833 $            542

                                      Total assets2                                                            $           9,088 $               8,483 $               8,975

                                      Contractual service margin




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                        $           1,745 $               1,735 $               1,796
                                        Reinsurance - Participating                                                           23                    24                    25


PART B
                                      Contractual service margin                                               $           1,768 $               1,759 $               1,821

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       The Capital and Risk Solutions segment does not have assets under management or other assets under administration.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment's net earnings of $215 million increased by $212 million compared to the
                                  same quarter last year. Base earnings of $236 million increased by $55 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to growth
                                  in the structured business and net positive insurance experience primarily driven by favourable claims developments on prior years' property
                                  catastrophe losses, partially offset by unfavourable experience in the U.S. life business and on certain structured transactions.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative $21 million compared to negative $178 million for the same quarter last year driven by relative
                                  interest rate and credit spread in-period movements.
                                  In conjunction with the transition to IFRS 17, the Company made ALM and accounting policy choices to increase the stability of regulatory
                                  capital. As a result, a certain amount of additional net earnings sensitivity was accepted in order to balance LICAT capital sensitivity, resulting
                                  in more stable capital positions. Over the time frame since transition, cumulative fluctuations in net earnings from continuing operations
                                  driven by market experience relative to expectations have been modest and regulatory capital has experienced increased stability, consistent
                                  with Management’s expectations. For additional information, refer to the "Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9" section of this document.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net earnings increased by $291 million to $833 million compared to the same period last year.
                                  Base earnings increased by $196 million to $794 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-
                                  quarter results as well as a provision for estimated claims related to Hurricane Ian of $128 million in 2022.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, items excluded from base earnings increased by $95 million to positive $39 million compared
                                  to the same period last year, primarily due to relative interest rate and credit spread in-period movements, partially offset by net assumption
                                  updates.

                                  Contractual service margin
                                  Contractual service margin at December 31, 2023 was $1,768 million, an increase of $9 million compared to September 30, 2023, primarily due
                                  to new business and currency impacts which were partially offset by run-off and experience.
                                  At December 31, 2023, total contractual service margin was $1,768 million, a decrease of $53 million from December 31, 2022. The decrease was
                                  mainly driven by run-off and unfavourable experience exceeding new business impacts.




                                  54      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis            40
                                           B  40                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Outlook
Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios at
the beginning of this document.

Reinsurance
The U.S. health individual market continues to create expanded opportunities for reinsurance.
The Company's reinsurance business unit continues to help its clients and other affiliated companies meet capital challenges through
innovative reinsurance solutions. Demand for structured reinsurance remains strong and will remain a focus for 2024.
Internationally, Canada Life continues to explore opportunities where the Company's reinsurance solutions can support clients in new
geographies and execute a number of value generating transactions. Measured international expansion will remain a focus in 2024.
Significant severe convective storms and flood events continued in 2023 along with other major events including fires and earthquakes. As a
result, the Company expects 2024 retrocessional pricing to remain relatively elevated, similar to 2023. The Company’s primary focus in the
property catastrophe market for 2024 will be to continue to support the core client base with prudent attachment levels, restricted territorial
scope and risk adjusted premiums.

Lifeco Corporate
The Lifeco Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business units of the
Company.

Selected Financial Information - Lifeco Corporate
                                                                                             For the three months ended                        For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                            Dec. 31                                    Dec. 31
                                                                                   Dec. 31             Sept. 30              2022                  Dec. 31              2022
                                                                                    2023                2023               (Restated)               2023              (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                     $               (40) $             (12) $               (18)    $              (68) $               (26)
      Items excluded from base earnings                                                        (9)                 —                   (2)                   (17)                  15
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders




                                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                              $               (49) $             (12) $               (20)    $              (85) $               (11)

1
     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B
In the fourth quarter of 2023, Lifeco Corporate had a net loss of $49 million comparable to a net loss of $20 million for the same period last year.
Base loss of $40 million increased by $22 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher operating expenses driven by
higher variable compensation expenses.
Items excluded from base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2023 were negative $9 million compared to negative $2 million for the same quarter
last year, primarily due to less favourable market experience relative to expectations.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Lifeco Corporate's net loss was $85 million compared to a net loss of $11 million for the same
period last year. The base loss of $68 million increased by $42 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to higher operating
expenses driven by higher variable compensation expenses and audit fees.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, items excluded from the base loss were negative $17 million compared to positive $15 million
for the same period last year, primarily due to unfavourable market experience relative to expectations.




                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     55
                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis            41

                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  41
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Consolidated Financial Position

                                  Assets
                                      Assets under administration1
                                                                                                                                          United                                       Capital and
                                                                                                                   Canada                 States                 Europe               Risk Solutions        Total
                                      As at December 31, 2023
                                      Assets
                                         Invested assets                                                      $           89,382      $        86,715      $           41,981         $        8,732   $         226,810
                                         Goodwill and intangible assets                                                    6,545                6,151                   3,037                     —               15,733
                                         Insurance contract assets                                                           400                  291                     331                    171               1,193
                                         Reinsurance contract held assets                                                  1,243               12,243                   3,713                    133              17,332
                                         Other assets                                                                      4,964               16,192                   3,531                     52              24,739
                                         Assets held for sale3                                                                —                 4,467                      —                      —                4,467
                                         Investments on account of segregated fund
                                            policyholders                                                               101,250              179,770                 141,936                      —              422,956
                                      Total assets                                                                      203,784              305,829                 194,529                   9,088             713,230
                                        Continuing operations - other assets under
                                          management2                                                                     13,056             143,997                   63,525                     —              220,578
                                        Discontinued operations - other assets under
                                           management2,4                                                                        —            161,566                         —                    —              161,566
                                      Total assets under management1                                                    216,840              611,392                 258,054                   9,088        1,095,374
                                        Other assets under administration2                                               55,635            1,689,455                  12,076                      —         1,757,166
                                      Total assets under administration1                                      $         272,475       $    2,300,847       $         270,130          $        9,088   $    2,852,540

                                      As at December 31, 2022 (Restated)




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Assets
                                         Invested assets                                                      $           85,343      $        90,655      $           38,652         $        8,573   $         223,223
                                         Goodwill and intangible assets                                                    5,789                7,973                   3,079                     —               16,841

PART B
                                         Insurance contract assets                                                           408                  245                     322                    165               1,140
                                         Reinsurance contract held assets                                                  1,211               12,624                   3,639                     97              17,571
                                         Other assets                                                                      3,682               18,430                   3,297                    140              25,549
                                         Investments on account of segregated fund
                                            policyholders                                                                 93,816             166,274                 127,792                      —              387,882
                                      Total assets                                                                      190,249              296,201                 176,781                   8,975             672,206
                                        Other assets under management2                                                     4,057             277,138                   50,539                     —              331,734
                                      Total assets under management1                                                    194,306              573,339                 227,320                   8,975        1,003,940
                                        Other assets under administration2                                               26,344            1,426,834                  11,345                      —         1,464,523
                                      Total assets under administration1                                      $         220,650       $    2,000,173       $         238,665          $        8,975   $    2,468,463

                                  1
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3
                                       On May 31, 2023, Lifeco announced an agreement to sell Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning Q2 2023, the related assets have been classified as assets held for
                                       sale. The transaction closed on January 1, 2024, subsequent to the fourth quarter of 2023.
                                  4
                                       Beginning Q4 2023, other assets under management related to Putnam Investments have been classified as discontinued operations - other assets under management.
                                  Total assets under administration (AUA) at December 31, 2023 increased by $0.4 trillion to $2.9 trillion compared to December 31, 2022,
                                  primarily due to the impacts of equity market movement, new business growth, and the acquisition of Value Partners and Investment Planning
                                  Counsel Inc. (IPC) in the Canada segment during 2023. These items were partially offset by the impact of currency movement in the U.S.
                                  segment.
                                  For additional details on assets acquired through business acquisitions, refer to "Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions", note 4 in the
                                  Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements.

                                  Invested Assets
                                  The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the Company's insurance and
                                  investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to
                                  concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and
                                  adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general
                                  fund are in medium-term and long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the
                                  Company’s liabilities.


                                  56      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis          42
                                           B  42                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Invested asset distribution
                                                                                                                       Capital and
                                                  Canada              United States                  Europe           Risk Solutions             Total
 As at December 31, 2023
 Bonds
    Government & related                     $           17,951      $             6,188       $          15,282      $          3,307     $        42,728                19 %
    Corporate & other                                    34,793                   60,430                  14,809                 4,291             114,323                50
    Sub-total bonds                                      52,744                   66,618                  30,091                 7,598             157,051                69
 Mortgages                                               16,744                   14,321                   6,707                   642              38,414                17
 Stocks                                                  13,140                    1,889                      704                    —               15,733               7
 Investment properties                                    5,543                       21                    2,306                    —                7,870               4
    Sub-total portfolio investments                      88,171                   82,849                  39,808                 8,240             219,068                97
 Cash and cash equivalents                                1,211                    3,866                   2,173                   492               7,742                 3
 Total invested assets                       $           89,382      $            86,715       $          41,981      $          8,732     $       226,810            100 %

 As at December 31, 2022 (Restated)
 Bonds
    Government & related                     $           19,824      $             4,795       $          14,207      $          4,011     $        42,837                19 %
    Corporate & other                                    29,918                   66,111                  13,507                 3,718             113,254                51
    Sub-total bonds                                      49,742                   70,906                  27,714                 7,729             156,091                70
 Mortgages                                               15,998                   14,760                    6,082                  357               37,197               17
 Stocks                                                  12,400                    1,395                      506                   —                14,301                6
 Investment properties                                    5,759                       33                    2,552                   —                 8,344                4
    Sub-total portfolio investments                      83,899                   87,094                  36,854                 8,086             215,933                97
 Cash and cash equivalents                                1,444                    3,561                   1,798                   487               7,290                 3




                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 Total invested assets                       $           85,343      $            90,655       $          38,652      $          8,573     $       223,223            100 %

At December 31, 2023, total invested assets were $226.8 billion, an increase of $3.6 billion from December 31, 2022. The increase in invested
assets was primarily due to an increase in the fair value of bonds resulting from a decrease in bond yields across all geographies as well as an

                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
increase in private equity investments due to purchases and market value increases. The distribution of assets has not changed significantly
and remains heavily weighted to bonds and mortgages.

Bond portfolio
It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment policies. Modest
investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline and conservative approach to the
investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $157.1 billion or 69% of invested assets at December 31,
2023 compared to $156.1 billion or 70% at December 31, 2022. The increase in the bond portfolio was primarily due to an increase in fair values
resulting from a decrease in bond yields across all geographies. The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 99% of the
portfolio rated investment grade and 70% rated A or higher.
Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to December 31, 2023. Management continues to closely monitor bond rating agency
activity and general market conditions.

Bond portfolio quality
                                                                                                                                           As at December 31, 2022
                                                                                               As at December 31, 2023                             (Restated)
    AAA                                                                                    $          24,298                  15 % $           25,397            16 %
    AA                                                                                                31,435                  20               31,614            20
    A                                                                                                 54,807                  35               53,864            35
    BBB                                                                                               44,811                  29               43,482            28
    BB or lower                                                                                        1,700                   1                 1,734             1
Total                                                                                      $         157,051                100 % $            156,091                100 %

At December 31, 2023, non-investment grade bonds were $1.7 billion or 1.1% of the bond portfolio which was comparable to values at
December 31, 2022.




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report        57
                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis            43

                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                B  43
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  The following table provides details of the carrying value of the bonds by issuer and industry sector:

                                                                                                                                                                                 As at December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                     As at December 31, 2023                            (Restated)
                                      Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
                                         Treasuries                                                                              $          14,853                   10 % $           14,570                10 %
                                         Government related                                                                                 26,626                   17               26,803                17
                                         Agency securitized                                                                                  1,249                    1                1,464                 1
                                         Non-agency securitized                                                                             17,178                   11               18,218                12
                                         Financials                                                                                         23,178                   15               23,449                15
                                         Communications                                                                                      3,669                    2                3,640                 2
                                         Consumer products                                                                                  17,296                   11               17,657                11
                                         Energy                                                                                              6,520                    4                6,526                 4
                                         Industrials                                                                                        11,781                    8               12,051                 8
                                         Technology                                                                                          5,127                    3                4,881                 3
                                         Transportation                                                                                      6,806                    4                6,063                 4
                                         Utilities                                                                                          22,768                   14               20,769                13
                                      Total                                                                                      $         157,051                 100 % $          156,091                 100 %

                                  At December 31, 2023, total bonds were $157.1 billion compared to $156.1 billion at December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to an
                                  increase in the utilities industry sector driven by new purchases and an increase in fair values resulting from a decrease in bond yields across all
                                  geographies.

                                  Mortgage portfolio
                                  It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and diversification criteria.
                                  The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit monitoring processes for commercial loans.
                                  The majority of the mortgages held in the Europe segment are classified as amortized cost and therefore there are no fair value movements
                                  recorded on these holdings. Equity release mortgages are originated in the Europe segment following well-defined lending criteria and held in




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  the Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments. Equity release mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue
                                  living in their homes while accessing some of the underlying equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the borrower dies or
                                  moves into long-term care.


PART B
                                                                                                                                                                             As at December 31, 2022
                                                                                                                 As at December 31, 2023                                             (Restated)
                                      Mortgage loans by type                              Insured1              Non-insured         Total                                     Total
                                        Single family residential                     $             328     $           1,183        $            1,511                 4% $       1,738           5%
                                        Multi-family residential                                  2,586                 6,786                     9,372                24          9,628          26
                                        Equity release                                               —                  4,203                     4,203                11          3,371           9
                                        Commercial                                                   —                 23,328                    23,328                61        22,460           60
                                      Total                                           $           2,914     $          35,500        $           38,414               100 % $          37,197               100 %

                                  1
                                       Insured mortgages include mortgages where insurance is provided by a third party and protects the Company in the event that the borrower is unable to fulfill their mortgage
                                       obligations.
                                  The total mortgage portfolio was $38.4 billion or 17% of invested assets at December 31, 2023, compared to $37.2 billion or 17% of invested
                                  assets at December 31, 2022. The increase in mortgages was primarily due to originations of commercial and equity release mortgages. At
                                  December 31, 2023, total insured loans were $2.9 billion or 8% of the mortgage portfolio, compared to $3.0 billion or 8% at December 31, 2022.




                                  58      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       44
                                          B  44                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


    Commercial mortgages
                                                                                         Canada                                                      Capital and
                                                                                                                                                        Risk
                                                                                  Par            Non-Par              U.S.           Europe           Solutions            Total
    As at December 31, 2023
    Retail & shopping centres                                               $          2,715 $            774 $            964 $            1,097 $               27 $          5,577
    Industrial                                                                         2,970            1,047            5,794                835                 69           10,715
    Office buildings                                                                   1,027             366             2,467              1,161                 29            5,050
    Other                                                                                 32              24             1,151                757                 22            1,986
    Total                                                                   $          6,744 $          2,211 $         10,376 $            3,850 $             147 $          23,328

    As at December 31, 2022 (Restated)
    Retail & shopping centres                                               $          2,578 $            857 $          1,087 $              945 $                2 $          5,469
    Industrial                                                                         2,823              549            5,430                696                 31            9,529
    Office buildings                                                                   1,167              410            2,632              1,143                 17            5,369
    Other                                                                                 33               29            1,335                696                 —             2,093
    Total                                                                   $          6,601 $          1,845 $         10,484 $            3,480 $               50 $         22,460


Throughout 2023, commercial real estate markets in Europe and North America showed signs of slowdown. In particular, the office markets are
experiencing dampened demand from a continued lag faced by employers on return-to-office plans, leading to higher vacancy rates and
deteriorating operating performance, driven as well by challenging economic and capital market conditions. This has resulted in certain
valuation reductions for the underlying office properties in 2023 reflecting the current outlook. The Company is monitoring and will work
proactively with borrowers to manage exposures. It is the Company's practice to acquire high-quality commercial mortgages meeting strict
underwriting standards and diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and
credit monitoring processes for commercial loans.

Expected credit losses




                                                                                                                                                                                            GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated as FVTPL and
equity securities designated as FVOCI. The Company measures ECL allowances at either 12-month for stage 1 performing financial assets or
lifetime ECL for stage 2 performing financial assets and stage 3 impaired financial assets. Refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B
Estimates" section of this document and in note 2 of the Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements for additional
details on ECL measurement and presentation. Carrying values of assets subject to ECL allowance and corresponding allowances for ECL are
shown below.

                                                                      As at December 31, 2023                                                  January 1, 2023
                                                             Performing                  Impaired                                Performing                Impaired
                                                                                                            Total                                                              Total
                                                          Stage 1       Stage 2             Stage 3                   Stage 1    Stage 2                    Stage 3
    Bonds at FVOCI                                    $     11,745 $              5     $         —     $     11,750 $ 12,698 $          3                $        —      $     12,701
    Allowance for credit loss                                   (3)               —               —               (3)        (3)        —                          —                (3)

    Mortgages at FVOCI                                         560                18              —               578             621               —                —               621
    Allowance for credit loss                                   —                 —               —                —               —                —                —                —

    Mortgages at amortized cost1                             4,087              328                7           4,422            3,818             341                —           4,159
    Allowance for credit loss                                   (1)             (29)              (4)            (34)              (1)            (32)               —             (33)

    Total assets subject to ECL1                      $     16,392 $            351 $              7 $        16,750 $        17,137 $            344 $              —    $     17,481
    Total allowance for credit loss                   $         (4) $           (29) $            (4) $          (37) $           (4) $           (32) $             —    $        (36)

1
    Includes the allowance for credit losses for mortgages at amortized cost.
At December 31, 2023, the total allowance for credit losses recognized was $37 million compared to $36 million at January 1, 2023. The increase
in total allowance for credit losses was primarily due to an impaired U.K. mortgage.




                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     59
                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis           45

                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              B  45
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Equity portfolio
                                  The total equity portfolio was $23.6 billion or 10% of invested assets at December 31, 2023 compared to $22.6 billion or 10% of invested assets at
                                  December 31, 2022. The equity portfolio consists of publicly traded stocks, privately held stocks and investment properties. The increase in
                                  publicly traded stocks of $0.2 billion and the increase in privately held stocks of $1.2 billion were primarily due to purchases and market value
                                  increases. The decrease in investment properties of $0.5 billion was mainly the result of market value declines.

                                                                                                                                                                                            As at Dec. 31, 2022
                                                                                                                                                     As at December 31, 2023                     (Restated)
                                      Equity portfolio by type
                                         Publicly traded stocks                                                                                  $         11,599                 49 % $         11,380            50 %
                                         Privately held stocks                                                                                              4,134                 18              2,921            13
                                         Sub-total                                                                                                         15,733                 67             14,301            63
                                          Investment properties                                                                                             7,870                 33              8,344            37
                                      Total                                                                                                      $         23,603               100 % $          22,645           100 %

                                      Investment properties1
                                                                                                                                  Canada
                                                                                                                          Par                Non-Par                   U.S.             Europe             Total
                                      As at December 31, 2023
                                      Industrial                                                               $                1,906 $                 271 $                    — $             847 $            3,024
                                      Office buildings                                                                            973                   159                      21              508              1,661
                                      Retail                                                                                      181                    24                      —               625                830
                                      Other                                                                                     1,555                   474                      —               326              2,355
                                      Total                                                                    $                4,615 $                 928 $                    21 $        2,306 $              7,870

                                      As at December 31, 2022 (Restated)
                                      Industrial                                                               $                2,033 $                 271 $                    — $             900 $            3,204




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Office buildings                                                                          1,084                   176                      25              564              1,849
                                      Retail                                                                                     194                      24                     —               765               983


PART B
                                      Other                                                                                     1,549                   428                       8              323              2,308
                                      Total                                                                    $                4,860 $                 899 $                    33 $        2,552 $              8,344

                                  1
                                        The Capital and Risk Solutions segment does not hold any investment properties.
                                  Throughout 2023, commercial real estate markets in Europe and North America showed signs of slowdown. In particular, the office markets are
                                  experiencing dampened demand from a continued lag faced by employers on return-to-office plans, leading to higher vacancy rates and
                                  deteriorating operating performance, driven as well by challenging economic and capital market conditions. This has resulted in certain
                                  valuation reductions in 2023 reflecting the current outlook for office properties. As market conditions evolve, the Company may be required to
                                  apply further valuation reductions.

                                  Derivative Financial Instruments
                                  During the fourth quarter of 2023, there were no major changes to the Company's policies and procedures with respect to the use of derivative
                                  financial instruments. The Company’s derivative transactions are generally governed by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association,
                                  Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement, which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out netting of exposure to specific counterparties in the
                                  event of an early termination of a transaction, which includes, but is not limited to, events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early
                                  termination, the Company is permitted to set off receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty, in the same legal
                                  entity, arising out of all included transactions. The Company’s ISDA Master Agreement may include Credit Support Annex provisions, which
                                  require both the pledging and accepting of collateral in connection with its derivative transactions.
                                  At December 31, 2023, total financial collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1.7 billion
                                  ($1.3 billion at December 31, 2022) and pledged on derivative liabilities was $773 million ($754 million at December 31, 2022). Collateral
                                  received on derivatives assets increased, primarily driven by the impact of the Canadian dollar strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-
                                  currency swaps that pay U.S. and receive Canadian dollars and initial margin requirements. Collateral pledged on derivatives liabilities
                                  increased in 2023, primarily driven by initial margin requirements.
                                  During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, the outstanding notional amount of derivative contracts increased by $5.3 billion to
                                  $51.9 billion, primarily due to increases in regular hedging activities.
                                  The Company’s exposure to derivative counterparty credit risk, which reflects the current fair value of those instruments in a gain position,
                                  decreased to $2.2 billion at December 31, 2023 from $2.3 billion at December 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily driven by the impact of the
                                  British pound and euro strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay British pounds and euros and receive U.S.
                                  dollars. There were no changes to derivative counterparty ratings during the fourth quarter of 2023 and all had investment grade ratings as of
                                  December 31, 2023.



                                  60       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       46
                                            B  46                                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Goodwill and Intangible Assets
                                                                                                                             As at December 31
                                                                                                                           2023             2022 (Restated)
 Goodwill                                                                                                            $         11,249      $        10,611
 Indefinite life intangible assets                                                                                              1,269                 2,882
 Finite life intangible assets                                                                                                  3,215                 3,348
Total                                                                                                                $         15,733      $             16,841

The Company's goodwill and intangible assets relate primarily to business acquisitions made by the Company. Goodwill and intangible assets
of $15.7 billion at December 31, 2023 decreased by $1.1 billion compared to December 31, 2022. Goodwill increased by $0.6 billion, primarily
due to acquisitions of IPC and Value Partners. Indefinite life intangible assets decreased by $1.6 billion and finite life intangible assets
decreased by $0.1 billion, primarily due to reclassification of Putnam Investments assets to held for sale.
IFRS principles require the Company to assess at the end of each reporting period whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired
and to perform an impairment test on goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets at least annually or more frequently if events indicate that
impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets that were previously impaired are reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal.
Finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually to determine if there are indications of impairment and assess whether the amortization
periods and methods are appropriate. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company conducted its annual impairment testing of goodwill and
intangible assets based on September 30, 2023 asset balances. It was determined that the recoverable amounts of cash generating unit (CGU)
groupings for goodwill and CGUs for intangible assets were in excess of their carrying values and there was no evidence of impairment.
Recoverable amount is based on fair value less cost of disposal.
Refer to note 9 in the Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements for further details of the Company's goodwill and
intangible assets. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this document for details on impairment testing of
these assets.

Other General Fund Assets
                                                                                                                             As at December 31




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                           2023             2022 (Restated)
 Other assets                                                                                                        $         14,483      $        15,949
 Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                               4,863                 4,355


                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
 Deferred tax assets                                                                                                            1,848                 1,470
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                                               2,219                 2,314
 Owner occupied properties                                                                                                        731                   724
 Fixed assets                                                                                                                     335                   399
 Current income taxes                                                                                                             260                   338
Total                                                                                                                $         24,739      $             25,549

Total other general fund assets at December 31, 2023 were $24.7 billion, a decrease of $0.8 billion from December 31, 2022. The decrease was
primarily due to a decrease of $1.5 billion in other assets driven by funds held under investments contracts in Empower, partially offset by an
increase of $0.5 billion in accounts and interest receivable and an increase of $0.4 billion in deferred tax assets.
Other assets comprise several items including prepaid expenses and accounts receivable. Refer to note 11 in the Company's December 31, 2023
annual consolidated financial statements for a breakdown of other assets.

Investments on Account of Segregated Policyholders
                                                                                                                            As at December 31
                                                                                                                          2023              2022 (Restated)
  Stock and units in unit trusts                                                                                 $            130,415      $       117,863
  Mutual funds                                                                                                                188,549              168,459
  Bonds                                                                                                                        72,111               69,371
  Investment properties                                                                                                        12,071               13,035
  Cash and other                                                                                                               11,718               10,607
  Mortgage loans                                                                                                                2,022                 2,159
 Sub-total                                                                                                       $            416,886      $       381,494
   Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                        6,070                 6,388
Total                                                                                                            $            422,956      $            387,882

Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders, which are measured at fair value, increased by $35.1 billion to $423.0 billion at
December 31, 2023 compared to December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to the combined impact of market value gains and
investment income of $47.4 billion related to net unrealized capital gains on investments, partially offset by net withdrawals of $8.5 billion and a
$2.7 billion portfolio transfer of segregated funds related to AIB Life.

                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    61
                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis        47

                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  47
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Liabilities

                                      Total Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                                                 As at December 31
                                                                                                                                                                          2023                      2022 (Restated)
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                                                                        $                       144,388   $               135,438
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                             648                          537
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                                88,919                       94,810
                                       Other general fund liabilities                                                                                                                 24,061                       24,744
                                       Liabilities held for sale1                                                                                                                      2,407                           —
                                       Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                                60,302                       57,841
                                       Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                              362,654                      330,041
                                      Total                                                                                                                  $                       683,379   $                  643,411
                                  1
                                      On May 31, 2023, Lifeco announced an agreement to sell Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning Q2 2023, the related liabilities have been classified as liabilities held for
                                      sale. The transaction closed on January 1, 2024, subsequent to the fourth quarter of 2023.

                                  Total liabilities increased by $40.0 billion to $683.4 billion at December 31, 2023 from December 31, 2022.
                                  Insurance contract liabilities increased by $9.0 billion. The increase was primarily due to market movements, partially offset by normal
                                  business movements.
                                  Investment contract liabilities decreased by $5.9 billion. The decrease was primarily due to normal business movements, partially offset by
                                  investment experience.
                                  Other general fund liabilities decreased by $0.7 billion. The decrease was primarily due to the repayment of €500 million senior bonds in the
                                  second quarter of 2023 and US$500 million of payments made against a short-term credit facility used to finance the Prudential acquisition.
                                  These items are partially offset by a increase of $0.7 billion of derivative collateral. $2.4 billion of Putnam Investments other liabilities were
                                  reclassified to liabilities held for sale.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Investment and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $35.1 billion, primarily due to the combined
                                  impact of market value gains and investment income of $47.4 billion, partially offset by net withdrawals of $8.5 billion, a $2.7 billion portfolio
                                  transfer of segregated funds related to AIB Life, and the negative impact of currency movement of $1.0 billion.


PART B
                                  Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and investment income, will
                                  be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance and investment contract liabilities are
                                  determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer
                                  to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this document for further details.




                                  62       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis              48
                                           B  48                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


    Assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities
                                                                                                      Non-Participating


                                               Participating                                                                                 Capital and
                                                 Account                   Canada               United States             Europe            Risk Solutions                 Total
    December 31, 2023
       Bonds                               $             27,651       $           21,408        $       53,381      $           25,738 $                 4,938      $         133,116
       Mortgage loans                                    13,008                    4,244                11,760                   6,707                     488                 36,207
       Stocks                                            10,081                    2,782                 1,301                     467                      —                  14,631
       Investment properties                              4,665                      644                    —                    2,113                      —                   7,422
       Other assets1                                        921                    5,809                30,571                   4,582                      48                 41,931
      Total                                $             56,326       $           34,887        $       97,013      $           39,607 $                 5,474      $         233,307
      Total insurance and
       investment contract
       liabilities                         $             56,326       $           34,887        $       97,013      $           39,607 $                 5,474      $         233,307

    December 31, 2022 (Restated)
       Bonds                     $                       24,979       $           20,610        $       60,783      $           23,512 $                 5,343      $         135,227
       Mortgage loans                                    12,608                    3,851                12,456                   6,082                     216                 35,213
       Stocks                                             9,377                    2,707                   873                     388                      —                  13,345
       Investment properties                              4,884                      685                    —                    2,345                      —                   7,914
       Other assets1                                        222                    4,713               29,535                    3,540                     539                 38,549
      Total                      $                       52,070       $           32,566        $     103,647       $           35,867 $                 6,098      $         230,248
      Total insurance and
       investment contract
       liabilities                         $             52,070       $           32,566        $     103,647       $           35,867 $                 6,098      $         230,248




                                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
1
     Other assets include reinsurance assets, premiums in the course of collection, interest due and accrued, other investment receivables, deferred acquisition costs, accounts receivable,
     current income taxes and prepaid expenses. Reinsurance assets include assets recognized as a result of the indemnity reinsurance agreement with Protective Life Insurance Company
     (Protective Life).



                                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
Asset and liability cash flows are matched within established limits to minimize the financial effects of a shift in interest rates and mitigate the
changes in the Company's financial position due to interest rate volatility.

Insurance Contract Liabilities
When significant insurance risk exists, the Company’s products are classified at contract inception as insurance contract liabilities in
accordance with IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17). Significant insurance risk exists when the Company agrees to compensate
policyholders or beneficiaries of the contract for specified uncertain future events that adversely affect the policyholder and whose amount and
timing is unknown. Refer to note 2 of the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2023 and the
"Risk Management" section of this document for a discussion of insurance risk.
Contracts with coverage periods of one year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows are
measured under the more simplified premium allocation approach (PAA). Low variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates that no significant
difference in measurement exists when compared to the general measurement model (GMM). All other contracts are measured under the
GMM or for those with direct participating features, the variable fee approach (VFA). Refer to note 2 of the Company’s annual consolidated
financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of IFRS 17 measurement models.
For contracts not measured under the PAA, the Company measures a group of insurance contracts as the total of the fulfilment cash flows,
which comprise estimates of future cash flows, adjusted to reflect the time value of money and the associated financial risks, and a risk
adjustment for non-financial risk; and the contractual service margin. Refer to note 2 of the Company’s annual consolidated financial
statements for the period ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of initial and subsequent measurement of insurance contract liabilities.




                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report       63
                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis               49

                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               B  49
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                      Insurance contract liabilities and assets1
                                                                                                       Insurance contracts not under PAA method
                                                                                           Estimates of               Risk                                                                                         Total net
                                                                                          present value          adjustment for                                                           Contracts               insurance
                                                                                          of future cash          non-financial  Contractual                                              under PAA                contract
                                                                                               flows                  risk      service margin                         Total               method                 liabilities
                                      As at December 31, 2023
                                      Canada                                            $            95,943 $                 1,935 $                  5,872 $             103,750 $                 9,267 $          113,017
                                      United States                                                  18,187                     136                      276                18,599                       1             18,600
                                      Europe                                                         40,615                   1,064                    4,718                46,397                   3,614             50,011
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                      1,029                   2,162                    1,769                 4,960                     225              5,185
                                      Total                                             $           155,774 $                 5,297 $               12,635 $               173,706 $                13,107 $          186,813

                                      As at December 31, 2022
                                      Canada                                            $            89,107 $                 1,824 $                  6,518 $              97,449 $                 8,689 $          106,138
                                      United States                                                  17,626                     151                      622                18,399                      —              18,399
                                      Europe                                                         36,078                   1,076                    4,162                41,316                   3,493             44,809
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                      1,706                   2,009                    1,821                 5,536                     223              5,759
                                      Total                                             $           144,517 $                 5,060 $               13,123 $               162,700 $                12,405 $          175,105

                                  1
                                       Insurance contract liabilities and assets presented in the above tables also include insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders and reinsurance held assets and
                                       liabilities.
                                  At December 31, 2023, total net insurance contract liabilities were $186.8 billion, an increase of $11.7 billion from December 31, 2022. The
                                  increase in net insurance contract liabilities was primarily due to market movements, partially offset by normal business movements.

                                  Contractual Service Margin (CSM)
                                  The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfilment cash flows, any
                                  derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, then the group is classified as
                                  non-onerous. For non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income
                                  or expenses arising on initial recognition.

PART B
                                  If the total is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is recognized as a loss in the current
                                  period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current period, which determines the amounts that are subsequently
                                  recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.

                                      Contractual service margin (CSM) continuity1
                                                                                        Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                   Capital and
                                                                                                  United                              Risk
                                                                                Canada            States             Europe         Solutions               Total           Seg Funds                Par              Total
                                      CSM beginning of period,              $       1,264     $           41     $       2,771     $         1,796      $       5,872       $          3,557    $      3,694      $     13,123
                                      December 31, 2022
                                        Impact of new insurance                         41                 —               284                   49                374                  181                111             666
                                        business
                                        Expected movements from
                                          asset returns & locked-in                     37                 —                 49                  37                123                  282                201             606
                                          rates
                                        CSM recognized for services                  (143)                 (4)            (234)                (154)              (535)                 (430)           (157)           (1,122)
                                          provided
                                        Insurance experience gains/                    (61)              (12)                18                 (41)                (96)                (140)               —              (236)
                                           losses
                                      Organic CSM movement                  $        (126) $             (16) $            117     $           (109) $            (134) $               (107) $            155    $           (86)
                                        Impact of markets                               —                  —                 —                    —                  —                  240             (410)              (170)
                                        Impact of changes in
                                        assumptions and                                 21                 —               307                   41                369                  (403)           (281)              (315)
                                        management actions
                                        Currency impact                                 —                  (1)               60                  17                  76                  11                 (4)                 83
                                      Total CSM movement                    $        (105) $             (17) $            484     $            (51) $             311      $           (259) $         (540) $            (488)
                                      CSM end of period,                    $       1,159     $           24     $       3,255     $         1,745      $       6,183       $          3,298    $      3,154      $     12,635
                                      December 31, 2023

                                  1
                                       The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract liabilities.


                                  64      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis                   50
                                           B  50                                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


At December 31, 2023, total contractual service margin on non-participating business excluding segregated funds was $6.2 billion, an increase
of $311 million from December 31, 2022. The increase was mainly driven by assumption changes and management actions of $369 million,
which includes a $239 million increase from prior quarters and a $126 million increase resulting from reinsurance transactions on in-force
business executed in the fourth quarter. Other impacts include currency impacts of $76 million and negative organic contractual service margin
growth of $134 million. Included in assumption changes and management actions is a $73 million reclassification of contractual service margin
between segregated funds and non-participating products excluding segregated funds.
At December 31, 2023, total contractual service margin was $12.6 billion, a decrease of $488 million from December 31, 2022. The decrease was
mainly driven by the impacts of assumption changes and management actions, net market impacts and negative organic contractual service
margin growth. Included within the assumption changes and management actions are current quarter impacts of the reinsurance of a block of
U.S. segregated fund business to a third party which reduced the contractual service margin by $289 million and annual updates and model
refinements on participating business which reduced the contractual service margin by $281 million, offset by assumption changes and
management actions on non-participating business excluding segregated funds of $369 million as discussed above.
Further detail on the assumption changes and management actions on non-participating business is provided in the section "Assumption
Changes and Management Actions".

Other General Fund Liabilities
                                                                                                                            As at December 31
                                                                                                                          2023             2022 (Restated)
 Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                            $              9,046    $        10,509
 Other liabilities                                                                                                               9,587               8,913
 Accounts payable                                                                                                                3,216               2,758
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                          787                 773
 Derivative financial instruments                                                                                              1,288                    1,639
 Current income taxes                                                                                                            137                      152
Total                                                                                                             $           24,061      $            24,744




                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total other general fund liabilities at December 31, 2023 were $24.1 billion, a decrease of $0.7 billion from December 31, 2022. The decrease
was primarily due to a decrease of $1.5 billion in debentures and other debt instruments and a decrease of $0.4 billion in derivative financial
instruments, partially offset by an increase of $0.7 billion in other liabilities and an increase of $0.5 billion in accounts payable.

                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
Other liabilities of $9.6 billion include pension and other post-employment benefits, lease liabilities, deferred income reserve, bank overdraft
and other liability balances. Refer to note 20 in the Company’s December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements for a breakdown of
the other liabilities balance and note 18 in the Company’s December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements for details of the
debentures and other debt instruments.

Segregated Fund and Variable Annuity Guarantees
The Company offers retail segregated fund products, unitized with profits (UWP) products and variable annuity products that provide for
certain guarantees tied to the market values of the investment funds.
In Canada, the Company offers individual segregated fund products through Canada Life. These products provide guaranteed minimum death
benefits (GMDB) and guaranteed minimum accumulation on maturity benefits (GMAB).
In the U.S., the Company has a mix of open and closed blocks of group variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
(GMWB) and a closed block of group standalone GMDB products which mainly provide return of premium on death. During the fourth quarter
of 2023, the Company ceded a block of GMWB business in the U.S. to a third party.
In Europe, the Company offers UWP products, which are similar to segregated fund products but include minimum credited interest rates and
pooling of policyholders' funds, as well as a GMWB product in Germany.
The GMWB products offered by the Company in the U.S. and Germany, and previously offered in Canada and Ireland, provide the policyholder
with a guaranteed minimum level of annual income for life. The minimum level of income may increase depending upon the level of growth in
the market value of the policyholder's funds. Where the market value of the policyholder's funds is ultimately insufficient to meet the level of
guarantee purchased by the policyholder, the Company is obligated to make up the shortfall.
Capital and Risk Solutions has a closed portfolio of GMAB and guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB) that it has reinsured from other
U.S. life insurance and reinsurance companies.
These products involve cash flows of which the magnitude and timing are uncertain and are dependent on the level of equity and fixed-income
market returns, interest rates, currency markets, market volatility, policyholder behaviour and policyholder longevity.
The Company has a hedging program in place to manage a portion of the market and interest rate risk associated with options embedded in its
GMWB products. The program methodology quantifies both the embedded option value and its sensitivity to movements in equity markets,
currency markets and interest rates. Equity derivative instruments, currency derivative instruments and interest rate derivative instruments are
used to mitigate changes in the embedded option value attributable to movements in equity markets, currency markets and interest rates
respectively. The hedging program, by its nature, requires continuous monitoring and rebalancing to avoid over or under hedged positions.
Periods of heightened market volatility will increase the frequency of hedge rebalancing.

                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   65
                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       51

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  51
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  By their nature, certain risks associated with the GMWB product either cannot be hedged or cannot be hedged on a cost-effective basis. These
                                  risks include policyholder behaviour, policyholder longevity, basis risk and market volatility. Consequently, the hedging program will not
                                  mitigate all risks to the Company associated with the GMWB products and may expose the Company to additional risks including the
                                  operational risk associated with the reliance upon sophisticated models, and counterparty credit risk associated with the use of derivative
                                  instruments.
                                  Other risk management processes are in place aimed at appropriately limiting the Company’s exposure to the risks it is not hedging or are
                                  otherwise inherent in its GMWB hedging program. In particular, the GMWB product has been designed with specific regard to limiting
                                  policyholder anti-selection, and the array of investment funds available to policyholders has been determined with a view to minimizing
                                  underlying basis risk.
                                  Certain GMWB products offered by the Company offer levels of death and maturity guarantees. At December 31, 2023, the amount of GMWB
                                  product in-force in Canada, the U.S., Ireland and Germany was $7,343 million ($7,033 million at December 31, 2022).

                                      Segregated fund and variable annuity guarantee exposure
                                                                                                                                                   December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                  Investment deficiency by benefit type
                                                                                                           Market Value           Income                Maturity          Death                            Total1
                                      Canada                                                           $          33,255 $                      1 $                     7 $                  55 $                    55
                                      United States                                                               21,327                       57                       —                     5                      62
                                      Europe                                                                      11,761                       15                       —                 1,264                   1,264
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions2                                                    669                     130                        —                    —                      130
                                      Total                                                            $          67,012 $                   203 $                      7 $               1,324 $                 1,511

                                  1
                                       A policy can only receive a payout from one of the three trigger events (income election, maturity or death). Total deficiency measures the point-in-time exposure assuming the most
                                       costly trigger event for each policy occurred on December 31, 2023.
                                  2
                                       Capital and Risk Solutions exposure is to markets in the U.S.

                                  Investment deficiency at December 31, 2023 decreased by $1,182 million to $1,511 million compared to December 31, 2022, primarily as a result
                                  of the Company ceding a block of GMWB business in the U.S. segment to a third party and an increase in market values. The investment




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  deficiency measures the point-in-time exposure to a trigger event (i.e., income election, maturity or death) assuming it occurred on
                                  December 31, 2023 and does not include the impact of the Company's hedging program for GMWB products. The actual cost to the Company
                                  will depend on the trigger event having occurred and the market values at that time. The actual claims before tax associated with these


PART B
                                  guarantees were $4 million in-quarter ($4 million for the fourth quarter of 2022), with the majority arising in the Capital and Risk Solutions
                                  segment related to a legacy block of business.
                                  Lifeco Capital Structure
                                  In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, management utilizes a
                                  variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital needs of the Company.

                                  Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
                                  At December 31, 2023, debentures and other debt instruments decreased by $1,463 million to $9,046 million compared to December 31, 2022.
                                  On April 18, 2023, the Company repaid the principal amount of its maturing 2.50% €500 million senior bonds, together with accrued interest
                                  that it had pre-funded with the issuance of €500 million senior 4.7% euro bonds on November 16, 2022.
                                  Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, made payments on its non-revolving credit facility of U.S. $150 million on March 31,
                                  2023, U.S. $150 million on June 30, 2023, U.S. $100 million on September 29, 2023 and U.S. $100 million on December 29, 2023. The remaining
                                  drawn balance was nil as at December 31, 2023.
                                  Refer to note 18 in the Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements for further details of the Company's debentures
                                  and other debt instruments.

                                  Capital Trust Securities
                                  At December 31, 2023, the Company had $150 million principal outstanding of Canada Life Capital Trust Securities – Series B (CLiCS – Series B).
                                  Included in the Company's invested assets at December 31, 2023 were CLiCS – Series B with a fair value of $44 million and principal value of $37
                                  million (fair value of $44 million at December 31, 2022).
                                  Each holder of the CLiCS – Series B is entitled to receive a semi-annual non-cumulative fixed cash distribution of $37.645 per CLiCS – Series B,
                                  representing an annual yield of 7.529% payable out of Canada Life Capital Trust's (CLCT) distributable funds. Subject to regulatory approval,
                                  CLCT may redeem the CLiCS – Series B, in whole or in part, at any time and the CLiCS – Series B are callable at par on June 30, 2032.

                                  Equity
                                  Share capital outstanding at December 31, 2023 was $10.22 billion, which comprises $6 billion of common shares and $2.72 billion of preferred
                                  shares and $1.5 billion Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares included $2,470 million of non-cumulative First
                                  Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares.




                                  66      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis             52
                                           B  52                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Common shares
At December 31, 2023, the Company had 932,427,987 common shares outstanding with a stated value of $6 billion compared to 931,853,110
common shares with a stated value of $5.791 billion at December 31, 2022.
The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 29, 2024 for one year to purchase and cancel up to 20,000,000 of its
common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the Company's Stock Option Plan and for
other capital management purposes. Effective March 1, 2023, the Company entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP). The ASPP
is intended to facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB, including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be
permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. All purchases of common shares made under the
ASPP are included in determining the number of common shares purchased under the NCIB. Any common shares purchased by the
Corporation pursuant to the NCIB will be cancelled.
During the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 6,000,000 common shares under
the current NCIB at an average cost per share of $38.77.

Preferred shares
At December 31, 2023, the Company had 11 series of fixed rate First Preferred Shares and 1 series of 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares
outstanding with aggregate stated values of $2,470 million and $250 million, respectively.
The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are set out in the table below:

                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                              Series G                 Series H                     Series I             Series L                 Series M                Series N
 General Type                Fixed Rate               Fixed Rate                   Fixed Rate           Fixed Rate                Fixed Rate         5-Year Rate Reset
 Cumulative/Non-          Non-cumulative          Non-cumulative             Non-cumulative          Non-cumulative          Non-cumulative          Non-cumulative
 Cumulative
 Date Issued                Sep 14, 2004           Aug 12, 2005               Apr 12, 2006             Oct 2, 2009             Mar 4, 2010            Nov 23, 2010
 Shares Outstanding          12,000,000             12,000,000                 12,000,000              6,800,000                6,000,000              10,000,000
 Amount Outstanding        $300,000,000            $300,000,000               $300,000,000            $170,000,000            $150,000,000            $250,000,000
 (Par)




                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 Yield                         5.20%                    4.85%                       4.50%                 5.65%                    5.80%                   1.749%
 Earliest Issuer            Dec 31, 2009            Sep 30, 2010               Jun 30, 2011           Dec 31, 2014            Mar 31, 2015             Dec 31, 2020
 Redemption Date


                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B
                              Series P                 Series Q                    Series R              Series S                 Series T                Series Y
 General Type                Fixed Rate               Fixed Rate                   Fixed Rate           Fixed Rate                Fixed Rate              Fixed Rate
 Cumulative/Non-          Non-cumulative          Non-cumulative             Non-cumulative          Non-cumulative          Non-cumulative          Non-cumulative
 Cumulative
 Date Issued                Feb 22, 2012             Jul 6, 2012               Oct 11, 2012           May 22, 2014            May 18, 2017             Oct 8, 2021
 Shares Outstanding         10,000,000                8,000,000                    8,000,000            8,000,000                 8,000,000               8,000,000
 Amount Outstanding
 (Par)                     $250,000,000            $200,000,000               $200,000,000            $200,000,000            $200,000,000            $200,000,000

 Yield                         5.40%                    5.15%                       4.80%                 5.25%                    5.15%                   4.50%
 Earliest Issuer          March 31, 2017            Sep 30, 2017              Dec 31, 2017             Jun 30, 2019           Jun 30, 2022             Dec 31, 2026
 Redemption Date

The terms and conditions of the First Preferred Shares do not allow the holder to convert to common shares of the Company or to otherwise
cause the Company to redeem the shares. Preferred shares issued by the Company are commonly referred to as perpetual and represent a form
of financing that does not have a fixed term.

Non-Controlling Interests
The Company's non-controlling interests include participating account surplus in subsidiaries and non-controlling interests in subsidiaries.
Refer to note 21 in the Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements for further details.

                                                                                                                                        As at December 31
                                                                                                                                      2023        2022 (Restated)
 Participating account surplus in subsidiaries:
   Canada Life                                                                                                                $              2,844    $            2,733
   Empower                                                                                                                                       3                     1
                                                                                                                              $              2,847    $            2,734

 Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                    $                168    $                152

At December 31, 2023, the carrying value of non-controlling interests increased by $129 million to $3,015 million compared to December 31,
2022. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, net earnings attributable to participating account before policyholder dividends were
$1,841 million and policyholder dividends were $1,818 million.

                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     67
                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis         53

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  53
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Liquidity and Capital Management

                                  Liquidity
                                      Total Liquid Assets

                                                                                                                                          On-balance sheet                 Non-liquid/
                                                                                                                                               assets                       Pledged             Net liquid assets
                                      As at December 31, 2023
                                      Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
                                        Cash and cash equivalents1                                                                        $                7,742      $                    12   $             7,730
                                        Short-term bonds2                                                                                                  5,876                           —                  5,876
                                        Sub-total                                                                                         $               13,618       $                   12   $            13,606

                                      Other assets and marketable securities
                                        Government bonds2                                                                                 $              38,369       $            10,639       $            27,730
                                        Corporate bonds2                                                                                                112,806                    53,800                    59,006
                                        Stocks1                                                                                                          15,733                     4,134                    11,599
                                        Mortgage loans1                                                                                                  38,414                    35,500                     2,914
                                        Sub-total                                                                                         $             205,322        $          104,073       $           101,249

                                      Total                                                                                               $             218,940        $          104,085       $           114,855

                                      As at December 31, 2022 (Restated)
                                      Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
                                        Cash and cash equivalents1                                                                        $                7,290      $                 83      $             7,207
                                        Short-term bonds2                                                                                                  4,241                        30                    4,211




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Sub-total                                                                                         $               11,531       $               113      $            11,418

                                      Other assets and marketable securities


PART B
                                        Government bonds2                                                                                 $              40,152       $            10,607       $            29,545
                                        Corporate bonds2                                                                                                111,698                    52,969                    58,729
                                        Stocks1                                                                                                          14,301                     2,921                    11,380
                                        Mortgage loans1                                                                                                  37,197                    34,210                     2,987
                                        Sub-total                                                                                         $             203,348        $          100,707       $           102,641

                                      Total                                                                                               $             214,879        $          100,820       $           114,059

                                  1
                                       Refer to the consolidated balance sheet in the Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements for on-balance sheet amounts.
                                  2
                                       Total short-term bonds, government bonds and corporate bonds as at December 31, 2023 was $157.1 billion ($156.1 billion at December 31, 2022). Refer to the consolidated balance
                                       sheet in the Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements for on-balance sheet bonds amounts.
                                  The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and maintaining levels
                                  of liquid investments adequate to meet anticipated liquidity needs. The Company holds cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds at the
                                  Lifeco holding company level and with the Lifeco consolidated subsidiary companies. At December 31, 2023, the Company and its operating
                                  subsidiaries held liquid cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds of $13.6 billion ($11.4 billion at December 31, 2022) and other liquid assets
                                  and marketable securities of $101.2 billion ($102.6 billion at December 31, 2022). Included in the cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
                                  at December 31, 2023 was $0.5 billion ($1.0 billion at December 31, 2022) held at the Lifeco holding company level which includes cash at
                                  Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, the Company's U.S. holding company. In addition, the Company maintains committed lines of credit with
                                  Canadian chartered banks for potential unanticipated liquidity needs, if required. Refer to note 7(b) in the Company’s December 31, 2023
                                  annual consolidated financial statements for additional detail.
                                  The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout ratio range of
                                  45% to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares of the Company are declared
                                  and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company. The decision to declare a dividend on the common shares of the
                                  Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of capital and availability of cash resources.
                                  As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the Company
                                  receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation in a number of
                                  jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in connection with the different
                                  businesses carried on by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators in any jurisdiction may change from time to
                                  time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Company. In 2023, the Company's main operating
                                  subsidiaries made cash payments to the holding company in the form of dividends in the amount of $3.5 billion ($2.1 billion in 2022).




                                  68      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis           54
                                              B  54                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms; and by maintaining a high quality, diversified
investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal and stress conditions. Refer to the
"Liquidity Risk" section of this document for additional information.

Cash Flows
    Cash flows
                                                                                                  For the three months ended                    For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                          December 31                                    December 31
                                                                                                    2023            2022 (Restated)                2023             2022 (Restated)
    Cash flows relating to the following activities:
    Operations1                                                                               $            2,118    $           (1,372) $                 5,203    $             3,772
    Financing                                                                                               (598)                   35                  (3,550)                      (620)
    Investment1                                                                                             (655)                   (22)                   (786)                (2,218)
                                                                                                            865                 (1,359)                    867                       934
    Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                        (74)                   13                      (40)                     281
    Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period                                          791                 (1,346)                    827                   1,215
    Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                         7,326                 8,636                    7,290                  6,075
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued
      operations, end of period                                                               $            8,117    $            7,290      $             8,117    $             7,290
    Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of
      period2                                                                                               375                      —                     375                         —
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of
      period                                                     $                                         7,742    $            7,290      $             7,742    $             7,290

1
     The cash flows related to the sales, maturities, repayments and purchases of portfolio investments have been reclassified to the Operations section to align with the Company’s
     practice of managing the matching of general fund assets with insurance and investment contract liabilities. This activity had previously been presented in the Investment Activities
     section.




                                                                                                                                                                                             GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
2
     On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton. Beginning in Q2 2023, the cash flows related to the discontinued operations have been
     presented separately.
The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including insurance revenue,
net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder dividends and claims, as well as

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the statement of cash flows also includes transfers and withdrawals by
clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for cash. Cash flows generated by operations are mainly invested to support future liability
cash requirements. Cash flows related to financing activities include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated
dividends and interest payments.
In the fourth quarter of 2023, cash and cash equivalents increased by $791 million from September 30, 2023. Cash flows provided by operations
during the fourth quarter of 2023 were $2,118 million, a increase of $3,490 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily due to net
sales of portfolio investments compared to net investments in the prior year. Cash flows used by financing activities of $598 million were
primarily used for payment of dividends to common and preferred shareholders and repayment of a line of credit of a subsidiary. Cash flows
from investment activities were $655 million primarily used for business acquisitions.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents increased by $827 million from December 31, 2022. Cash flows
provided by operations were $5,203 million, an increase of $1,431 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the same
reason discussed for the in-quarter results partially offset by less favourable fair value changes compared to the prior year. Cash flows used by
financing activities of $3,550 million were primarily used for the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results as well as the repayment of
the principal amount of the Company's maturing 2.5% €500 million senior bonds. Cash flows from investment activities were $786 million
primarily used for the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.




                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     69
                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis            55

                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               B  55
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                  In the normal course of business the Company enters into contracts that give rise to commitments of future minimum payments that impact
                                  short-term and long-term liquidity. The following summarizes the principal repayment schedule for certain of the Company’s financial
                                  liabilities. The table below does not include commitments of insurance and investment contract liabilities. Refer to the "Market and Liquidity
                                  Risk" section of this document for additional information regarding insurance and investment contract liabilities.

                                                                                                                                               Payments due by period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Over
                                  As at December 31, 2023                                           Total             1 year            2 years             3 years           4 years          5 years          5 years
                                   1)    Debentures and other debt instruments $      8,759 $          — $                                       665 $              730 $             532 $           999 $           5,833
                                   2)    Lease obligations                              423            61                                         51                 49                47              40               175
                                   3)    Purchase obligations                         1,134           305                                        227                176               121               54              251
                                   4)    Credit-related arrangements
                                         (a) Contractual commitments                  6,411         6,327                                         61                 15                    1             —                 7
                                         (b) Letters of credit                  see note 4(b) below
                                   5)    Pension contributions                          225           225                                          —                  —                    —             —                —
                                   Total contractual obligations               $     16,952 $       6,918 $                                   1,004 $               970 $             701 $         1,093 $           6,266

                                  1) Refer to note 18 in the Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements. Excluded from debentures and other debt instruments are unamortized transaction
                                     costs.
                                  2) For a further description of the Company's lease obligations, refer to note 20 in the Company's December 31, 2023 annual consolidated financial statements.
                                  3) Purchase obligations are commitments to acquire goods and services, essentially related to information services.
                                  4) (a) Contractual commitments are essentially commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations in accordance with policies and guidelines that are to
                                          be disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions.
                                       (b) Letters of credit (LC) are written commitments provided by a bank. The total amount of LC facilities is US$1,920 million of which US$1,111 million were issued as of December 31,
                                            2023.
                                           The Reinsurance business unit periodically uses LC as collateral under certain reinsurance contracts for on-balance sheet policy liabilities.
                                           The Company may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing LCs on maturity.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                           A total of US$828 million has been issued to subsidiaries or branches of Canada Life and the additional US$70 million has been issued to Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance
                                           Company of South Carolina.
                                           The remaining US$213 million has been issued to external parties. Clients residing in the United States are required pursuant to their insurance regulations to obtain LCs issued



PART B
                                           on the Company’s behalf from approved banks in order to further secure the Company’s obligations under certain reinsurance contracts.
                                  5) Pension contributions include funding estimates for defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution pension plans and other post-employment plans. These contributions are
                                     subject to change, as contribution decisions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements and management’s ability to change funding policy.
                                     Funding estimates beyond 2024 are excluded due to the significant variability in the assumptions required to project the timing of future contributions.


                                  Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  The Board of Directors reviews and approves an annual capital plan as well as capital transactions undertaken by management pursuant to the
                                  plan. The capital plan is designed to ensure that the Company maintains adequate capital, taking into account the Company's strategy, risk
                                  profile and business plans. The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.
                                  Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan. In addition to
                                  undertaking capital transactions, the Company uses and provides traditional and structured reinsurance to support capital and risk
                                  management.
                                  At the holding company level, the Company monitors the amount of consolidated capital available and the amounts deployed in its various
                                  operating subsidiaries. The amount of capital deployed in any particular company or country is dependent upon local regulatory requirements
                                  as well as the Company’s internal assessment of capital requirements in the context of its operational risks and requirements and strategic
                                  plans. The Company’s practice is to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant
                                  minimum regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate. The capitalization decisions of the Company and its
                                  operating subsidiaries also give consideration to the impact such actions may have on the opinions expressed by various credit rating agencies
                                  that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company.
                                  In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance
                                  Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The LICAT Ratio is calculated in
                                  accordance with the 2023 OSFI Guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test.
                                  The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is calibrated so that a life
                                  insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The LICAT guideline uses a risk-based
                                  approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.
                                  OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. Lifeco's major Canadian
                                  operating subsidiary, Canada Life, is operating well above these supervisory ratios.
                                  Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio at December 31, 2023 was 128%. The LICAT Ratio does not take into account any impact from $0.5
                                  billion of liquidity at the Lifeco holding company level at December 31, 2023 ($0.5 billion at September 30, 2023).



                                  70      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis              56
                                           B  56                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:

    LICAT Ratio
                                                                                                                               Dec. 31              Sept. 30         Dec. 31 2022
                                                                                                                                2023                 2023             (Restated)
     Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                       $        18,285      $      18,520
     Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                 5,223              5,292
     Total Available Capital                                                                                                       23,508             23,812
     Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                          5,406              4,793
    Total Capital Resources                                                                                               $        28,914      $       28,605

    Required Capital                                                                                                      $        22,525      $       22,364

    Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)1                                                                                    128 %                 128 %
    Proforma IFRS 17 Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)1,2                                                                                                           130 %
1
     Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)
2
     Proforma estimates of the Canada Life consolidated LICAT ratio are estimated based on the retrospective application of the 2023 LICAT Guideline to 2022 financial results which have
     been restated to reflect the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9. Proforma LICAT ratios are intended only to provide an estimate of the direction and magnitude of the impact of adopting
     the 2023 LICAT Guideline under IFRS 17. Refer to the Cautionary Notes at the beginning of this document for additional information on the use of proforma estimates

The LICAT Ratio at December 31, 2023 remained stable with the prior quarter result at 128%. The acquisition of IPC in Canada reduced the
ratio by approximately three points which was offset by market impacts and business activity in the quarter which included reinsurance of an
inforce U.K. annuity portfolio, which added approximately two points.
Empower, Lifeco’s regulated U.S. operating company, has established an internal target Risk-Based Capital (RBC) ratio of 400-425% of the
Company Action Level set by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, based upon an assessment of the risks within its businesses
as well as business needs to support future growth. Accordingly, Empower’s target RBC ratio may change as future risks and business needs
change. Empower reports its RBC ratio annually to U.S. Insurance Regulators. The RBC ratio is included for information only and is not
intended as a means to rank insurers generally or for any other purposes. At December 31, 2023 Empower’s RBC ratio is estimated to be in




                                                                                                                                                                                            GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
excess of 450%.
LICAT Interest Rate Scenario Shift


                                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B
There was no new shift in the interest rate scenario applied in the LICAT calculation this quarter. Previous interest rate scenario shifts have now
been fully smoothed into the Canada Life LICAT result.

LICAT Sensitivities
Caution Related to Sensitivities
This section includes estimates of Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio sensitivities for certain risks. Actual results can differ significantly from
these estimates for a variety of reasons including:
•       Assessment of the circumstances that led to the scenario may lead to changes in (re)investment approaches and interest rate scenarios
        considered;
•       Changes in actuarial, investment return and future investment activity assumptions;
•       Actual experience differing from the assumptions;
•       Changes in business mix, effective income tax rates and other market factors;
•       Interactions among these factors and assumptions when more than one changes; and
•       The general limitations of the Company's internal models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given
the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio
will be as indicated.
LICAT sensitivities are rounded to the nearest point and have been prepared on an IFRS 17 basis under the LICAT 2023 OSFI Guideline.




                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report      71
                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis             57

                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              B  57
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Publicly Traded Common Stocks
                                  The following table sets out the estimated immediate impact to Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio of certain changes in publicly traded
                                  common stock values as at December 31, 2023. These sensitivity estimates assume instantaneous shocks. The sensitivity estimates relate to
                                  publicly traded common stocks and do not cover other non-fixed income assets. These estimates are illustrative as actual equity exposures may
                                  vary due to active management of the public stock portfolios.

                                  Immediate change in publicly traded common stock values                                                        December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                    10%             20%
                                                                                                                    20% increase 10% increase                     decrease        decrease
                                  Potential change to LICAT Ratio                                                        0 point              0 point               0 point        (1 point)

                                  Other Non-Fixed Income
                                  The following table sets out the estimated immediate impact to Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio of certain changes in the value of real
                                  estate and private equity investments as at December 31, 2023. These sensitivity estimates assume instantaneous shocks. These estimates are
                                  illustrative as actual exposures may vary due to active management of these investment holdings.

                                  Immediate change in other non-fixed income                                                                                     December 31, 2023

                                                                                                                                                         10% increase         10% decrease
                                  Potential change to LICAT Ratio                                                                                             1 point            (1 point)

                                  Interest Rates
                                  Canada Life's consolidated LICAT Ratio will generally reduce in an environment of rising interest rates and benefit from declining rates. Higher
                                  interest rates will decrease the value of the Company’s surplus assets and the value of the provision for non-financial risk included in the
                                  Surplus Allowance. These reductions will be partially offset by increased earnings that result from higher interest rates due to the Company's
                                  ALM strategies that seek to reduce LICAT interest rate sensitivity. While the value of capital resources reduce as interest rates rise, the LICAT
                                  Guideline uses static interest rates for the calculation of insurance risk capital requirements, and hence these capital requirements do not




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  change with interest rate movements. This means that while rising interest rates are generally favourable for the Company, they will lead to a
                                  decrease in the calculated LICAT ratio.
                                  The sensitivity estimates shown here are illustrative. The impacts shown are based on a parallel shift in the interest rate yield curve across all

PART B
                                  geographies. Actual movement in credit spreads or government treasury rates may produce different movements in Canada Life's consolidated
                                  LICAT Ratio. Sensitivity to interest rates is dependent on many factors and may result in non-linear impacts to the LICAT Ratio. These
                                  sensitivities do not include a change in the ultimate interest rate or the impact of a LICAT interest rate risk scenario shift.

                                  Immediate parallel shift in yield curve                                                                                        December 31, 2023

                                                                                                                                                       50 bps increase        50 bps decrease
                                  Potential change to LICAT Ratio                                                                                             0 point             0 point

                                  OSFI Regulatory Capital Initiatives
                                  OSFI is developing a new approach, planned to be implemented in 2025, to determine capital requirements for Segregated Fund Guarantee
                                  Risk. The Company will continue to participate in future public consultations relating to this and other developments.




                                  72   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis          58
                                       B  58                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Return on Equity (ROE)1
                                                                                                                                 Dec. 31                Sept. 30            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                  2023                   2023            2022 (Restated)
    Base Return on Equity2 by Segment
      Canada                                                                                                                            16.9 %                16.5 %                 17.3 %
      United States3                                                                                                                    11.6 %                11.4 %                  9.5 %
      Europe                                                                                                                            16.7 %                17.3 %                 17.3 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                        49.5 %                44.7 %                 42.9 %
    Total Lifeco Base Earnings Basis2                                                                                                   16.6 %                16.4 %                 15.8 %

    Return on Equity1 by Segment - Continuing Operations
      Canada                                                                                                                            14.0 %                16.9 %                 21.2 %
      United States                                                                                                                      7.4 %                 7.1 %                  5.5 %
      Europe                                                                                                                             8.2 %                 3.0 %                 24.6 %
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                        52.0 %                37.5 %                 38.9 %
    Total Lifeco Net Earnings - Continuing Operations Basis1                                                                            12.4 %                11.2 %                 17.2 %
1
     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
2
     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3
     Comparative results are restated to exclude the net earnings (losses) from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates financing costs in proportion to allocated capital. For the Canada, Europe
and Capital and Risk Solutions segments (essentially Canada Life), this allocation method generally tracks the regulatory capital requirements,
while for the United States, it tracks the financial statement carrying value of the business units. Total leverage capital is consistently allocated
across all business units in proportion to total capital resulting in a debt-to-equity ratio in each business unit consistent with the consolidated
Company.
Ratings




                                                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Lifeco maintains ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings6 are intended to provide investors with an independent
measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of
a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of each obligation.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
In the fourth quarter of 2023, the existing credit ratings for Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged. The Company
continued to receive strong ratings relative to its North American peer group resulting from its conservative risk profile, stable net earnings and
strong capitalization.
Lifeco's operating companies are assigned a group rating from each rating agency. This group rating is predominantly supported by the
Company’s leading position in the Canadian insurance market and competitive positions in the U.S. and European markets. Each of Lifeco's
operating companies benefits from the strong implicit financial support and collective ownership by Lifeco. There were no changes to the
Company's group credit ratings in the fourth quarter of 2023.

               Rating agency                                 Measurement                             Lifeco              Canada Life               Irish Life              Empower
    A.M. Best Company                            Financial Strength                                                            A+                                              A+
    Morningstar DBRS                             Issuer Rating                                      A (high)                   AA
                                                 Financial Strength                                                            AA                                              NR
                                                 Senior Debt                                        A (high)
                                                 Subordinated Debt                                  A (low)                 AA (low)
    Fitch Ratings                                Insurer Financial Strength                                                   AA                       AA                      AA
                                                 Senior Debt                                           A
                                                 Subordinated Debt                                    BBB+                     A+
    Moody's Investors Service                    Insurance Financial Strength                                                  Aa3                                             Aa3
    S&P Global Ratings                           Insurer Financial Strength                                                    AA                                              AA
                                                 Senior Debt                                           A+
                                                 Subordinated Debt                                     A-                      AA-




6
     These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine
     suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or
     withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.
                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report       73
                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis                59

                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B  59
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Risk Management and Control Practices

                                  Risk Management Overview
                                  As a diverse financial services company, the effective management of risk is integral to the success of the Company’s business. The Company is
                                  committed to a comprehensive system of risk management, which is embedded across all business activities, operated through a three lines of
                                  defense model and overseen by the Board of Directors. The Company's three lines of defense include business unit and support functions,
                                  oversight functions including actuarial, finance, risk and compliance, and the Company's internal audit function. The Company has a prudent
                                  and measured approach to risk management. This approach is built on a strong risk culture and is guided by an integrated Enterprise Risk
                                  Management (ERM) Framework.
                                  The Company’s ERM Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk appetite, informs and improves the deployment of
                                  capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of exposure to any potential losses and risks. The Company’s Risk
                                  Function is responsible for developing and maintaining the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and risk limit structure,
                                  and provides independent risk oversight across the Company’s operations.
                                  Although the Company takes steps to anticipate and minimize risks as appropriate, no risk management framework can guarantee that all risks
                                  will be identified, appreciated or mitigated effectively. Unforeseen future events may have a negative impact on the Company's business,
                                  financial condition and results of operations.
                                  There are three main sections to this Risk Management disclosure: ERM Framework, Risk Management and Control Practices and Exposures
                                  and Sensitivities.

                                  Enterprise Risk Management Framework
                                  The Company’s Board and Management Committees provide oversight of the ERM Framework which is comprised of five components: Risk
                                  Culture, Risk Governance, RAF, Risk Processes and Risk Infrastructure & Policies.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
PART B




                                  Risk Culture
                                  Risk culture is defined as the system of norms, values, attitudes and behaviours that influences and informs risk decision-making. Our risk
                                  culture reflects the Company's collective sense of responsibility to fulfill our commitments and promises to our stakeholders. Our risk culture is
                                  guided by our corporate purpose and core values with a customer first approach. We safeguard our financial strength and strong reputation
                                  while growing shareholder value in a manner that balances the interests of all stakeholders.
                                  This culture is instilled through a mindset of risk awareness as demonstrated by:
                                  •    Consistent tone from the Board, senior management and throughout the organization in respect of behavioural and ethical expectations,
                                       and alignment of business decisions with business strategies, corporate purpose, core values and risk appetite;
                                  •    Recognition that risk is inherent in our business success and reflects opportunity when appropriately managed;
                                  •    Individual and shared commitment to the importance of continuous management of risk, including clear accountability for and ownership
                                       of specific risks and risk areas;
                                  •    Rewarding positive risk taking and management behaviours while challenging and remediating those that are inconsistent with corporate
                                       purpose, core values or risk appetite;

                                  74   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   60
                                       B  60                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


•    Encouragement of risk event reporting and the presence of robust whistleblowing processes, actively seeking to learn from mistakes and
     near misses;
•    Accountability to all stakeholders; and
•    Recognition that risk management is a responsibility of all employees, officers and directors, both individually and collectively; risk
     management skills and knowledge are developed and core to our ongoing success; effective challenge is expected and respected across all
     business operations and all three lines of defense. Oversight and assurance functions are valued and appropriately resourced throughout
     the organization.

Risk Governance
Risk governance sets out the roles and responsibilities for the Board of Directors (Board) and Board Committees.
Board of Directors
The mandate of the Board, which it discharges directly or through one of its Committees, is to supervise the management of the business and
affairs of the Company. The Board is ultimately accountable and responsible for the governance and oversight of risk throughout the Company.
The Board annually approves the strategic goals, objectives, plans and initiatives for Lifeco, and in so doing reviews the risks associated with
Lifeco’s diverse business, strategic goals and high priority initiatives. Key risk responsibilities include:
•    Approving the ERM Policy and RAF;
•    Monitoring the implementation and maintenance by management of appropriate systems, policies, procedures and controls to manage
     the risks associated with the Company’s businesses and operations;
•    Annually approving Lifeco’s business, financial and capital plans and monitoring the implementation by management thereof;
•    Upon the recommendation of the Risk Committee, adopting a Code of Conduct applicable to Directors, officers and employees of the
     Company;
•    Periodically approving policies designed to support independence of the Risk, Finance, Actuarial and Compliance oversight functions as
     well as the Internal Audit assurance function; and
•    Overseeing the Company’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy, monitoring management’s execution against this




                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     strategy and reviewing the related impacts, risks, initiatives and reporting.
Risk Committee
The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for assisting the Board with risk management oversight and governance throughout

                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
the Company. The Risk Committee's responsibilities:
•    Review and oversight of the ERM Policy and RAF;
•    Review, approval and oversight of the credit, market and liquidity, insurance, operational, conduct, strategic and other risk policies;
•    Approval of the risk limit framework, associated risk limits and monitoring adherence to those limits;
•    Discussion of the risks in aggregate and by type of risk, including actions taken or planned to mitigate those risks where appropriate;
•    Review relevant reports including stress testing and Financial Condition Testing;
•    Review and approval of the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) Report;
•    Periodic approval of the Recovery Plan Playbook;
•    Advise the Board of any developments that would materially alter the risk profile;
•    Review of the risk impact of business strategies, capital plans, financial plans and new business initiatives;
•    Review and monitoring of compliance with the Company's Code of Conduct;
•    Periodic consideration and input regarding the relationships between risk and compensation; and
•    Review and assessment of the effectiveness of risk management across the Company including processes to ensure effective identification,
     measurement, management, monitoring and reporting on significant current and emerging risks;
•    Approval of the organizational and reporting structures, budget and resources of the Risk and Compliance functions; and
•    Review and approval of the mandate for and assessment of the performance of the Company's CRO, CCO and the effectiveness of the Risk
     and Compliance functions.
The Risk Committee is required to meet, at least annually, with the Audit Committee and with the Company's Chief Internal Auditor. The Risk
Committee meets with the Investment Committee as appropriate. Members of the Risk Committee are independent of management.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   75
                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       61

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  61
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Audit Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Audit Committee is to review the financial statements of the Company and public disclosure containing financial
                                  information and to report on such reviews to the Board, to be satisfied that adequate procedures are in place for the review of the Company’s
                                  public disclosures containing financial information and to oversee the work and review the independence of the external auditor. The Audit
                                  Committee is also responsible for reviewing, evaluating and approving the internal control procedures that are implemented and maintained
                                  by management. The Audit Committee meets as often as necessary to discharge its duties and responsibilities and meets at least annually with
                                  the Risk Committee. Members of the Audit Committee are independent of management.
                                  Conduct Review Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Conduct Review Committee is to require management to establish satisfactory procedures for the consideration
                                  and approval of transactions with related parties and to review and, if deemed appropriate, to approve related party transactions in accordance
                                  with such procedures. Members of the Conduct Review Committee are independent of management.
                                  Governance and Nominating Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Governance and Nominating Committee is to oversee the Company’s approach to governance matters, to
                                  recommend to the Board effective corporate governance policies and processes, to assess the effectiveness of the Board, Board Committees and
                                  the Directors and to recommend to the Board candidates for election as Directors and candidates for appointment to Board Committees.
                                  Human Resources Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Human Resources Committee is to support the Board in its oversight of compensation, talent management and
                                  succession planning. This includes the responsibility to approve compensation policies, to review the design of major compensation programs,
                                  to approve compensation arrangements and any benefit or perquisite plan for senior executives of the Company and to recommend to the
                                  Board compensation arrangements for the Directors and for the President and Chief Executive Officer. The mandate also includes the
                                  responsibility to review succession plans for the President and Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives, to review talent management
                                  programs and initiatives and to review the leadership capabilities required to support the advancement of the Company’s strategic objectives.
                                  The Human Resources Committee is also responsible for considering the implications of the risks associated with the Company’s compensation
                                  policies, plans and practices and in doing so meets annually with the Chief Risk Officer.
                                  Investment Committee




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The primary mandate of the Investment Committee is to oversee the Company’s global investment strategy and activities, including approving
                                  the Company’s Investment Policy and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the Investment Policy. The global investment strategy
                                  includes climate-related transition risks and opportunities such as cleaner energy sectors that could impact our investment growth strategies.

PART B
                                  The mandate also includes reviewing the Company’s annual investment plan and monitoring emerging risks, market trends and performance,
                                  investment regulatory issues and any other matters relevant to the oversight of the Company’s global investment function. The Investment
                                  Committee meets as often as necessary to discharge its duties and responsibilities and meets with the Risk Committee as appropriate.
                                  Reinsurance Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Reinsurance Committee is to advise on the Company’s reinsurance transactions. The mandate also includes
                                  reviewing and approving management’s recommendations with respect to policies applicable to reinsurance.
                                  Senior Management Risk Committees
                                  The Executive Risk Management Committee (ERMC) is the primary senior management committee that oversees all forms of risk and the
                                  implementation of the ERM Framework. The members are the CEO, the heads of each major business segment, the heads of key oversight
                                  functions and heads of support functions as appropriate. The Company’s CRO leads the Risk Function and chairs the ERMC. The ERMC
                                  responsibilities include reviewing compliance with the RAF, risk policies and risk standards. It also assesses the risk impact of business
                                  strategies, capital and financial plans and material initiatives. The Board Risk Committee delegates authority for the approval and management
                                  of lower level risk limits to the ERMC. The following three enterprise-wide sub-committees, chaired by the Risk Function, report to the ERMC to
                                  provide advice and recommendations on each of the key risk categories:
                                  •    Market and Credit Risk Committee
                                  •    Insurance Risk Committee
                                  •    Operational Risk Committee
                                  The oversight responsibilities of the above Committees include identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of their
                                  respective risks. In addition, each business segment has established its own executive risk management committee providing oversight for all
                                  forms of risk and the implementation of the ERM Framework.
                                  Accountabilities
                                  The Company has adopted a Three Lines of Defense model to clearly segregate risk management and risk oversight responsibilities and applies
                                  the ERM Framework rigorously across the enterprise.
                                  •    First Line: Business units and business support functions, including Investment Management, Human Resources, Information Services
                                       and Legal, are the ultimate owners of risk and have primary risk management as well as risk-taking responsibility and accountability
                                       through day-to-day operations within ongoing business processes.


                                  76   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   62
                                       B  62                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


•    Second Line: The Risk Function has the primary and overall responsibility and accountability for independent oversight and effective
     challenge of risk-taking and risk management of the first line of defense. In this role, the Risk Function receives support from other
     oversight functions including Actuarial, Compliance and Finance; and
•    Third Line: Internal Audit is responsible for independent assurance of the adequacy of the design and operational effectiveness of the
     Company's ERM Framework.
The Company’s CRO reports directly, both to the President and Chief Executive Officer and to the Board Risk Committee. The CRO is
responsible for ensuring that the Risk Function is appropriately resourced and effective in executing its responsibilities. The accountabilities of
the CRO include reporting on compliance with the ERM Policy and RAF as well as for escalating matters that require attention.
Business segment ERMCs monitor all risk categories for businesses and operations within their respective business segments. Risk resources
and capabilities are aligned with the Company's business segments and operating units and further support is provided by centrally based risk
areas of expertise.

Risk Appetite Framework
The Company has an articulated Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) that includes the following elements along with the associated governance
structure:
•    Risk Strategy: Risk philosophy of the Company that links to the business strategy.
•    Risk Appetite Statement: Reflects the aggregate level of risk and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its business
     objectives.
•    Risk Preference: Qualitative description of risk tolerances.
•    Risk Limit Framework: Quantitative components of the RAF including excess and escalation process.
Risk Strategy
Our main purpose is to help our customers achieve financial security and well-being while keeping our commitments and growing shareholder
value. Effective and efficient risk management is key to achieving these aims. This is achieved by:
•    Establishing a risk awareness culture that is ingrained in all business activities with a risk governance model based on three lines of




                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     defense. Business units have full accountability for all risk-taking decisions. The Risk Function has primary responsibility for independent
     risk oversight and effective challenge within the second line of defense. As the third line of defense, Internal Audit provides independent
     assurance over the Company's ERM Framework.


                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
•    Employing a prudent and measured approach to risk-taking;
•    Conducting business to safeguard the Company’s reputation and deliver fair customer outcomes through maintaining high standards of
     integrity based on the employee Code of Conduct and sound sales and marketing practices; and
•    Generating returns to grow shareholder value through profitable and growing operations while maintaining a strong balance sheet.
Risk Appetite Statement
The Company’s Risk Appetite Statement has four key components:
•    Strong Capital Position: The Company intends to maintain a strong balance sheet and not take risks that would jeopardize its financial
     strength;
•    Mitigated Earnings Volatility: The Company seeks to avoid substantial earnings volatility through appropriate diversification and limiting
     exposure to more volatile lines of business;
•    Strong Liquidity: The Company intends to maintain a high quality, diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet the
     demands of policyholder and financing obligations under normal and stressed conditions; and
•    Treating Customers Fairly and Maintaining the Company's Reputation: The Company seeks to maintain a high standing and positive
     reputation with all stakeholders including its customers, counterparties, creditors and other stakeholders. This includes building and
     maintaining trust, fair treatment of customers, consideration of corporate social responsibility, and effective management of sustainability
     and reputational risks.
Risk Preference
The Company has established qualitative risk preferences for each risk type. Each risk is assigned a risk preference level, in the context of
understanding and managing these risks. The current level of exposure is regularly measured and risk tolerances are expressed quantitatively
through actual constraints to the Company's risk profile within pre-agreed limits. Maximum guidelines are established to monitor risk
concentration and inform the risk limit setting process.
Risk Limit Framework
A comprehensive structure of risk limits and controls is in place across the Company. Enterprise risk limits are further broken down by business
unit and risk type. The limit structure is accompanied by comprehensive limit approval and excess management processes to ensure effective
governance and oversight of the RAF.



                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   77
                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       63

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  63
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to various regulatory regimes. The capital requirements under these regulatory capital regimes
                                  are reflected in the development of risk limits. Business units are responsible for operating within the risk appetite and the risk limit framework
                                  and satisfying local requirements as needed.

                                  Risk Processes
                                  Risk processes follow a cycle of identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting and are designed to ensure both current
                                  and emerging risks are assessed against the RAF.
                                  Risk Identification, Measurement and Management
                                  Risk identification requires the structured analysis of the current and emerging risks facing the Company, so that they are understood and
                                  appropriately managed. Processes are designed to ensure risks are considered, assessed, prioritized and addressed in all business initiatives,
                                  operations and changes, including investment strategies, product design, significant transactions, annual planning and budgeting as well as
                                  potential business acquisitions and disposals.
                                  Risk measurement provides the means to quantify and assess the Company’s risk profile and monitor the profile against the risk limits. Any
                                  material new business development or change in strategy warrants an independent assessment of risk and potential impact on reputation, in
                                  addition to measurement of the impact on capital, earnings and liquidity. Stress and scenario testing is used to evaluate risk exposures against
                                  the risk appetite. Sensitivity testing of key risks is used to evaluate the impact of risk exposures independent of other risks. Scenario testing is
                                  used to evaluate the combined impact of multiple risk exposures.
                                  The Company has processes in place to identify risk exposures on an ongoing basis and, where appropriate, develops mitigation strategies to
                                  proactively manage these risks. Effective risk management requires the selection and implementation of approaches to accept, reject, transfer,
                                  avoid or control risk, including mitigation plans. It is based on a control framework for financial and non-financial risks that includes risk limits,
                                  Risk Function Indicators (RFIs) and stress and scenario testing to ensure appropriate escalation and resolution of potential issues in a timely
                                  manner.
                                  A key responsibility of the Risk Function is to ensure that the risk appetite is applied consistently across the Company and that limits are
                                  established to ensure that risk exposures comply with the risk appetite and Company-wide risk policies. The Risk Function provides ongoing
                                  and independent challenge to the first line of defense. In addition, in the event of a significant internal or external change that could introduce
                                  new risks or heighten existing risks that could materially impact the business, the Risk Function provides a formal Risk Opinion or thematic
                                  review.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Risk Monitoring, Reporting and Escalation
                                  Risk monitoring relates to ongoing oversight and tracking of the Company’s risk exposures, ensuring that the risk management approaches in


PART B
                                  place remain effective. Monitoring may also identify risk-taking opportunities.
                                  Risk reporting presents an accurate and timely picture of existing and emerging risk issues and exposures as well as their potential impact on
                                  business activities. Reporting highlights the risk profile relative to the risk appetite and associated risk limits.
                                  A clearly defined escalation protocol is in place to address any excesses against thresholds or limits established by the RAF, risk policies,
                                  operating standards and guidelines. Remediation plans are reviewed and monitored by the Risk Function and escalated to designated
                                  management and Board committees, as appropriate.

                                  Risk Infrastructure and Policies
                                  The Company’s organization and infrastructure is established to provide resources and risk systems to support adequate and appropriate risk
                                  policies, operating standards and guidelines and processes. The Company endeavours to take a consistent approach to risk management
                                  across key risk types.
                                  The Company has codified its procedures and operations related to risk management and oversight requirements in a set of guiding documents
                                  composed of risk policies, operating standards and associated guidelines. This comprehensive documentation framework provides detailed
                                  and effective guidance across all risk management processes. These documents enable a consistent approach to risk management and
                                  oversight across the Company’s businesses and are reviewed and approved regularly, in accordance with an established authority hierarchy, by
                                  the Board of Directors, the Board Risk Committee or a senior management committee, as appropriate. Similar policy structures have been
                                  developed and are maintained by each business segment.

                                  Risk Management and Control Practices
                                  The Company’s risk profile is impacted by a variety of risks and its risk management and independent oversight processes are tailored to the
                                  type, volatility and magnitude of each risk. The Company has defined specific risk management and oversight processes for risks, broadly
                                  grouped in the following categories:
                                  1. Market and Liquidity Risk
                                  2. Credit Risk
                                  3. Insurance Risk
                                  4. Operational Risk
                                  5. Conduct Risk
                                  6. Strategic Risk


                                  78   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   64
                                        B  64                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion
Management’s Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Market and Liquidity Risk
Risk Description
Market risk is the risk of loss resulting from potential changes in market rates and prices in various markets such as for interest rates, real estate,
currency, common shares and commodities. Exposure to this risk results from business activities including investment transactions which
create on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet positions.
Liquidity risk is the risk of the Company's inability to generate the necessary funds to meet its obligations as they come due, including off-
balance sheet commitments and obligations.
Market and Liquidity Risk Management
The Company’s Market & Liquidity Risk Policy sets out the market and liquidity risk management framework and principles. This policy is
supported by other policies and guidelines that provide detailed guidance.
A governance structure has been implemented for the management of market and liquidity risk. The business units, including Investment
Management, are the ultimate owners of market and liquidity risk and as such have primary responsibility for the identification, measurement,
management, monitoring and reporting. The Company has established a senior management committee to provide oversight of market and
liquidity risk, which includes completing reviews and making recommendations regarding risk limits, the risk policy and associated
compliance, excess management and mitigation pertaining to market and liquidity risk. Each business segment has established oversight
committees and operating committees to help manage market and liquidity risk within the segment. The Company has developed risk limits,
RFIs and other measures to support the management of market and liquidity risk in compliance with the Company's RAF. The Risk Function
works with the business units and other oversight functions to identify current and emerging market and liquidity risks and take appropriate
action, if required.
The Company is willing to accept market and liquidity risk in certain circumstances as a consequence of its business model and seeks to
mitigate the risks wherever practical. A wide range of risk mitigation techniques are used in practice to manage market risks, including (but not
limited to) derivatives-based hedging. Hedging programs are grouped by product-level hedging, tactical portfolio hedging and macro-hedging.
A general macro equity hedging program has been established. The macro hedge program is contingent and only executed in circumstances
and at levels determined by the Company. To reduce liquidity risk, the Company seeks to maintain a high quality, diversified investment
portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet demands of policyholders and financing obligations under normal and stress conditions.
Risks and risk management activities associated with the broad market and liquidity risk categories are detailed below.




                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk is the risk of loss resulting from the effect of the volatility and uncertainty of future interest rates on asset cash flows relative to


                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B
liability cash flows and on assets backing surplus. This also includes changes in the amount and timing of cash flows related to asset and
liability optionality, including interest rate guarantees and book value surrender benefits in the liabilities.
The Company’s principal exposure to interest rate risk arises from certain general fund and segregated fund products. The Company’s Asset
Liability Management (ALM) strategy has been designed to mitigate interest rate risks associated with general fund products, with the general
approach being to match asset cash flows and insurance and investment contract obligations. Products with similar risk characteristics are
grouped when aggregating and managing of the Company’s ALM positions. Asset portfolios supporting insurance and investment contract
liabilities are segmented to align with the duration and other characteristics (e.g. liquidity) of the associated liabilities.
A feature of some general fund products is to grow the account values of the underlying policies through crediting rates, or in the case of
participating policies, through policyholder dividends (described in the Participating Account Management Policy). Crediting rates within non-
participating general fund products are set taking into account interest rate risk and a significant proportion of the Company’s portfolio of
crediting rate products allow for the risk and returns to be shared with policyholders. Similarly, participating policies allow risks and returns to
be shared with policyholders. However, a rapid rise in interest rates may adversely impact the Company as a result of potential losses
associated with early disposal of fixed income securities to meet contractual surrender benefits.
The Company seeks to mitigate this risk through a combination of product design and investment strategies. Surrender terms are set out in
underlying contracts and in the case of group contracts depend on whether an exit is driven by a plan or a plan participant, and the nature of a
participant's exit. For example, plan terminations may be subject to delay conditions and discretionary withdrawals may have market value
adjustments for exits payable immediately. In addition, the Company maintains a high quality, diversified investment portfolio with a spread of
asset maturities by year.
A prolonged low interest rate environment may adversely impact the Company's earnings and capital and could impact the Company's
business strategy. During periods of prolonged low interest rates, investment earnings may be lower because the interest earned on new fixed
income investments will likely have declined with the market interest rates, and hedging costs may increase. Also, early repayment on
investments held such as mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, and callable bonds, may be experienced and proceeds forced to
be reinvested at lower yields, which will reduce investment margins. Low interest rate environments impact capital requirements associated
with guaranteed products (e.g., Canada Participating products), with non-linear sensitivity to market movements (increases as interest rates
decrease). The Company attempts to mitigate this risk with hedging.
The Company has established a range of product-level hedging programs to hedge interest rate risk sensitivity. The most material programs are
associated with segregated fund and variable annuity guarantees. These dynamic hedging programs are designed to offset changes in the
economic value of liabilities using derivative instruments. The Company's approach to dynamic hedging of interest rate risk principally
involves transacting in interest rate swaps. The hedge asset portfolios are dynamically rebalanced within approved thresholds and rebalancing
criteria.


                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   79
                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       65

                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  65
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Where the Company’s insurance and investment products have benefit or expense payments that are dependent on inflation (e.g. inflation-
                                  indexed annuities, pensions and disability claims), the Company generally invests in real return instruments to mitigate changes in the real
                                  dollar liability cash flows.
                                  Equity Risk
                                  Equity risk is the risk of loss resulting from the sensitivity of the value of assets, liabilities, financial instruments and fee revenue to changes in
                                  the level or in the volatility of market prices of common shares and real estate. Real estate losses can arise from fluctuations in the value of or
                                  future cash flows from the Company's investment in real estate. Equity risk includes risks associated with the Company’s general fund assets
                                  and investments on account of segregated fund policyholders.
                                  The Company’s principal exposure to equity risk arises from segregated funds and fee income associated with the Company’s assets under
                                  management. Approved investment and risk policies also provide for general fund investments in equity markets within defined limits.
                                  The Company has established dynamic hedging programs to hedge equity risk sensitivity associated with segregated fund and variable annuity
                                  guarantees. The hedging programs are designed to mitigate exposure to changes in the economic value of these liabilities using derivative
                                  instruments. The Company's approach to dynamic hedging of equity risk principally involves the short selling of equity index futures. The
                                  hedge asset portfolios are dynamically rebalanced within approved thresholds and rebalancing criteria.
                                  The Company's product-level hedging programs are supplemented by a general macro hedging strategy. The macro hedge program is
                                  contingent and only executed in circumstances and at levels determined by the Company. The objective of the program is to reduce the
                                  Company's exposure to equity tail-risk and to maintain overall capital sensitivity to equity market movements within Board approved risk
                                  appetite limits. The program is designed to hedge a portion of the Company's capital sensitivity due to movements in equity markets arising
                                  from sources outside of dynamically hedged segregated fund and variable annuity exposures. During the year, there were no macro hedge
                                  transactions executed and no assets supporting the macro hedge program.
                                  For certain very long-dated liabilities it is not practical or efficient to closely match liability cash flows with fixed-income investments.
                                  Therefore, certain long-dated asset portfolios target an investment return sufficient to meet liability cash flows over the longer term. From an
                                  economic perspective, these liabilities are partially backed by a diversified portfolio of non-fixed income investments, including equity and real
                                  estate investments, in addition to long dated fixed-income instruments.
                                  Foreign Exchange Risk




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Foreign exchange risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in currency exchange rates against the reporting currency. The Company’s
                                  foreign exchange investment and risk management policies and practices are to match the currency of the Company’s general fund investments
                                  with the currency of the underlying insurance and investment contract liabilities. To enhance portfolio diversification and improve asset
                                  liability matching, the Company may use foreign exchange derivatives to mitigate currency exchange risk to the extent this is practical using

PART B
                                  forward contracts and swaps.
                                  The Company has net investments in foreign operations. As a result, the Company's revenue, expenses and income denominated in currencies
                                  other than the Canadian dollar are subject to fluctuations due to the movement of the Canadian dollar against these currencies. Such
                                  fluctuations affect the Company’s financial results. The Company has exposures to the U.S. dollar resulting from the operations of Empower in
                                  the United States and the Reinsurance business unit within the Capital and Risk Solutions segment; and to the British pound and the euro
                                  resulting from operations of business units within the Europe and Capital and Risk solutions segments operating in the U.K., the Isle of Man,
                                  Ireland and Germany.
                                  In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of related hedging
                                  activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar
                                  end-of-period market rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro end-of-period market rates impacts the Company’s total share
                                  capital and surplus. Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.
                                  Management may use forward foreign currency contracts and foreign currency denominated debt to mitigate the volatility arising from the
                                  movement of currency rates as they impact the translation of net investments in foreign operations. The Company uses non-GAAP financial
                                  measures such as constant currency calculations to assist in communicating the effect of currency translation fluctuation on financial results.
                                  •       A 5% appreciation (depreciation) of the average exchange rate of the Canadian dollar to each of the U.S. dollar, euro and British pound
                                          would decrease (increase) net earnings in 2023 by $$61 million, $29 million and 8 million, respectively.
                                  •       A 5% appreciation (depreciation) of the Canadian dollar end-of-period market rate compared to each of the U.S. dollar, British pound and
                                          euro end-of-period market rates would decrease (increase) the unrealized foreign currency translation gains7, in accumulated other
                                          comprehensive income (loss) of shareholders’ equity by approximately $496 million, $169 million and $66 million, respectively, as at
                                          December 31, 2023.
                                  Liquidity Risk
                                  The Company’s liquidity risk management framework and associated limits are designed to allow the Company to meet cash and collateral
                                  commitments as they fall due, both on an expected basis and under a severe liquidity stress.




                                  7
                                      Unrealized foreign currency translation gains (losses) include the impact of instruments designated as hedges of net investments on foreign operations.
                                  80       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   66
                                           B  66                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Under a severe liquidity stress, additional cash and collateral requirements could primarily arise from increased policyholder termination rates,
derivative collateral demands, reinsurance obligations and the extension or renewal of loans at maturity. For example, a rapid rise in interest
rates may encourage holders of certain types of policies to terminate their policies, thereby placing demands on the Company's liquidity
position (refer to the “Interest Rate Risk” section of this document for additional details). In addition, the majority of liquid assets and other
marketable securities comprise fixed-income securities whose value decrease when interest rates rise. The Company attempts to mitigate
liquidity risk through product design; and maintaining a high quality, diversified investment portfolio with a spread of asset maturities by year.
Approximately 68% of insurance and investment contract liabilities (measured based on carrying value and excluding liabilities held on account
of segregated fund holders) are subject to discretionary withdrawal. The liabilities which are subject to discretionary withdrawal mainly arise
from U.S. general account business and Canadian participating account business. The Company includes contract provisions restricting
withdrawal rights on its U.S. general account pension products sold to employee benefit plan sponsors. While plan participants can redeem at
their account value, we have the right to make market value adjustments and/or delay payments for terminations of most plans at the plan
sponsor level. Participating account policies provide insurance coverage over the lifetime of the policyholders which would be lost on
surrender.
On segregated funds, contract terms are generally in place to mitigate liquidity risk which could arise from discretionary withdrawals.
In the normal course of certain reinsurance business, the Company provides letters of credit (LCs) to other parties, or beneficiaries. A
beneficiary will typically hold a LC as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded to or amounts
due from the Company.
The Company may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing LCs at maturity. The Company monitors its use of
LCs on a regular basis and assesses the ongoing availability of these and alternative forms of operating credit. The Company has contractual
rights to reduce the amount of LCs issued to the LC beneficiaries for certain reinsurance treaties. The Company staggers the maturities of LCs to
reduce the renewal risk.
For a further description of the Company's financial instrument risk management policies, refer to note 7 in the Company's December 31, 2023
annual consolidated financial statements.
Credit Risk
Risk Description
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor’s potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual obligations. Exposure to




                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
this risk occurs any time funds are extended, committed or invested through actual or implied contractual agreements. Components of credit
risk include: loan loss/principal risk, pre-settlement/replacement risk and settlement risk. Obligors include issuers, debtors, borrowers,
brokers, policyholders, reinsurers, derivative counterparties and guarantors.


                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
Credit exposure results from the purchase of fixed-income securities, which are primarily used to support policyholder liabilities. The Company
also manages financial contracts with counterparties. Such contracts may be used to mitigate insurance and market risks (reinsurance ceded
agreements and derivative contracts) or they may arise from the Company's direct business operations. The risk arising from these types of
arrangements is included in the Company's measurement of its risk profile.
Credit Risk Management
The Company’s credit risk management framework focuses on minimizing undue concentration of assets, in-house credit analysis to identify
and measure risks, continuous monitoring, and proactive management. Diversification is achieved through the establishment of appropriate
concentration limits (by asset class, issuers, credit rating, industries, and individual geographies) and transaction approval authority protocols.
The Company’s approach to credit risk management includes the continuous review of its existing risk profile relative to the RAF as well as to
the assessment of potential changes in the risk profile under stress scenarios.
A governance structure has been implemented for the management of credit risk. The business units, including Investment Management, are
the ultimate owners of credit risk and as such have primary responsibility for the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and
reporting. The Company has established a senior management committee to provide oversight of credit risk, which includes completing
reviews of relevant risks and making recommendations regarding risk limits, the risk policy and associated compliance, excess management
and mitigation pertaining to credit risk. Each business segment has established oversight committees and operating committees to help
manage credit risk within the segment. The Company has developed risk limits, RFIs and measures to support the management of credit risk in
compliance with the Company's RAF.
The Company has established business segment specific Investment and Lending Policies, including investment limits for each asset class.
These policies and limits are complemented by the Credit Risk Policy which sets out the credit risk management framework and principles.
This policy is supported by other policies and guidelines that provide detailed guidance.
The Company identifies credit risk through an internal credit risk rating system which includes a detailed assessment of an obligor’s
creditworthiness based on a thorough and objective analysis of business risk, financial profile, structural considerations and security
characteristics including seniority and covenants. Credit risk ratings are expressed using a 22-point scale that is consistent with those used by
external rating agencies. In accordance with the Company’s policies, internal credit risk ratings cannot be higher than the highest rating
provided by certain independent ratings companies. The Risk Function reviews and approves the credit risk ratings assigned by Investment
Management for all new investments and reviews the appropriateness of ratings assigned to outstanding exposures.




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   81
                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       67

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  67
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  The Risk Function assigns credit risk parameters (probabilities of default, rating transition rates, loss given default, exposures at default) to all
                                  credit exposures to measure the Company’s aggregate credit risk profile. In addition, the Risk Function establishes limits and processes,
                                  performs stress and scenario testing (using stochastically generated and deterministic scenarios) and assesses compliance with the limits
                                  established in the RAF. It regularly reports on the Company's credit risk profile to executive management, the Risk Committe of the Board of
                                  Directors and various committees at enterprise, business segment and legal entity levels.
                                  Investment Management and the Risk Function are responsible for the monitoring of exposures relative to limits as well as for the management
                                  and escalation of risk limit excesses as they occur. Investment Management is also responsible for the continuous monitoring of its portfolios
                                  for changes in credit outlook, and performs regular credit reviews of all relevant obligors and counterparties, based on a combination of
                                  bottom-up credit analysis and top-down views on the economy and assessment of industry and sub-sector outlooks. Watch Lists are also used
                                  at the business segment levels to plan and execute the relevant risk mitigation strategies for obligors experiencing heightened credit stress.
                                  Counterparty Risk
                                  Counterparties include both reinsurers and derivative counterparties.
                                  The Company uses reinsurance to mitigate insurance risks. This mitigation results in increased credit risk to reinsurance counterparties from
                                  the potential failure to collect reinsurance recoveries due to either the inability, or an unwillingness to fulfill their contractual obligation.
                                  Counterparties providing reinsurance to the Company are reviewed for financial soundness as part of an ongoing monitoring process. The
                                  minimum financial strength of reinsurers is outlined in the Reinsurance Risk Management Policy. The Company seeks to minimize reinsurance
                                  credit risk through diversification as well as seeking protection in the form of collateral or funds withheld arrangements where possible.
                                  The Company enters into derivative contracts primarily to mitigate market risks. Derivative counterparty risk is the risk of loss resulting from
                                  the potential failure of the derivative counterparty to meet their financial obligations under the contract. Derivative products are traded
                                  through exchanges or with counterparties approved by the Board of Directors or the Investment Committee. The Company seeks to mitigate
                                  derivative credit risk through diversification and through collateral arrangements where possible. In addition, the Company includes potential
                                  future exposure of derivatives in its measure of total exposure against single name limits.

                                  Insurance Risk
                                  Risk Description
                                  Insurance risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in experience associated with contractual promises and obligations arising from




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  insurance contracts. Insurance risk includes uncertainties around the ultimate amount of net cash flows (premiums, commissions, claims,
                                  payouts and related settlement expenses), the timing of the receipt and payment of these cash flows, as well as the impact of policyholder
                                  behaviour (e.g. lapses).


PART B
                                  The Company identifies six broad categories of insurance risk, which may contribute to financial losses: mortality risk, morbidity risk, longevity
                                  risk, policyholder behaviour risk, expense risk and property & casualty risk. Mortality risk, morbidity risk, longevity risk and expense risk are
                                  core business risks and the exchange of these risks into value is a core business activity. Policyholder behaviour risk is principally associated
                                  with offering core products and is accepted as a consequence of the business model and mitigated where appropriate. Property & casualty risk
                                  is a selectively accepted business risk which is constrained, actively managed and controlled within risk limits.
                                  Insurance Risk Management
                                  Insurance products involve commitments by the insurer to provide services and financial obligations with coverage for extended periods of
                                  time. To provide insurance protection effectively, the Company must design and price products so that the premiums received, and the
                                  investment income earned on those premiums, will be sufficient to pay future claims and expenses associated with the product. This requires
                                  the insurer, in pricing products and establishing insurance contract liabilities, to make assumptions regarding expected levels of income, claims
                                  and expenses and how policyholder behaviours and market risks might impact these assumptions. As a result, the Company is exposed to
                                  product design and pricing risk which is the risk of financial loss resulting from transacting business where the costs and liabilities arising in
                                  respect of a product line exceed the pricing expectations.
                                  Insurance contract liabilities are determined under IFRS 17, as the total of the fulfilment cash flows, which comprise estimates of future cash
                                  flows, adjusted to reflect the time value of money and the associated financial risks, and a risk adjustment for insurance risk; and the contractual
                                  service margin.
                                  A governance structure has been implemented for the management of insurance risk. Business units are the ultimate owners of insurance risk
                                  and as such have primary responsibility for the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of insurance risk. The
                                  Risk Function, supported by Corporate Actuarial, is primarily responsible for oversight of the insurance risk management framework. The
                                  Company has established an Insurance Risk Committee to provide oversight of insurance risk, which includes completing reviews and making
                                  recommendations regarding risk limits, the risk policy and associated compliance, excess management and mitigation pertaining to insurance
                                  risk. Each business segment has established oversight committees and operating committees to help manage insurance risk within the
                                  segment.
                                  The Company’s Insurance Risk Policy sets out the insurance risk management framework and provides the principles for insurance risk
                                  management. This policy is supported by several other policies and guidelines that provide detailed guidance, including:
                                  •    Product Design and Pricing Risk Management Policy and Reinsurance Risk Management Policy, which provide guidelines and standards
                                       for the product design and pricing risk management processes and reinsurance ceded risk management practices;
                                  •    Actuarial Function Valuation Policy, which provides documentation and control standards; and



                                  82   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   68
                                        B  68                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


•    Participating Account Management Policies and Participating Policyholder Dividend Policies, which govern the management of
     participating accounts and provide for the distribution of a portion of the earnings in the participating account as participating
     policyholder dividends.
The Risk Function, in conjunction with Actuarial Function, implements a number of processes to carry out its responsibility for oversight of
insurance risk. It reviews the Insurance Risk Policy relative to current risk exposures and updates it as required. It reviews insurance risk
management processes carried out by the business units, including product design and pricing, underwriting, claims adjudication, and
reinsurance ceding, and provides challenge as required.
The Risk Function works with the business units and other oversight functions to identify current and emerging insurance risks and take
appropriate action, if required. Insurance risk limits, risk budgets and RFIs are set to keep the insurance risk profile within the Company’s
appetite for insurance risk and the Risk Function regularly monitors the insurance risk profile relative to these measures. Any excesses are
required to be escalated so that appropriate remediation may be implemented. The Risk Function performs stress testing and analysis of
insurance risks, including review of experience studies. It provides regular reporting on these activities to the business units, senior
management, and risk oversight committees. The Risk Function performs thematic reviews and/or enhances the monitoring and reporting of
associated exposures to these risks.
Risks and risk management activities associated with the broad insurance risk categories are detailed below.
Mortality and Morbidity Risk
Mortality risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in the level, trend, or volatility of mortality rates, where an increase in the
mortality rate leads to a decrease in current earnings and/or expected future earnings.
Morbidity risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in the level, trend, or volatility of disability, health, dental, critical illness and
other sickness rates, where an increase in the incidence rate or a decrease in the disability recovery rate leads to a decrease in current earnings
and/or expected future earnings.
There is a risk that the Company will mis-estimate the level of mortality or morbidity, or write business which generates worse mortality and
morbidity experience than expected.
The Company employs the following practices to manage its mortality and morbidity risk:
•    Research and analysis is done regularly to provide the basis for pricing and valuation assumptions to properly reflect the insurance and




                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     reinsurance risks in markets where the Company is active.
•    Underwriting limits, practices and policies control the amount of risk exposure, the selection of risks insured for consistency with claims


                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
     expectations and support the long-term sustainability of the Company.
•    The Company sets retention limits for mortality and morbidity risks. Aggregate risk is managed through a combination of reinsurance and
     capital market solutions to transfer the risk where appropriate.
•    For group life products, exposure to a concentrated mortality event due to concentration of risk in specific locations for example, could
     have an impact on financial results. To manage the risk, concentrations are monitored for new business and renewals. The Company may
     impose single-event limits on some group plans and declines to quote in localized areas where the aggregate risk is deemed excessive.
•    Effective plan design and claims adjudication practices, for both morbidity and mortality risks are critical to the management of the risk.
     As an example, for group healthcare products, inflation and utilization will influence the level of claims costs, which can be difficult to
     predict. The Company manages the impact of these and similar factors through plan designs that limit new costs and long-term price
     guarantees and include the ability to regularly re-price for emerging experience.
•    The Company manages large blocks of business, which, in aggregate, are expected to result in relatively low statistical fluctuations in any
     given period. For some policies, these risks are shared with the policyholder through adjustments to future policyholder charges or in the
     case of participating policies through future changes in policyholder dividends.
•    The insurance contract liabilities are determined under IFRS 17. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience
     together with a risk adjustment for non-financial risk. This risk adjustment for insurance risk represents the compensation that the
     Company requires for bearing uncertainty in the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk.
Longevity Risk
Longevity risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in the level, trend, or volatility of mortality rates, where a decrease in the
mortality rate leads to a decrease in current earnings and/or expected future earnings. Annuities, some segregated fund products with
Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits and longevity reinsurance are priced and valued to reflect the life expectancy of the annuitant.
There is a risk that annuitants could live longer than was estimated by the Company, which would increase the value of the associated insurance
contract liabilities.
Business is priced using mortality assumptions which consider recent Company and industry experience and the latest research on expected
future trends in mortality.
Aggregate risk is managed through reinsurance to transfer the risk as appropriate, as well as consideration of capital market solutions if deemed
necessary. The Company has processes in place to verify annuitants’ eligibility for continued income benefits. These processes are designed to
ensure annuity payments accrue to those contractually entitled to receive them and help ensure mortality data used to develop pricing and
valuation assumptions is as complete as possible.


                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   83
                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       69

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  69
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Policyholder Behaviour Risk
                                  Policyholder behaviour risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in the level or volatility of the rates of policy lapses, terminations,
                                  renewals, surrenders, or exercise of embedded policy options.
                                  Many products are priced and valued to reflect the expected duration of contracts and the exercising of options embedded in those contracts.
                                  There is a risk that contracts may be terminated earlier or later than assumed in pricing and plan design. To the extent that higher costs are
                                  incurred in early contract years, there is a risk that contracts are terminated before early expenses can be recovered. Conversely, on certain
                                  long-term level premium products where claims costs increase by age, there is risk that contracts are terminated later than assumed.
                                  Business is priced using policy termination assumptions which consider product designs and policyholder options, recent Company and
                                  industry experience and the latest research on expected future trends. Assumptions are reviewed regularly and are updated as necessary for
                                  both pricing of new policies and valuation of in-force policies.
                                  The Company also incorporates early surrender charges into certain contracts and incorporates commission chargebacks in its distribution
                                  agreements to reduce unrecovered expenses.
                                  Policyholder taxation rules in many jurisdictions help encourage the retention of insurance coverage.
                                  In addition to the risk associated with core product offerings, the Company also writes structured mass lapse reinsurance deals. These covers
                                  are designed to provide capital relief. Risks are managed by limiting the aggregate net cash payout as well as country and counterparty
                                  concentration. The Company also incorporates product features to mitigate risk (e.g. ability to cancel on relatively short notice and specified
                                  exclusions).
                                  Expense Risk
                                  Expense risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse variability of expenses incurred with fee-for-service business or in servicing and
                                  maintaining insurance, savings or reinsurance contracts, including direct expenses and allocations of overhead costs.
                                  Expense management programs are regularly monitored to control unit costs while maintaining effective service delivery.
                                  Property & Casualty Risk
                                  Property & casualty risk is the risk of loss resulting from adverse changes in experience associated with property catastrophe and other non-life
                                  coverages.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  This risk is primarily driven by the Company’s reinsurance assumed business and can be split into two main categories as noted below:
                                  •    The Company assumes property catastrophe risk, primarily as a retrocessionaire. Participation is generally at significantly higher event or

PART B
                                       experience loss exposures than primary carriers and reinsurers. Generally, an event or experience of significant severity must occur prior
                                       to the Company incurring a claim. If a claim does occur, it could impact multiple reinsurance contracts.
                                       Risks are managed by limiting the total maximum claim amount under all contracts and monitors cedant companies’ claims experience on
                                       an ongoing basis, incorporating their experience in pricing models to ensure that the Company is adequately compensated for the risk
                                       undertaken.
                                  •    The Company also assumes additional non-life risks which can include, amongst others, motor, pet, third party liability, unemployment
                                       and title insurance. Treaties can take the form of coverage for particular lines of business or multiple lines of business.
                                       Risks are managed through risk limits which are assessed using a probable maximum loss approach. Treaties are on a structured basis
                                       which helps to mitigate risk exposures through mechanisms which may include maximum loss, loss carry forward and pricing margins.
                                       Given the variation in risk exposures, transactions would be expected to diversify very well with each other and with the Company’s other
                                       risk exposures.

                                  Operational Risk
                                  Risk Description
                                  Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from potential problems relating to internal processes, people and systems or from external events.
                                  Exposure to Operational risk results from either normal day-to-day operations or a specific unanticipated event, and can have material financial
                                  and/or reputational consequences.
                                  Operational Risk Management
                                  The Company has established processes to identify, assess, mitigate and manage operational risks. However, the Company’s operations require
                                  multiple processes, systems and stakeholders to interact across the enterprise on an ongoing basis and operational risk remains an inherent
                                  feature of the Company’s business model that cannot be fully eliminated.
                                  The Company actively manages operational risks to support operational resilience across key processes and services and to maintain a strong
                                  reputation, standing and financial strength.
                                  A governance structure has been implemented for the management of operational risk. Business units are the ultimate owners of operational
                                  risk and as such have primary responsibility for the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of operational risk.
                                  The Company has established an Operational Risk Committee to provide oversight of operational risk, which includes completing reviews,
                                  reporting, and monitoring risks; and making recommendations regarding risk limits, risk policies and mitigation pertaining to operational risks.
                                  Each business segment has established oversight committees and operating committees to help manage operational risk across their business.


                                  84   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   70
                                        B  70                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


The Company's Operational Risk Policy is supported by standards and guidelines that relate to specialized functions including detailed
practices related to technology and cybersecurity risk management, fraud, regulatory compliance, stress testing, modeling, risk data aggregation
and risk reporting. The Company implements controls to manage operational risk through integrated policies, procedures and processes, with
consideration given to the cost/benefit trade-off. Processes and controls are monitored and refined by the business areas and periodically
reviewed by the Company’s Internal Audit department. Financial reporting processes and controls are further examined by external auditors.
The Company employs a combination of operational risk management methods including risk and control assessments, internal control factors
and risk event analyses. For the identification of operational risks, the Company utilizes risk and control assessments which systematically
identify and assess potential operational risks and associated controls. Internal and external operational risk events are analyzed to identify
root causes and provide insights into potential new operational risks that could impact the Company. In addition, scenario analysis is
employed to identify and quantify potential severe operational risk exposures, while RFIs, risk appetite preferences, and other processes are
leveraged to measure, manage and monitor operational risks.
The Risk Function monitors the status of actions being undertaken to remediate risks to ensure that risk exposures are mitigated in a timely
manner. Processes are in place to escalate significant matters to senior management to inform and enable management to take appropriate
action when needed. The Risk Function regularly reports on the Company’s operational risk profile to executive management, the Board of
Directors and various committees at enterprise, business segment and legal entity levels.
The Company also manages operational risks through the corporate insurance program which mitigates a portion of the operational risk
exposure by purchasing insurance coverage that provides protection against unexpected material losses resulting from events such as property
loss, cyber-attack or damage and liability exposures. The nature and amount of insurance protection purchased is assessed with regard to the
Company’s risk profile, risk appetite and tolerance for the associated risks, as well as legal requirements and contractual obligations.
Operational resilience is an outcome of the application of comprehensive risk frameworks and effective management of risk and is managed
through the ability to embed capabilities, processes, and systems to successfully deliver critical operations, through disruption. Operational
resilience emphasizes preparation, response, recovery, learning, and adaptation by assuming disruptions, including simultaneous disruptions,
will occur.
Key operational risks and the Company’s approach to managing them are outlined below.
Technology Risk
Technology risk is the risk of loss from improper system or control design, improper operation, delivery of or unauthorized access to




                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
information and technology resources that can significantly impact the Company’s ability to operate efficiently, stay compliant with regulations
and maintain its financial integrity and reputation. More specifically, technology risk includes cyber and information security risk, technology
operations risk and technology delivery risk.


                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
Technology is a critical component of the Company’s business operations and is also central to the Company's customer-focused digital
strategy. The Company continues to face technology and cyber risks stemming from legacy technology constraints and the advancement of
techniques used in cyber-attacks.
The Company continues to implement new risk management processes and practices designed to allow it to better identify, measure, manage
and report on technology risk including emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, with processes and practices continuing to require
further development as technology and business needs evolve. The Company’s strategy and approach to managing technology and cyber risks
includes policies that govern the technology environment and set standards related to information security and the use of technology,
including:
•    the use of multiple layers of technologies that are designed to prevent unauthorized access, ransomware attacks, distributed denial of
     service and other cyber-attacks;
•    coordinated global and regional information security offices that gather threat intelligence, detect, monitor and respond to security events
     and conduct regular threat and vulnerability risk assessments;
•    independent oversight and assessment of the approach taken to mitigate technology and cyber risks by the Technology Risk Management
     team, an independent group that acts as the second line of defense; and
•    regular cyber security awareness sessions and mandatory cyber security training for all employees.
Business Continuity Risk
Business continuity risk is the risk of loss as a result of the failure to provide for business processes and operations under adverse conditions that
may arise from natural, technological or human caused events involving the loss of workplace, workforce, technology and supply chain outages
and disruptions. Business continuity risk also includes the risk of loss resulting from the reduction or non-availability of corporate facilities,
physical assets or physical security.
A business continuity risk management framework has been implemented to manage business continuity risks and impacts through the
development, testing, training and maintenance in four key areas: emergency response, incident management, business continuity and
technology resilience which includes disaster recovery.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   85
                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       71

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  71
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Process & Reporting Risk
                                  Process and reporting risk is the risk of loss or material misstatement resulting from inadequate or failed business processes or financial
                                  reporting. These processes include transaction processing, product development, product introduction, new business (including the
                                  distribution and sales process) and renewal (including the underwriting process), investment activities, client administration, claims and
                                  benefit payments, data aggregation and financial reporting, financial modelling and financial management. The inadequacy can arise in
                                  governance, oversight, communication or general process management.
                                  Process and reporting risk are an inherent part of doing business. The Company takes steps to manage and mitigate risks through the
                                  establishment of robust control environment for core processes.
                                  Further, the Company seeks to control processes across the value chain through automation, standardization and process improvements to
                                  prevent or reduce operational losses.
                                  Fraud Risk
                                  Fraud risk is the risk of loss resulting from acts or activities that are intended to defraud, misappropriate assets, or circumvent laws or
                                  regulations by customers, contractors or other third parties, directors, officers, employees or advisors. The fraud environment continues to
                                  intensify for financial institutions, due to increased financial pressures that may motivate and rationalize fraudulent behavior and progressively
                                  sophisticated methods of organized fraud and cyber fraud. Fraud can result in a financial loss or reputational impact to the Company and have
                                  other impacts that are detrimental to customers and other stakeholders.
                                  The Company has established a formal program with governance, principles and process requirements outlined in a Fraud Risk Management
                                  Policy and a corresponding Fraud Risk Operating Standard to prevent, detect, investigate and respond to fraud in a timely manner.
                                  Additionally, the Code of Conduct and Fraud Risk Management Policy highlight management’s commitment to acting with integrity and a
                                  strong fraud risk awareness culture.
                                  Supplier Risk
                                  Supplier risk is the risk of loss resulting from the failure to establish and manage adequate supplier arrangements, transactions or other
                                  interactions to meet the expected or contracted service level. Supplier risk is applicable to both external and internal suppliers.
                                  The Company strategically engages suppliers to maintain cost efficiency, to optimize internal resources and capital and to utilize skills,
                                  expertise and resources not otherwise available to the Company. Suppliers are engaged based on our prescribed supplier risk management




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  principles in our Supplier Risk Management Policy. The Company applies a risk management framework and risk mitigation activities needed
                                  (e.g. risk assessments, due diligence, etc.) to oversee and monitor interactions with suppliers throughout the supplier lifecycle, including how
                                  they meet standards for quality of service and protect stakeholders and the interests of the Company.

PART B
                                  Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risk
                                  Legal and regulatory risk is the risk of loss resulting from non-compliance with specific local or international rules, laws, regulations, or
                                  prescribed practices, as well as civil or criminal litigation engaged in/by the Company. As a multi-national enterprise, the Company and certain
                                  of its subsidiaries are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements in Canada, the U.S., the U.K., Ireland, Germany and other
                                  jurisdictions. These requirements cover most aspects of the Company’s operations including capital adequacy, privacy, liquidity and solvency,
                                  investments, the sale and marketing of insurance and wealth products, the business conduct of insurers, asset managers and investment
                                  advisors as well as reinsurance processes. Material changes in the legal or regulatory framework or the failure to comply with legal and
                                  regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on the Company. An increase in the pace of regulatory change could lead to increased
                                  operational costs to implement changes and ensure ongoing compliance.
                                  Legal and regulatory risk is managed through coordination between first and second line of defense functions. The Company records, manages
                                  and monitors the regulatory compliance environment closely, using the subject matter expertise of both local and enterprise-wide Compliance
                                  and Legal stakeholders and reporting on emerging changes that could have a significant impact on the Company’s operations or business.
                                  The Company is subject to the risk of litigation and regulatory action relating to its business, operations, products, securities and contractual
                                  relationships and it establishes contingency reserves for litigation that it determines are appropriate.
                                  People Risk
                                  People risk is the risk of loss resulting from the inadequate management of human capital or the misalignment of human resources policies,
                                  programs and practices with employment-related legislation, regulatory expectations or the Company’s strategic objectives, risk appetite and
                                  values. The Company has compensation programs, succession planning, talent management and employee engagement processes that are
                                  designed to manage these risks, support a high-performance culture, and maintain a highly skilled workforce that is reflective of the diverse
                                  cultures and practices of the countries in which the Company operates. The Company's ability to recognize and accommodate changing trends
                                  with respect to human resources in the industry is important to execute upon business strategies.
                                  Model Risk/End-user-computing (EUC) Risk
                                  Model / EUC risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect models or EUC’s, or misuse of their outputs and
                                  reports. Model / EUC risk can lead to financial loss, poor business and strategic decision-making, or damage to the Company’s reputation or
                                  standing due to a negative perception of the Company’s image among customers, counterparties, shareholders and/or supervisory authorities.




                                  86   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   72
                                       B  72                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


The Company has limited appetite for Model / EUC risk and prioritizes mitigation and control activities, where possible, to limit adverse
consequences arising from models or EUC’s not performing as intended, using a risk-based approach. This includes establishment of
mitigation and control activities within the model / EUC lifecycle (development, maintenance and ongoing use), establishment and periodic
refresh of model and EUC inventories within their associated risk classification structures and independent review of models and EUC’s within
their review cycles commensurate to the level of risk.

Conduct Risk
Risk Description
Conduct risk is the risk of unfair outcomes for customers as a result of inadequate or failed processes and/or inappropriate behaviours, offerings
or interactions by the Company or its agents. A failure to identify and mitigate conduct risk impacts not only the Company's customers but can
also have adverse reputational and financial consequences for the Company due to the cost of customer remediation, damage to reputation
and/or regulatory fines.
Conduct Risk Management
The Company manages conduct risk through various processes which include:
•    formalized policies, frameworks, employee training and senior management reporting;
•    providing appropriate and clear customer disclosures and communications;
•    applying product design, complaint, claims management and sales and advice processes that consider outcomes to customers and
     customer vulnerability; and
•    conducting risk-based advisor assessments and suitability reviews, maintaining controls and adhering to Board-approved policies and
     processes, including the Conduct Risk Policy and the Code of Conduct.
Conduct risk is incorporated in risk management and compliance activities, including risk and control assessments, internal events reporting,
emerging risk assessments, and other measurement, monitoring and reporting activities.

Strategic Risk
Risk Description




                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Strategic risk may reflect intentional risk-taking in anticipation or response to industry forces or it may emerge as unintended consequences
from changes to strategy, execution of strategy, or from lack of responsiveness to external forces.
Strategic risk-taking is inherent to achieving strategic objectives and arises from the fundamental decisions made and actions taken concerning

                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
an organization’s objectives. It may relate to or stem from the design and development of strategy, including the formulation, evaluation and
ongoing validation of strategy, or execution of corporate and business strategies, and management of associated risks stemming from the same.
Strategic risk is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate strategic objectives in the context of the internal and external operating environment
resulting in a material impact on business performance (e.g. earnings, capital, reputation or standing).

Strategic Risk Management
The Company’s Strategic Risk Management Framework is designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report on strategic risk, and is
supported by Policies, Standards and Guidelines for both first and second lines of defence.
Strategic risk management spans the development and refinement of strategy, the translation of strategy into tangible activities, alignment of
resources to requirements for executing the strategy, execution of strategy, and ongoing activities to monitor and adjust strategies or related
initiatives. Strategic risks are monitored at all stages of the strategy management lifecycle.
The Company aligns business strategies with its risk appetite and mitigates exposure to strategic risk through strategic planning, establishing
appropriate performance indicators, reporting of strategy execution and implementation against strategic goals and ongoing monitoring,
together with robust oversight and challenge.
The Company identifies and manages strategic risk in relation to both new and existing strategies, strategic initiatives, and any new business
development with the potential to have significant strategic impact on the business or overall portfolio. Major initiatives undergo a
comprehensive risk assessment to review alignment with risk appetite and are subject to regular and robust monitoring and oversight.

Other Risks
Sustainability Risk
Sustainability risk is the risk that the interests of the Company's customers and other stakeholders are not protected, or that business operations
and business growth are not sustained due to failure to meet societal expectations related to corporate social responsibilities.
The Company may experience direct or indirect financial, operational or reputational impacts stemming from sustainability risks, which
include climate change as well as diversity and inclusion-related matters.
Sustainability considerations are formally reflected in the Company's risk management principles and associated policies. The Company
recognizes that sustainability risk impacts both financial risks (market, credit and insurance) as well as non-financial risks (operational, conduct
and strategic). Sustainability risk is not a stand-alone risk type, but underlies all risk types. As a result, the processes for managing sustainability
risk are embedded in the processes for managing each risk type.



                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   87
                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       73

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  73
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  The Company takes a balanced and sustainable approach to conducting business. The Company has established a climate risk management
                                  policy that articulates the principles guiding the Company’s approach to climate risk and sets forth the necessary requirements for its effective
                                  management. In addition, the Company has established environmental policies and guidelines pertaining to the acquisition and ongoing
                                  management of investment properties, loans secured by real property and investments in equity and fixed-income securities.
                                  Holding Company Structure Risk
                                  As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay interest, dividends and other operating expenses and to meet its obligations generally
                                  depends upon receipt of sufficient funds from its principal subsidiaries and its ability to raise additional capital.
                                  In the event of bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of these subsidiaries, insurance and investment contract liabilities of these
                                  subsidiaries will be completely provided for before any assets of such subsidiaries are made available for distribution to the Company. In
                                  addition, the other creditors of these subsidiaries will generally be entitled to the payment of their claims before any assets are made available
                                  for distribution to the Company except to the extent that the Company is recognized as a creditor of the relevant subsidiaries.
                                  Any payment (including payment of interest and dividends) by the principal subsidiaries is subject to restrictions set forth in relevant insurance,
                                  securities, corporate and other laws and regulations, which require that solvency and capital standards be maintained by Canada Life and
                                  Empower and their subsidiaries. There are considerable risks and benefits related to this structure.
                                  Management monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity requirements at the holding company
                                  level. Management also establishes lines of credit for additional liquidity and may also access capital markets for funds. Management monitors
                                  compliance with the regulatory laws and regulations at both the holding company and operating company levels.
                                  Mergers and Acquisitions Risk
                                  Periodically, the Company and its subsidiaries evaluate existing companies, businesses, assets, products and services. Such reviews could
                                  result in the Company or its subsidiaries acquiring or divesting of businesses or assets. In the ordinary course of business, the Company
                                  considers and discusses the purchase or sale of companies, businesses segments or assets.
                                  If effected, such transactions could be material to the Company in size or scope, could result in risks and contingencies relating to companies,
                                  businesses or assets that the Company acquires or expose it to the risk of claims relating to those it has divested, could result in changes in the
                                  value of the securities of the Company, including the common shares of the Company, and could result in the Company holding additional
                                  capital for contingencies that may arise after the transaction is completed. Strategic and integration risks related to mergers and acquisitions




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  can also emerge due to external risks that are difficult to anticipate and may result in reduced synergies and negative impact on value capture.
                                  To mitigate these risks, due diligence reviews of potential transactions are undertaken, and risks are assessed in the context of our Risk Appetite.
                                  For acquisitions, an integration strategy is established that considers the values, norms, and culture of the target company, including

PART B
                                  monitoring of new and emerging risks that may impede efficiency and delay the consolidation process. Before acquiring or divesting
                                  companies, businesses, business segments, or assets, management assesses and provides assurance that systems and processes are appropriate
                                  to manage the risks after the transaction is completed, and regular monitoring and oversight of transaction activities is conducted.
                                  Tax Regime Risk
                                  The Company operates in a number of countries each with its own distinct tax regime, encompassing various levels of government and a range
                                  of tax mechanisms, such as income taxes, capital taxes, payroll taxes, value add taxes, sales taxes, etc. and further, may provide tax incentives for
                                  certain types of products (examples include support for pensions, retirement savings and life & health insurance). These jurisdictions
                                  periodically review and amend various aspects of the tax regime that can have an impact on the business of the Company.
                                  There is a risk that changes to tax rates may increase the tax expense to the Company, adversely impacting earnings. There is also a risk that a
                                  reduction or elimination in the level of tax incentives on products offered by the Company may adversely impact demand for those products.
                                  Management actively monitors changes in tax regimes in countries where it has operations and proactively responds to tax changes that may
                                  have potential impacts on its business.
                                  In December 2021, the OECD published the Pillar Two model rules outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax regime. A number
                                  of countries where the Company operates, including Ireland, Germany and the U.K., have enacted legislation, and will be effective for the
                                  Company's financial year beginning January 1, 2024. Pillar Two draft legislation in Canada and Barbados has not been substantively enacted
                                  but when enacted, is expected to be effective for the Company as of January 1, 2024. As the Company operates in certain countries with a lower
                                  tax rate than the proposed minimum, an increase in the effective tax rate is expected. Based on a preliminary assessment, the Company expects
                                  an increase in the effective income tax rate on base earnings in the 2-4% range.
                                  Refer to the "Taxes" section of this document for additional details.
                                  Product Distribution Risk
                                  Product distribution risk is the risk of loss resulting from the Company’s inability to market its products through its network of distribution
                                  channels and intermediaries. These intermediaries generally offer their clients products in addition to, and in competition with, the Company’s
                                  products, and are not obligated to continue working with the Company. In addition, certain investors rely on consultants to advise them on the
                                  choice of provider and the consultants may not always consider or recommend the Company. The loss of access to a distribution channel, the
                                  failure to maintain effective relationships with intermediaries or the failure to respond to changes in distribution channels could have a
                                  significant impact on the Company’s ability to generate sales.
                                  Product distribution risk is managed by maintaining a broad network of distribution relationships, with products distributed through numerous
                                  broker-dealers, managing general agencies, financial planners, banks and other financial institutions.

                                  88   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   74
                                        B  74                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Reputation Risk
Reputation risk is the risk of loss as a result of damage to the Company's image, brand and standing in the market due to negative public
perception. Protecting the Company's reputation is a fundamental component of our Risk Appetite Framework. Reputational impacts are
considered when assessing financial and non-financial risk.
Geopolitical Risk
Geopolitical risk is the risk of loss and uncertainty arising from political, economic and social factors on the Company's operations, investments
and financial performance across geographic regions. These risks may include changes in government policies, regulatory environments, trade
relation, civil unrest, terrorism and other geopolitical events that can affect the stability and predictability of markets in which the Company
operates. The Company continues to monitor potential impacts of recent geopolitical conflicts.

Exposures and Sensitivities
Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/morbidity,
investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy options or provisions.
When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a change in the value of liabilities which in
turn affects the Company’s earnings.
Non-Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
The earnings and CSM sensitivities illustrated in the table below represent impacts as at December 31, 2023 under the Company's current
accounting policies, including accounting for insurance contracts under IFRS 17 and financial instruments under IFRS 9. A description of the
methodologies used to calculate the Company's insurance risk sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates"
section of this document.

    Non-Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                                                        Net earnings & equity                                                CSM1
                                                       Before reinsurance             Net of reinsurance held         Before reinsurance         Net of reinsurance held
    December 31, 2023




                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    2% Life mortality increase                     $                          (100) $                    (100)    $                      (375) $                            (200)
    2% Annuity mortality decrease                                              175                        150                            (700)                              (625)


                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
    5% Morbidity adverse change                                               (150)                      (125)                           (225)                              (100)
    5% Expense increase                                                         —                          —                             (150)                              (150)
    10% Adverse change in policy
      termination and renewal                                                   50                          50                         (1,025)                              (950)


    December 31, 2022 (Restated)
    2% Life mortality increase                     $                            50 $                       25     $                      (550) $                            (325)
    2% Annuity mortality decrease                                              200                        200                            (725)                              (650)
    5% Morbidity adverse change                                                (75)                      (100)                           (275)                              (125)
    5% Expense increase                                                         —                          —                             (175)                              (175)
    10% Adverse change in policy
      termination and renewal                                                  150                        150                          (1,125)                          (1,100)

1
     The impacts to the contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.
These sensitivities reflect the impact on earnings and CSM of an immediate change in assumptions on the value of insurance and reinsurance
held contracts and investment contracts. The impact on shareholders’ equity is equal to the net earnings impact.
Under IFRS 17, assumption changes on insurance risks directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM. The impact of assumption changes
on CSM are measured at locked-in discount rates, for contracts measured under the General Measurement Model. Net earnings impacts arise
from the fair value impact of assumption changes impacting CSM, as well as assumption changes on contracts which do not have CSM
(including short term insurance contracts). The fair value impact of CSM assumption changes included in earnings is a second-order impact
which captures the present value difference between the impact of assumption changes measured at prevailing discount rates and locked-in
discount rates. In general, prevailing discount rates are currently higher than locked-in rates for the Company’s insurance contracts. Therefore,
an unfavourable change in assumptions on insurance risks, which decreases CSM, also results in a positive impact in the period due to the fair
value impact.
Concentration risk may arise from geographic regions, accumulation of risks and market risk. The concentration of insurance risk before and
after reinsurance by geographic region is described in the segmented information (note 33).




                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     89
                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis          75

                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      B  75
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                  The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a result of changes to
                                  management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to calculate the Company's financial risk
                                  sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this document. For changes in financial assumptions, the
                                  sensitivity is shown net of the corresponding impact on earnings of the change in the value of liabilities and the value of assets supporting
                                  liabilities.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated in the table
                                  below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies
                                  where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for
                                  credit risk within the IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts
                                  that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities below.

                                      Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                                                                                                 Net earnings1                          Equity1                             CSM2                      LICAT
                                                                                                                              Dec. 31                           Dec. 31
                                                                                                              Dec. 31                          Dec. 31                            Dec. 31           Dec. 31          Dec. 31
                                                                                                                               2022                              2022
                                                                                                               2023                             2023                               2023              2022             2023
                                                                                                                             (Restated)                        (Restated)
                                      Investment returns:
                                         Change in risk free interest rates
                                           50 basis points increase                                       $         175 $              75 $            150 $              50 $            175              200          0 point
                                           50 basis points decrease                                                (225)             (125)            (225)             (100)            (250)            (300)         0 point
                                        Change in credit spreads
                                           50 basis points increase                                       $         300                n/a $           350                n/a $           175               n/a               n/a
                                           50 basis points decrease                                                (375)               n/a            (450)               n/a            (250)              n/a               n/a
                                        Change in publicly traded common stock values1
                                           20% increase                                                   $         225 $             200 $            525 $             475 $            525 $            575          0 point
                                           10% increase                                                             100               100              250               225              275              275          0 point




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                           10% decrease                                                            (100)             (125)            (250)             (250)            (300)            (325)         0 point
                                           20% decrease                                                            (225)             (225)            (525)             (500)            (550)            (625)        (1 point)


PART B
                                        Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                           10% increase                                                   $         400 $            400 $             450 $            425 $               — $              —           1 point
                                             5% increase                                                            200               200              225               225                —                —              n/a
                                             5% decrease                                                           (200)             (200)            (225)             (225)               —                —              n/a
                                             10% decrease                                                          (425)             (425)            (450)             (450)               —                —         (1 point)

                                  1
                                       Subsequent to year end, on January 1, 2024, the Company sold Putnam and received shares in Franklin Templeton as part of the consideration. The net impact to shareholders’ net
                                       earnings and equity of this transaction to the values in the table above would be to increase sensitivities by $75 million for a 10% increase or decrease in the value of publicly traded
                                       stocks and increase sensitivities by $150 million for a 20% increase or decrease in the value of publicly traded stocks.
                                  2
                                       The impacts to the contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.
                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are positively impacted
                                  by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada, U.K. and the U.S., and are positively impacted by a parallel decrease in
                                  interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual
                                  impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                  Exposures to credit spread sensitivities as at December 31, 2022 are assumed to be substantially similar to the levels as shown for December 31,
                                  2023.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to the Company's
                                  ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings
                                  of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 million or a decrease of $25
                                  million post-tax, respectively. In addition, the sensitivity of the CSM of the Company to a 10 basis point in the UIR in all geographies would be
                                  an increase of $75 million or a decrease of $75 million pre-tax, respectively.
                                  Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this document for additional information on earnings
                                  sensitivities.




                                  90       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis                   76
                                           B  76                                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Accounting Policies

Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the reporting date, and the reported
amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The results of the Company reflect management's judgments regarding the
impact of prevailing market conditions related to global credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange and prevailing health and
mortality experience. The fair value of portfolio investments, the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, the valuation of insurance
contract liabilities and the recoverability of deferred tax asset carrying values reflect management’s judgement based on current expectations
but could be impacted in the future depending on current market developments.

Fair Value Measurement
Under IFRS 9, a financial asset is measured at fair value on initial recognition and is classified and subsequently measured as fair value through
profit or loss (FVTPL), fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), or amortized cost based upon the Company’s business model
for managing its assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the asset.
The Company’s business models are determined at the level that reflects how its groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve
business objectives.
Refer to note 8 in the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2023 for disclosure of the
Company's financial instruments fair value measurement by hierarchy level as at December 31, 2023.
The following is a description of the methodologies used to value instruments carried at fair value:

Bonds - FVTPL and FVOCI
Fair values for bonds measured as FVTPL or FVOCI are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily provided by third-
party independent pricing sources. Where prices are not quoted in an active market, fair values are determined by valuation models. The
Company maximizes the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The Company obtains quoted prices in active markets, when
available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure bonds at fair value in its FVTPL and FVOCI portfolios.
The Company estimates the fair value of bonds not traded in active markets by referring to actively traded securities with similar attributes,




                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodology, discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation models. This methodology considers
such factors as the issuer's industry, the security's rating, term, coupon rate and position in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as, yield
curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other relevant factors. For bonds that are not traded in active markets, valuations are adjusted to

                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
reflect illiquidity, and such adjustments generally are based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management's best
estimate is used.

Mortgages - FVTPL and FVOCI
There are no market observable prices for mortgages; therefore fair values for mortgages are determined by discounting expected future cash
flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs typically include benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads based
on current lending activities and market activity.

Equity Release Mortgages - FVTPL
There are no market observable prices for equity release mortgages; therefore an internal valuation model is used for discounting expected
future cash flows and includes consideration of the embedded no-negative equity guarantee. Inputs to the model include market observable
inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market observable inputs include property growth and volatility rates,
expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long-term care and interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no negative
equity guarantee.

Stocks - FVTPL
Fair values for stocks traded on an active market are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where it is
principally traded. Fair values for stocks for which there is no active market are typically based upon alternative valuation techniques such as
discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movement relative to the market and utilization of information provided by the underlying
investment manager. The Company maximizes the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The Company obtains quoted prices in
active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure stocks at fair value in its fair value through profit or loss
portfolio.

Goodwill and Intangibles Impairment Testing
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for impairment annually
or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets that were previously impaired are reviewed at each
reporting date for evidence of reversal. In the event that certain conditions have been met, the Company would be required to reverse the
impairment loss or a portion thereof.
Goodwill has been allocated to cash generating unit (CGU) groupings, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal
reporting purposes. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of each CGU grouping to its recoverable amount. An
impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
Intangible assets have been allocated to CGUs, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes.


                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   91
                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       77

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  77
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment. If indicators of
                                  impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and recognized as necessary. Impairment is assessed by comparing the
                                  carrying values of the assets to their recoverable amounts. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset's carrying
                                  amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                                  The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use.
                                  Finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment and assess whether the amortization
                                  periods and methods are appropriate. If indicators of impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and then the
                                  amortization of these assets is adjusted or impairment is recognized as necessary.

                                  Hedge Accounting
                                  The Company elected to continue to apply the hedge accounting principles under IAS 39 instead of those under IFRS 9. Refer to note 2 in the
                                  Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 for disclosure of the Company's policy for hedge
                                  accounting.

                                  Expected Credit Losses (ECL)
                                  Under IFRS 9, expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated as
                                  FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI. The ECL model under IFRS 9 replaces the incurred loss model under IAS 39.
                                  The Company measures loss allowances at either a 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL. A 12-month ECL results from any default events that could
                                  potentially occur within the 12 months following the reporting date. A 12-month ECL is calculated for financial assets that are determined to
                                  have low credit risk or the credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition. A lifetime ECL results from all possible default
                                  events over the expected life of the financial asset, which is the maximum contractual period over which the Company is exposed to the credit
                                  risk. A lifetime ECL is recognized for financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or when
                                  there is objective evidence of impairment.
                                  The Company monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment for significant increases in credit risk. In making this assessment, the
                                  Company considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
                                  forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
                                  The ECL allowance is based on a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses expected as a result of defaults over the relevant time period as




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  prescribed under the ECL model. The measurement of ECL for a financial asset is based primarily on the exposure at default, the probability of
                                  default, and the loss given default. The measurement of ECL allowances requires the use of judgment and assumptions.
                                  For performing financial assets, the ECL is calculated as the present value of all cash shortfalls which are the difference between cash flows due

PART B
                                  to the Company and the cash flows expected to be received. For financial assets that are impaired, the ECL is calculated as the difference
                                  between the carrying value of the asset and the present value of estimated future cash flows. Financial assets that are subject to ECL allowances
                                  are categorized into three stages:
                                  Performing financial assets that have not experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or have low credit risk are
                                  categorized into stage 1. A 12-month ECL allowance is calculated for stage 1 financial assets.
                                  Performing financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are categorized into stage 2. A
                                  lifetime ECL allowance is calculated for stage 2 financial assets.
                                  Impaired financial assets are categorized into stage 3 and require a lifetime ECL allowance.

                                  Insurance, Reinsurance Held and Investment Contract Liabilities
                                  In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of mortality/morbidity, investment
                                  returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy options or provisions. The valuation
                                  assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a risk adjustment for non-financial risk. The risk adjustment for non-
                                  financial risk represents the compensation that the Company requires for bearing uncertainty in the amount and timing of insurance contract
                                  cash flows due to non-financial risk. Risk adjustments for non-financial risk are reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.
                                  The Company measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for reinsurance held using assumptions that are consistent with
                                  those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance contracts, with an adjustment for any
                                  risk of non-performance by the reinsurer.
                                  Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discount rates derived from a reference portfolio or stochastic
                                  modeling at end of the reporting period. The Company’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that market participants would
                                  consider and make maximum use of observable market data.
                                  The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined below:
                                  Mortality – A life insurance mortality study is carried out regularly for each major block of insurance business. The results of each study are
                                  used to update the Company’s experience valuation mortality tables for that business. Annuitant mortality is also studied regularly, and the
                                  results are used to modify established annuitant mortality tables. When there is insufficient data, use is made of the latest industry experience
                                  to derive an appropriate valuation mortality assumption. Improvement scales for life insurance and annuitant mortality are updated
                                  periodically based on population and industry studies, product specific considerations, as well as professional guidance. In addition,
                                  appropriate provisions are made for future mortality deterioration on term insurance.


                                  92   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   78
                                        B  78                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Morbidity – The Company uses industry developed experience tables modified to reflect emerging Company experience. Both claim incidence
and termination are monitored regularly, and emerging experience is factored into the current valuation.
Expenses – Expenses for certain items, such as sales commissions and policy taxes and fees are either contractual or specified by law, and so
they are only reflected on a best estimate basis in the liability. Operating expenses, such as policy and claims administration as well as
overhead, are more variable. The Company produces expense studies for operating expenses regularly to determine an appropriate estimate of
future operating expenses for the liability type being valued. An inflation assumption is incorporated in the estimate of future operating
expenses held within the liability.
Policy termination – Studies to determine rates of policy termination are updated regularly to form the basis of this estimate. Industry data is
also available and is useful where the Company has no experience with specific types of policies or its exposure is limited. The Company's most
significant exposures are in respect of the T-100 and Level Cost of Insurance Universal Life products in Canada and policy renewal rates at the
end of the term for renewable term policies in Canada and Capital and Risk Solutions. Industry experience has guided the Company's
assumptions for these products as its own experience is limited.
Property and casualty reinsurance – Insurance contract liabilities for property and casualty reinsurance written by Capital and Risk Solutions
are determined using accepted actuarial practices for property and casualty insurers in Canada. The insurance contract liabilities are based on
cession statements provided by ceding companies. In addition, insurance contract liabilities also include an amount for incurred but not
reported losses, which may differ significantly from the ultimate loss development. The estimates and underlying methodology are continually
reviewed and updated and adjustments to estimates are reflected in net earnings. Capital and Risk Solutions analyzes the emergence of claims
experience against expected assumptions for each reinsurance contract separately and at the portfolio level. If necessary, a more in-depth
analysis is undertaken of the cedant experience.
Utilization of elective policy options – There are a wide range of elective options embedded in the policies issued by the Company. Examples
include term renewals, conversion to whole life insurance (term insurance), settlement annuity purchase at guaranteed rates (deposit
annuities) and guarantee re-sets (segregated fund maturity guarantees). The assumed rates of utilization are based on Company or industry
experience when it exists and otherwise based on judgement considering incentives to utilize the option. Generally, whenever it is clearly in the
best interests of an informed policyholder to utilize an option, then it is assumed to be elected.
Policyholder dividends and adjustable policy features – Future policyholder dividends and other adjustable policy features are included in
the determination of insurance contract liabilities with the assumption that policyholder dividends or adjustable benefits will change in the
future in response to the relevant experience. The dividend and policy adjustments are determined consistent with policyholders’ reasonable




                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
expectations, such expectations being influenced by the participating policyholder dividend policies and/or policyholder communications,
marketing material and past practice. It is the Company's expectation that changes will occur in policyholder dividend scales or adjustable
benefits for participating or adjustable business respectively, corresponding to changes in the best estimate assumptions, resulting in an


                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
immaterial net change in insurance contract liabilities. Where underlying guarantees may limit the ability to pass all of this experience back to
the policyholder, the impact of this non-adjustability impacting shareholders' net earnings is reflected in the impacts of changes in best
estimate assumptions above.
Investment returns – Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold. The Company utilizes a formal
process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in
each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance and investment
contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings under IFRS 17 and IFRS 9. The Company’s asset liability
management strategy uses equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads
to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of financial assets under IFRS 9, for example, mortgage assets which are
valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
A way of measuring the interest rate risk is to determine the net effect on the value of assets relative to insurance and investment contract
liabilities that impact the shareholders' net earnings of the Company from immediate change in interest rates.
In addition to interest rates, the Company is also exposed to movements in equity markets.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks and investments
in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private stocks, and equity release mortgages.
Net earnings will reflect changes in the values on non-fixed income assets. However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate
with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for other products such as segregated fund products with guarantees also fluctuate with equity values. Under current market
conditions, there are no earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business that it does not hedge, as changes in the cost of
guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with
respect to the change in liability compared to the change in hedge assets.
For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market, interest rate and other fluctuations, refer to "Financial Instruments Risk
Management" note 7 in the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   93
                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       79

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  79
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Risk Adjustment
                                  The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that the Company requires for bearing uncertainty in the amount and
                                  timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk. Non-financial risks are insurance risks such as life mortality, annuity
                                  mortality and morbidity, and other risks such as expense and lapse. The risk adjustment is calculated by applying a margin to non-financial
                                  assumptions and discounting the resulting margin cash flows at the same discount rates as the best estimate cash flows. The margins applied
                                  reflect diversification benefits across all non-financial risks. The Company’s target range for the confidence level of the risk adjustment is
                                  between the 85th and 90th percentile, and the risk adjustment is currently within the target range. The confidence level is determined on a net-
                                  of-reinsurance basis.

                                  Discount Rates
                                  The Company measures time value of money using discount rates that are consistent with observable market prices and reflect the liquidity
                                  characteristics of the insurance contracts. They exclude the effect of factors that influence such observable market prices but do not affect the
                                  future cash flows of the insurance contracts (e.g., credit risk).
                                  The Company applies the top-down approach for insurance contract liabilities with backing assets. Under this approach, discount rates are
                                  estimated by starting from the yield curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets that closely reflects the duration, currency, and liquidity
                                  characteristics of the insurance cash flows, and then excluding the effects of risks (e.g., credit risk) present in the cash flows from the financial
                                  instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but not in the insurance contracts cash flows. The allowance for credit risk in the discount
                                  rate varies depending on the credit rating, sector and term of the assets reflected in the discount rate. The allowance is estimated based on
                                  historic credit experience and prevailing market conditions. For example, if there is a significant widening of market credit spreads, an
                                  additional allowance for credit risk to reduce the discount rate may be required to reflect prevailing market conditions. The Company uses the
                                  fixed-income assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities as the reference portfolio to determine the discount rates, in the observable
                                  period, while the discount rates in the unobservable period are based on an ultimate investment rate. In situations where the fixed-income
                                  assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities do not appropriately reflect the illiquidity characteristics of the liability, an additional
                                  adjustment is made to the discount rate.
                                  In cases where there are no backing assets, the Company applies the bottom-up approach to set the discount rate. This approach uses a risk-
                                  free rate, plus a spread to reflect the liquidity characteristics of the liability. Risk-free rates are determined by reference to highly liquid
                                  government securities in the currency of the insurance contract liability, and the spread is derived from an external benchmark.
                                  The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability cash flows by




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  major currency:

                                       As at December 31, 2023                Year 1            Year 5           Year 10                Year 20                   Year 30             Year 50

PART B
                                             Lower                                      6.0 %            4.5 %           4.4 %                    4.3 %                 4.2 %                 4.5 %
                                  CAD
                                             Upper                                      6.4 %            4.9 %           4.9 %                    4.9 %                 4.8 %                 4.9 %
                                             Lower                                      5.7 %            4.8 %           4.8 %                    5.3 %                 4.9 %                 4.7 %
                                  USD
                                             Upper                                      6.1 %            5.2 %           5.3 %                    5.8 %                 5.4 %                 5.0 %
                                             Lower                                      3.2 %            2.1 %           2.2 %                    2.5 %                 2.9 %                 4.3 %
                                  EUR
                                             Upper                                      4.8 %            3.6 %           3.8 %                    4.1 %                 4.2 %                 4.5 %
                                             Lower                                      4.9 %            3.8 %           4.0 %                    4.7 %                 4.6 %                 3.7 %
                                  GBP
                                             Upper                                      5.9 %            4.8 %           5.1 %                    5.7 %                 5.6 %                 4.7 %


                                       As at December 31, 2022                 Year 1           Year 5           Year 10                 Year 20                  Year 30             Year 50
                                             Lower                                      5.9 %            4.8 %           4.8 %                    4.9 %                 4.7 %                 5.0 %
                                  CAD
                                             Upper                                      6.3 %            5.3 %           5.3 %                    5.3 %                 5.2 %                 5.1 %
                                             Lower                                      5.9 %            5.3 %           5.1 %                    5.6 %                 5.2 %                 4.9 %
                                  USD
                                             Upper                                      6.3 %            5.7 %           5.5 %                    6.0 %                 5.6 %                 5.0 %
                                             Lower                                      2.5 %            2.8 %           2.8 %                    2.9 %                 3.1 %                 4.3 %
                                  EUR
                                             Upper                                      4.2 %            4.5 %           4.5 %                    4.6 %                 4.5 %                 4.6 %
                                             Lower                                      4.0 %            4.2 %           4.3 %                    4.6 %                 4.4 %                 3.8 %
                                  GBP
                                             Upper                                      5.3 %            5.4 %           5.5 %                    5.9 %                 5.7 %                 5.1 %

                                  The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When interest rates are
                                  not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free rate and illiquidity premium. These
                                  amounts are set based on historical data.



                                  94     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis      80
                                          B  80                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Income Taxes
The Company is subject to income tax laws in various jurisdictions. The Company’s operations are complex and related income tax
interpretations, regulations and legislation that pertain to its activities are subject to continual change. As life insurance companies, the
Company's primary Canadian operating subsidiaries are subject to a regime of specialized rules prescribed under the Income Tax Act (Canada)
for purposes of determining the amount of the companies' income that will be subject to tax in Canada.
Tax planning strategies to obtain tax efficiencies are used. The Company continually assesses the uncertainty associated with these strategies
and holds an appropriate level of provisions for uncertain income tax positions. Accordingly, the provision for income taxes represents
management’s interpretation of the relevant income tax laws and its estimate of current and deferred income tax balances for the period.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on expected future income tax rates and management’s assumptions regarding
the expected timing of the reversal of temporary differences. The Company has substantial deferred income tax assets. The recognition of
deferred income tax assets depends on management's assumption that future earnings will be sufficient to realize the deferred benefit. The
amount of the asset recorded is based on management's best estimate of the realization of the asset.
The audit and review activities of tax authorities may affect the ultimate determination of the amounts of income taxes payable or receivable,
deferred income tax assets or liabilities and income tax expense. Therefore, there can be no assurance that income taxes will be payable as
anticipated and/or the amount and timing of receipt or use of the income tax related assets will be as currently expected. Management’s
experience indicates the taxation authorities are more aggressively pursuing perceived income tax issues and have increased the resources they
put to these efforts.

Employee Future Benefits
The Company’s subsidiaries maintain contributory and non-contributory defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans for eligible
employees and advisors. The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average pay; however, these
plans are closed to new entrants. Many of the subsidiaries' defined benefit pension plans also no longer provide future defined benefit accruals.
The Company's defined benefit plan exposure is expected to reduce in future years. Where defined benefit pension accruals continue, active
plan participants share in the cost of benefits through employee contributions in respect of current service. Certain pension payments are
indexed on either an ad hoc basis or a guaranteed basis. The determination of the defined benefit obligation reflects pension benefits in
accordance with the terms of the plans. Assets supporting the funded pension plans are held in separate trusteed pension funds. Obligations
for the wholly unfunded plans are included in other liabilities and are supported by general assets. New hires and active plan participants in
defined benefit plans closed to future defined benefit accruals are eligible for defined contribution benefits. The defined contribution pension




                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
plans provide pension benefits based on accumulated employee and employer contributions. The Company’s subsidiaries also provide post-
employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their dependents. These plans are also closed to new
entrants. For further information on the pension plans and other post-employment benefits refer to note 26 in the Company's December 31,
2023 annual consolidated financial statements.
For the defined benefit plans, service costs and net interest costs are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Service costs                                           PART B
include current service cost, administration expenses, past service costs and the impact of curtailments and settlements. Re-measurements of
the defined benefit liability (asset) due to asset returns less (greater) than interest income, actuarial losses (gains) and changes in the asset
ceiling are recognized immediately in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.
Accounting for defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefits requires estimates of expected increases in compensation levels,
indexation of certain pension payments, trends in health-care costs, the period of time over which benefits will be paid, as well as the
appropriate discount rates for past and future service liabilities. These assumptions are determined by management using actuarial methods,
and are reviewed and approved annually. Emerging experience that differs from the assumptions will be revealed in future valuations and will
affect the future financial position of the plans and net periodic benefit costs.




                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   95
                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       81

                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  81
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                      Actuarial assumptions - employee future benefits
                                      At December 31
                                                                                                                                        Defined benefit                       Other post-employment
                                                                                                                                         pension plans                               benefits
                                                                                                                                    2023                   2022                2023              2022
                                      Actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit cost
                                         Discount rate - past service liabilities                                                         5.0%                   2.6%              5.3 %                3.1%
                                         Discount rate - future service liabilities                                                       5.3%                   3.3%              5.4 %                3.0%
                                         Rate of compensation increase                                                                    3.8%                   3.1%                 —                 —
                                         Future pension increases1                                                                        2.3%                   1.7%                 —                 —

                                      Actuarial assumptions used to determine defined benefit obligation
                                         Discount rate - past service liabilities                                                         4.4%                   5.0%              4.7 %                5.3%
                                         Rate of compensation increase                                                                    3.4%                   3.8%               —                    —
                                         Future pension increases1                                                                        2.1%                   2.3%               —                    —

                                      Medical cost trend rates
                                        Initial medical cost trend rate                                                                                                            4.7 %                4.8%
                                        Ultimate medical cost trend rate                                                                                                           4.1 %                4.1%
                                        Year ultimate trend rate is reached                                                                                                        2039                 2039

                                  1
                                       Represents the weighted average of plans subject to future pension increases.
                                  Actuarial assumptions – The period of time over which benefits are assumed to be paid is based on best estimates of future mortality, including
                                  allowances for mortality improvements. This estimate is subject to considerable uncertainty, and judgment is required in establishing this
                                  assumption. As mortality assumptions are significant in measuring the defined benefit obligation, the mortality assumptions applied by the
                                  Company take into consideration such factors as age, gender and geographic location, in addition to an estimation of future improvements in




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  longevity.
                                  The mortality tables are reviewed at least annually, and assumptions are in accordance with accepted actuarial practices. Emerging plan
                                  experience is reviewed and considered in establishing the best estimate for future mortality.

PART B
                                  As these assumptions relate to factors that are long-term in nature, they are subject to a degree of uncertainty. Differences between actual
                                  experience and the assumptions, as well as changes in the assumptions resulting from changes in future expectations, result in increases or
                                  decreases in the pension and post-employment benefits expense and defined benefit obligation in future years. There is no assurance that the
                                  plans will be able to earn assumed rates of return, and market driven changes to assumptions could impact future contributions and expenses.
                                  The following table indicates the impact of changes to certain key assumptions related to pension and post-employment benefits.

                                      Impact of a change of 1.0% in actuarial assumptions on defined benefit obligation1

                                                                                                                                        1% increase                               1% decrease
                                                                                                                                    2023           2022                        2023         2022
                                      Defined benefit pension plans:
                                      Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                $              (771) $               (733) $              972 $             926
                                      Impact of a change to the rate of compensation increase                                                173                   173                (157)             (156)
                                      Impact of a change to the rate of inflation                                                            346                   340                (313)             (299)

                                      Other post-employment benefits:
                                      Impact of a change to assumed medical cost trend rates                                 $                14 $                   14 $              (12) $            (12)
                                      Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                                (22)                   (22)                26                25

                                  1
                                       To measure the impact of a change in an assumption, all other assumptions were held constant. It is expected that there would be interaction between at least some of the
                                       assumptions.

                                  Funding – The Company’s subsidiaries have both funded and unfunded pension plans as well as other post-employment benefit plans that are
                                  unfunded. The Company’s subsidiaries' funded pension plans are funded to or above the amounts required by relevant legislation. During the
                                  year, the Company's subsidiaries contributed $283 million ($293 million in 2022) to the pension plans and made benefit payments of $18
                                  million ($18 million in 2022) for post-employment benefits. The Company's subsidiaries expect to contribute $206 million to the pension plans
                                  and make benefit payments of $19 million for post-employment benefits in 2024.
                                  International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  Due to the evolving nature of IFRS, there are a number of IFRS changes impacting the Company in 2023, as well as standards that could impact
                                  the Company in future reporting periods. The Company actively monitors future IFRS changes proposed by the International Accounting
                                  Standards Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the Company's results or operations.

                                  96      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis        82
                                           B  82                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9
The Company has adopted IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) replacing IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 4) effective January 1, 2023. IFRS
17 establishes principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. Under IFRS 17, groups of
contracts are measured at the estimate of the present value of fulfilment cash flows, adjusted for an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial
risk and the Contractual Service Margin (CSM). While the new standard changes the measurement and timing of recognition of insurance
contracts and the corresponding presentation and disclosures in the Company's financial statements, it does not have a material impact on the
Company or change the Company's underlying business strategy.
The impacts of the adoption of IFRS 17 include:
•       January 1, 2022 shareholders' equity decreased by approximately 12% on the adoption of IFRS 17 on January 1, 2023 in line with original
        expectations, primarily due to the establishment of the contractual service margin (CSM), partially offset by the removal of provisions no
        longer required under IFRS 17.
•       The CSM established for in-force contracts as at January 1, 2022 was $5.9 billion associated with the shareholders’ account and $2.6 billion
        associated with the participating account. This does not include the CSM on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a
        material impact on capital or opening equity.
•       1.8% decrease in base earnings8 as a result of transition with no material change to the pattern of base earnings and approximately 70% of
        business experienced limited or no impacts; however, there is an expected increase in net earnings volatility driven by the removal of the
        direct link between asset and liability measurement that existed under the Canadian Asset Liability Matching (CALM) process under IFRS
        4. In addition, changes to the base earnings definition to exclude the amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
        accounted for a 4.0% increase in base earnings for an overall net increase of 2.2%.
•       Medium-term financial objectives for base EPS9 growth and base dividend payout ratio remain unchanged, while medium-term financial
        objective for base ROE is increased by 2% to 16-17% reflecting the change in shareholders' equity.
•       Financial strength has been maintained with a positive impact of approximately 10 points to the December 31, 2022 proforma Canada Life
        consolidated LICAT Ratio as a result of the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9. Tier 1 available capital under the 2023 LICAT Guideline
        includes the CSM, other than the CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees.
The Company has also adopted IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9) replacing IAS 39, Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement




                                                                                                                                                                                           GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
effective January 1, 2023. IFRS 9 provides changes to financial instruments accounting for the following: classification and measurement of
financial instruments based on a business model approach for managing financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the
financial asset; impairment based on an expected loss model; and hedge accounting that incorporates the risk management practices of an
entity. The adoption of IFRS 9 has not resulted in a material change in assets, liabilities and earnings.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
The Company elected to present comparative information for its financial assets as if the classification and measurement requirements of IFRS
9 had been applied in the comparative period (IFRS 9 overlay), as permitted by the amendment to IFRS 17 published by the IASB in December
2021. Differences in asset classification under IAS 39 at December 31, 2022 and IFRS 9 at January 1, 2023 are outlined below.

    Transition to IFRS 9                                                                                       Classification
                                                                                     IAS 39                                                         IFRS 9
    Financial Assets
    Bonds
                                                                            FVTPL (designated)                                              FVTPL (designated)
                                                                            FVTPL (designated)                                                   FVOCI1
                                                                             FVTPL (classified)                                             FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                          Available-for-Sale (AFS)                                          FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                    AFS                                                          FVOCI1
                                                                         Loans & Receivables (L&R)                                          FVTPL (designated)
                                                                                    L&R                                                          FVOCI1
                                                                                    L&R                                                      Amortized Cost1
    Mortgage loans
                                                                              FVTPL (designated)                                            FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                     AFS                                                    FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                     L&R                                                    FVTPL (designated)
                                                                                     L&R                                                         FVOCI1
                                                                                     L&R                                                     Amortized Cost1
    Stocks
                                                                              FVTPL (designated)                                             FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                     AFS                                                     FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                 AFS, at cost                                                FVTPL (mandatory)
1
     Under IFRS 9, allowances for expected credit loss (ECL) are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated as FVTPL and equity securities
     designated as FVOCI.

8
    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
9
    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     97
                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis             83

                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              B  83
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  The transition from IAS 39 to IFRS 9 results in a significantly larger portion of the Company's bond and mortgage portfolios being measured at
                                  fair value under IFRS 9. Based on January 1, 2023 balances, the transition to IFRS 9 leads to 100% of the bond portfolio and 89% of the mortgage
                                  portfolio being measured at fair value, compared to 79% and 9%, respectively, under IAS 39 which is expected to result in greater net earnings
                                  volatility.
                                  Transitional Impact on Equity
                                  The resulting changes in accounting policies from the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 had an impact on the Company's opening equity
                                  balances.
                                  The adoption of IFRS 17 and the IFRS 9 overlay resulted in an overall reduction to total assets of $13.6 billion, total liabilities of $10.2 billion, and
                                  total equity of $3.4 billion on the transition balance sheet as at January 1, 2022.
                                  Asset and liability reclassifications were driven by changes to the groupings of certain assets and liabilities. Significant reclassifications included
                                  $8.3 billion of loans to policyholders, $7.9 billion of funds held by ceding insurers, and $1.9 billion of premiums in the course of collection
                                  reclassified to insurance contract liabilities. In addition, $40.5 billion of insurance contract liabilities were reclassified to investment contract
                                  liabilities, and insurance contract assets of $1.5 billion and reinsurance contract held liabilities of $1.3 billion were established. The
                                  presentation of liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders was separated between insurance and investment contract liabilities.
                                  IFRS 9 adjustments primarily resulted in an increase to total assets of $2.6 billion due to a change in designation of certain bonds and mortgages
                                  held at amortized cost under IAS 39 to FVTPL under IFRS 9.
                                  IFRS 17 adjustments mainly resulted in an increase to insurance contract liabilities of $6.8 billion, which is primarily the result of the
                                  establishment of CSM for in-force contracts of $5.9 billion associated with the shareholders' account and $2.6 billion associated with the
                                  participating account, partially offset by the transition of risk adjustments from IFRS 4 to IFRS 17 of $2.0 billion. This does not include the CSM
                                  on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a material impact on capital.
                                  Total equity decreased by $3.4 billion, split $3.1 billion for the shareholders' account accumulated surplus, $0.2 billion for the participating
                                  account surplus, and $0.1 billion for accumulated other comprehensive income.
                                  Shareholders’ account accumulated surplus decreased by $3.1 billion primarily due to the establishment of the CSM of $6.3 billion and the
                                  adjustment for differences in the discount rate of $1.9 billion, offset by increases due to the transition of risk adjustments from IFRS 4 to IFRS 17
                                  of $2.0 billion and the impact of the initial application of the IFRS 9 overlay of $2.2 billion. All other impacts, including taxes, adjustments for
                                  non-attributable expenses and from reclassifications totaled an increase of $0.9 billion.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The participating account surplus decrease of $0.2 billion was due to the impact of the initial application of IFRS 17 of $0.7 billion offset by the
                                  impact of the application of the IFRS 9 overlay of $0.5 billion.


PART B
                                  Accumulated other comprehensive income decreased by $0.1 billion due to the impact of the application of the IFRS 9 overlay.

                                  Observations from 2022 Restated Comparative Results
                                  The adoption of IFRS 17 led to a 1.8% decrease in base earnings with approximately 70% of business experiencing limited or no change in
                                  earnings. For businesses more impacted by IFRS 17, the main drivers of the change in earnings relate to the introduction of the contractual
                                  service margin (CSM) and the removal of the direct link between assets and liabilities.
                                  The CSM leads to more stable insurance results as gains on new business, certain non-financial experience (e.g., longevity) and non-financial
                                  assumption changes are recognized in the CSM, to the extent possible, and then recognized into earnings as services are provided over the life
                                  of the insurance contract. However, certain non-financial experience (e.g., mortality impact on life insurance contracts) is immediately
                                  recognized in base earnings. This can lead to a difference in the base earnings recognition while not impacting Canada Life's regulatory capital
                                  (LICAT) position. Canada Life's diverse portfolio continues to minimize the impact on capital from changes in mortality as the increased CSM
                                  balances on the longevity blocks provide an increase to Tier 1 available capital for LICAT which mitigates the immediate earnings recognition
                                  on the mortality blocks. This capital treatment is more reflective that the underlying economics of these blocks of business have not changed,
                                  rather only the timing of how experience is reflected in earnings has changed.
                                  The removal of the direct link between assets and liabilities led to a modest decrease in base earnings as the impact of trading activity on certain
                                  lines of business is deferred rather than immediately reflected into earnings. The Company elected to use a top-down, own assets reference
                                  portfolio approach to set liability discount rates for fulfillment cashflows for most portfolios of business. For other lines of business, as the
                                  Company rebalances fixed income investments within the reference portfolio, this can change the top-down discount rates used to measure
                                  insurance contract liabilities which leads to trading activity being recognized in earnings immediately.
                                  There is also greater net earnings volatility under IFRS 17 due to the removal of the direct link between assets and liabilities resulting in
                                  differences in the change in liabilities compared to the change in supporting assets. The Company reviewed its asset liability management and
                                  accounting policy decisions with the transition to IFRS 17, with the focus of maintaining Canada Life's regulatory capital (LICAT) stability.
                                  •    For example, in instances where investment strategy uses equities or other non-fixed income (NFI) assets, or mortgage assets which are
                                       valued at amortized cost, as a component of general fund assets supporting liabilities, interest rate exposure arises in the net earnings
                                       under IFRS 17. However, this additional net earnings volatility offsets other LICAT impacts leading to greater LICAT stability.
                                  •    As equity and real estate markets move up or down, the change in the asset carrying values (marked-to-market movements) are now
                                       recognized in earnings as opposed to being offset in the CALM process under IFRS 4. However, this additional net earnings volatility leads
                                       to a limited LICAT impact due to the limited use of NFI assets.




                                  98   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   84
                                        B  84                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Over the 2022 comparative period, the Company observed the following key items:
•    A 1.8% decrease in base earnings with approximately 70% of business experience limited or no change in earnings. This decrease was
     driven by deferral of new business gains and certain trading activity, partially offset by higher in-force earnings driven by the CSM
     amortization and deferral of certain non-financial experience.
•    An increase in net earnings volatility due to market experience that was a result of the heightened market volatility within 2022; however,
     the Company’s financial strength and the Canada Life proforma LICAT ratio was stable over 2022.
For a further description of accounting policies, including future accounting standard changes, refer to note 2 of the Company's annual
consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2023.
Other Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, IAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in
Accounting Estimates and Errors and IAS 12, Income Taxes effective January 1, 2023. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material
impact on the Company’s financial statements.
The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12, Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception to recognizing and
disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules published by the Organization for Economic
Co-operation and Development (OECD).
For additional detail, refer to notes 2 and 3 of the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the period ended December 31, 2023.

New Standard                                 Summary of Future Changes
IFRS 16 – Leases                             In September 2022, the IASB published Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback, amendments to IFRS
                                             16, Leases. The amendments clarify that in a sale and leaseback transaction, the seller-lessee cannot
                                             recognize a gain or loss on the subsequent measurement of the lease liability related to the right of use
                                             it retains.

                                             These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024,
                                             with earlier application permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact on its
                                             consolidated financial statements as a result of these amendments.




                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
IAS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and          In May 2023, the IASB published amendments to IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7,
IFRS 7 – Financial Instruments:              Financial Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments require an entity to provide additional
Disclosures                                  disclosures about its supplier finance arrangements.


                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
                                             These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024,
                                             with earlier application permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact on its
                                             consolidated financial statements as a result of these amendments.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   99
                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis       85

                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  85
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Other Information

                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  Non-GAAP Financial Measures
                                  The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each of its business
                                  units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is presented other than in accordance
                                  with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial
                                  statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a
                                  standardized meaning under GAAP and may not be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find
                                  these financial measures useful in understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.

                                  Base earnings (loss)
                                  Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure to
                                  understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                                  Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from IFRS reported net earnings:
                                  •     Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                  •     Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                  •     Business transformation impacts which include acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;
                                  •     Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income tax rate changes and
                                        other tax impairments, net gains, losses or costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from
                                        discontinued operations; and
                                  •     Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.
                                  The definition of base earnings (loss) has been refined (in 2023 and applied to 2022 comparative results) to also exclude the following impacts
                                  that are included in IFRS reported net earnings for an improved representation of the Company's underlying business performance, as well as




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  for consistency and comparability with financial services industry peers:
                                  •     Realized gains (losses) on the sale of assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI);
                                  •     The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities; and

PART B                            •     Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets.




                                  100   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   86
                                        B  86                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


    LLifeco
                                                                                                                                                          For the twelve months
                                                                                               For the three months ended                                          ended
                                                                                                                                   Dec. 31                                         Dec. 31
                                                                                         Dec. 31              Sept. 30              2022                   Dec. 31                  2022
    g                                                                                     2023                 2023               (Restated)                2023                  (Restated)
    sBase earnings                                                                  $             971 $                950 $                 894      $           3,667 $               3,318
    g
    sItems excluded from Lifeco base earnings
         x
        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)
         )                                                                          $            (351) $               191 $                (393)     $            (461) $                 851
              i
            Income tax (expense) benefit
              t                                                                                   138                  (38)                     7                   154                   (321)
       Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-tax)                               —                    —                     —                   (158)                       —
              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          —                    —                     —                      37                       —
      a
      xAssumption changes and management actions
      ) (pre-tax)1                                                                                 (28)               (125)                  (21)                  (149)                    39
             i
           Income tax (expense) benefit1
             t                                                                                    111                    19                   16                    129                         8
       Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1,2,3                                            (137)                 (33)                  (73)                  (340)                  (271)
              Income tax (expense) benefit1,2,3                                                     70                     8                  12                    118                     67
       Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
         (pre-tax)2                                                                                (42)                (48)                  (36)                  (182)                  (167)
              Income tax (expense) benefit2                                                         11                   12                     9                     47                    41
        e
        se legislative changes impact (pre-tax)2
      Tax                                                                                           —                    —                    —                       —                     —
    n    s Income tax (expense) benefit2                                                            —                    —                    63                      —                     63
    g Total pre-tax items excluded from base
                   3
    s    xearnings                                                                  $            (558) $                (15) $              (523)     $          (1,290) $                 452
       Impact of items excluded from base earnings on income
         e




                                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
         staxes3                                                                                  330                      1                 107                    485                   (142)
     Net earnings from continuing operations                        $                             743 $                936 $                 478      $           2,862 $               3,628
              i
                                                                  2
    r  Net earnings
              t     (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                                   (3)                (31)                 (26)                  (124)                   (32)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
    sNet earnings - common shareholders                             $                             740 $                905 $                 452      $           2,738 $               3,596

1
     Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain assumption changes and management actions and business transformation impacts has been modified to reflect current
     presentation and comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 have been restated, as applicable.
2
     Included in other non-market related impacts.
3
     Comparative results are restated to reclassify divestiture costs related to the sale of Putnam Investments to net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax).

    Canada
                                                                                                                                                          For the twelve months
                                                                                                For the three months ended                                         ended
                                                                                                                                   Dec. 31                                         Dec. 31
                                                                                          Dec. 31             Sept. 30              2022                   Dec. 31                  2022
                                                                                           2023                2023               (Restated)                2023                  (Restated)
    Base earnings                                                                    $             301 $                296 $                260      $           1,158 $               1,164


    Items excluded from base earnings
       Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                          $            (162) $               204 $                  78     $            (197) $                 241
              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          48                   (57)                 (17)                    58                  (105)
       Assumption changes and management actions
         (pre-tax)                                                                                  (22)                 (34)                 (37)                   (52)                   85
              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            5                   10                   10                     14                        2
                                                           1
       Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                                     (5)                  (1)                  —                       (9)                     —
              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                           2                   —                    —                       3                       —
       Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
         (pre-tax)1                                                                                  (2)                  (6)                   (7)                  (20)                  (26)
              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                          1                    2                    2                       6                        7
       Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)1                                                     —                    —                    —                      —                        —
              Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                          —                    —                    63                     —                     63
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                               $             166 $                414 $                352      $             961 $               1,431

1
     Included in other non-market related impacts.

                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report           101
                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis                   87

                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                      B  87
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                      United States
                                                                                                                                                                                            For the twelve months
                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended                                          ended
                                                                                                                                                                     Dec. 31                                     Dec. 31
                                                                                                                           Dec. 31              Sept. 30              2022                  Dec. 31               2022
                                                                                                                            2023                 2023               (Restated)               2023               (Restated)
                                      Base earnings                                                                   $             261 $                262 $                 215      $          1,006 $              737


                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                          $              (13) $                27 $                  —      $                5 $             (25)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            4                    (5)                  —                      (1)                  3
                                                                                            1,2
                                        Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)                                                    (52)                  (18)                 (43)                 (191)             (226)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1,2                                                        20                     5                  11                     54                66
                                        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                          (pre-tax)1                                                                                 (35)                  (36)                 (21)                 (140)             (122)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                           9                     9                    6                    36                31
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations                                         $             194 $                244 $                 168      $             769 $             464
                                        Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)2                                 (3)                 (31)                  (26)                  (124)              (32)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                              $             191 $                213 $                 142      $             645 $             432

                                  1
                                      Included in other non-market related impacts.
                                  2
                                      Comparative results of are restated to reclassify divestiture costs related to the sale of Putnam Investments to net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax).


                                      Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                            For the twelve months
                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended                                          ended




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                     Dec. 31                                     Dec. 31
                                                                                                                           Dec. 31              Sept. 30              2022                  Dec. 31               2022
                                                                                                                            2023                 2023               (Restated)               2023               (Restated)


PART B
                                      Base earnings                                                                   $             213 $                206 $                 256      $             777 $             845

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                          $            (114) $               (152) $              (268)     $            (321) $            560
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           54                   24                     6                    78              (128)
                                        Realized OCI gains / (losses) from asset rebalancing (pre-tax)                                —                    —                     —                   (158)                   —
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            —                    —                     —                     37                    —
                                        Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)1                                          (6)                  (45)                 11                    (46)               (16)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1                                                        106                      8                    6                   113                    1
                                        Business transformation impacts (pre-tax)1,2                                                 (80)                  (14)                 (30)                 (140)               (45)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit1,2                                                        48                     3                    1                    61                    1
                                        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles
                                          (pre-tax)2                                                                                  (5)                   (6)                  (8)                  (22)               (19)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit2                                                           1                     1                    1                      5                   3
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                       $             217 $                  25 $                 (25)    $             384 $           1,202

                                  1
                                      Following internal reviews, the mapping of certain assumption changes and management actions and business transformation impacts has been modified to reflect current
                                      presentation and comparative results for the periods ended December 31, 2022 have been restated, as applicable.
                                  2
                                      Included in other non-market related impacts.




                                  102    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis               88
                                          B  88                                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


    Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                        For the twelve months
                                                                                             For the three months ended                                          ended
                                                                                                                                  Dec. 31                                   Dec. 31
                                                                                        Dec. 31             Sept. 30               2022                 Dec. 31              2022
                                                                                         2023                2023                (Restated)              2023              (Restated)
    Base earnings                                                                  $           236 $                 198 $                 181     $              794 $             598


    Items excluded from base earnings
       Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                        $              (50) $             112 $                 (201)   $               75 $              54
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            29                  —                     18                    13               (85)
       Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                         —                  (46)                    5                   (51)              (30)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           —                      1                    —                    2                     5
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                             $           215 $                 265 $                    3    $              833 $             542

    Lifeco Corporate
                                                                                                                                                        For the twelve months
                                                                                             For the three months ended                                          ended
                                                                                                                                  Dec. 31                                   Dec. 31
                                                                                        Dec. 31             Sept. 30               2022                 Dec. 31              2022
                                                                                         2023                2023                (Restated)              2023              (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)                                                            $             (40) $                (12) $              (18) $                (68) $            (26)

    Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
       Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                         $             (12) $                — $                   (2) $               (23) $                21
             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           3                   —                     —                    6                    (6)




                                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                       $             (49) $                (12) $              (20) $                (85) $            (11)

Base earnings - insurance service result

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B
Represents the profit earned from providing insurance coverage and comprises the expected insurance earnings, impacts of new insurance
business written and insurance experience gains and losses for the Company's insurance businesses. This metric is presented on a common
shareholders' basis by removing the participating account results.

Base earnings - net investment result
Represents the difference between management’s expected return on assets backing insurance contract liabilities and the unwinding of
discount rates used to measure corresponding insurance contract liabilities. Includes the release of credit provisions into profit and the impact
of credit experience for the period as well as the impact of certain trading activity on fixed income assets and non-directly attributable
investment expenses. Additionally, includes expected investment income on surplus assets net of associated investment expenses. This metric
is presented on a common shareholders' basis by removing the participating account results. This measure removes spread income earned on
certain investment products which represents the difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients.

Assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA)
Assets under management and assets under administration are non-GAAP measures that provide an indicator of the size and volume of the
Company's overall business. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered
when comparing volumes, size and trends.
Total assets under administration includes total assets per financial statements, proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets and other
assets under administration.
    Lifeco
                                                                                                                                                                            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                 Dec. 31               Sept. 30              2022
                                                                                                                                  2023                  2023               (Restated)
    Total assets per financial statements1                                                                                $         713,230 $             680,010 $            672,206
      Continuing operations - other AUM                                                                                             220,578               199,821              182,288
      Discontinued operations - other AUM                                                                                           161,566               153,026              149,446
    Total AUM1                                                                                                            $       1,095,374 $           1,032,857 $          1,003,940
      Other AUA                                                                                                                   1,757,166             1,595,507            1,464,523
    Total AUA1                                                                                                            $       2,852,540 $           2,628,364 $          2,468,463
1
     Figures include assets held for sale and other AUM related to the discontinued operations of Putnam Investments.




                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report       103
                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis              89

                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B  89
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Canada
                                                                                                                                                             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                       Dec. 31            Sept. 30            2022
                                                                                                                        2023               2023             (Restated)
                                   Canada wealth fee business AUA
                                        Segregated fund assets                                                    $         101,250 $         95,229 $               93,816
                                        Other AUM                                                                            13,056            7,460                  4,057
                                        Wealth fee business other AUA                                                        53,490           25,559                 23,975
                                   Total Canada wealth fee business AUA                                           $         167,796 $        128,248 $              121,848


                                        Add: Other balance sheet assets                                           $         102,534 $         96,608 $               96,433
                                        Add: Other AUA                                                                        2,145            2,200                  2,369


                                        Consolidated Canada balance sheet assets                                  $         203,784 $        191,837 $              190,249
                                        Consolidated Canada other AUM                                                        13,056            7,460                  4,057
                                        Consolidated Canada other AUA                                                        55,635           27,759                 26,344
                                   Total Canada AUA                                                               $         272,475 $        227,056 $              220,650

                                  United States
                                                                                                                                                             Dec. 31
                                                                                                                       Dec. 31            Sept. 30            2022
                                                                                                                        2023               2023             (Restated)
                                   Empower AUA
                                          General account                                                         $         88,487 $          92,440              99,839
                                          Segregated funds                                                                 175,499           167,055             166,274




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                          Other AUM                                                                        100,806            94,171              84,653
                                          Other AUA                                                                      1,689,455         1,556,169           1,426,834
                                   Empower AUA                                                                    $      2,054,247 $       1,909,835 $         1,777,600

PART B                             PanAgora - other AUM                                                           $          43,190 $         41,890 $               43,039
                                   Discontinued operations - other AUM                                                      194,145          184,428                179,324

                                   Subtotal                                                                       $      2,291,582 $       2,136,153 $         1,999,963

                                        Add: Other AUM consolidated adjustment                                    $         (32,579) $        (31,402) $            (29,878)
                                        Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                       41,844          37,453                 30,088

                                        Consolidated United States balance sheet assets                           $        305,829 $         296,948 $           296,201
                                        Consolidated United States other AUM                                               305,563           289,087             277,138
                                        Consolidated United States other AUA                                             1,689,455         1,556,169           1,426,834
                                  Total United States AUA                                                         $      2,300,847 $       2,142,204 $         2,000,173




                                  104     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis         90
                                          B  90                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Europe
                                                                                                                                                   Dec. 31
                                                                                                          Dec. 31             Sept. 30              2022
                                                                                                           2023                2023               (Restated)
    Europe wealth and investment only AUA
     Segregated fund assets                                                                          $        141,936 $            133,838 $              127,792
     Other AUM                                                                                                 63,525               56,300                 50,539
     Other AUA                                                                                                  12,076              11,579                 11,345
    Total Europe wealth and investment only AUA                                                      $        217,537 $            201,717 $              189,676

     Add: Other balance sheet assets                                                                 $          52,593 $            48,904 $               48,989

     Consolidated Europe balance sheet assets                                                        $        194,529 $            182,742 $              176,781
     Consolidated Europe other AUM                                                                             63,525               56,300                 50,539
     Consolidated Europe other AUA                                                                             12,076               11,579                 11,345
Total Europe AUA                                                                                     $        270,130 $            250,621 $              238,665

Non-GAAP Ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not disclosed in the financial
statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components. These financial measures do not have a
standardized definition under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other issuers.
The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings (loss) reflect
management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure to understand the underlying
business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
•      Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).




                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•      Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares outstanding for the
       period.


                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
•      Base earnings per share (diluted) - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares outstanding
       on a diluted basis for the period.
•      Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common shareholders' equity over the
       trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
•      Cost of management ratio - Compares the amount paid by the Company to compensate its Named Executive Officers (NEOs) relative to
       the Company’s base earnings for the same period. Calculated by dividing total annual compensation paid to NEOs (as disclosed in the
       Executive Compensation section of the Company’s management proxy circular) by base earnings for the year.
•      Effective income tax rate - base earnings - common shareholders - Calculated by adjusting the Company's reported income taxes and
       net earnings before income taxes attributable to common shareholders to remove the impact of items excluded from base earnings, to
       calculate the effective tax rates for common shareholders.
•      Price/base earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its base earnings per share on a trailing four quarter basis.

Glossary
•      Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies and assumptions used in
       the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment contract liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by
       management in the current reporting period which include, but are not limited to, changes in in-force product features (including prices),
       and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force business. Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base
       earnings.
•      Business transformation impacts - Business transformation impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as restructuring and
       integration costs.
•      Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Lifeco's common shareholders' equity by the number of common
       shares outstanding at the end of the period.
•      Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Lifeco's balance sheet: share capital -
       common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
•      Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common shareholders.




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    105
                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis         91

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  91
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  •     Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Lifeco's earnings and is a
                                        consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents net earnings attributable to common
                                        shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded from base earnings. For base insurance service result, the
                                        DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings, the impact of new business and experience gains and losses. For base net
                                        investment result, the DOE view provides detail on expected investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on
                                        surplus. Base other income and expenses are presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income,
                                        non-directly attributable and other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred dividends and other
                                        items.
                                  •     Financial leverage ratio - Defined as debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated capitalization. The
                                        denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the denominator, other than CSM associated with segregated
                                        fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT.
                                  •     Group life and health book premiums - For group life and health insurance, this measure represents the value of in-force premiums at
                                        the end of the reporting period.
                                  •     Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated Statements of Earnings, such as
                                        income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average rate for the period. These measures
                                        highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar equivalent IFRS results and have been calculated using
                                        the average rates, as shown below, in effect at the date of the comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it
                                        facilitates the comparability of results between periods.

                                                                                                                         Period ended
                                                                                                         December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022
                                                                         United States dollar                  1.36              1.36
                                                                         British pound                         1.69              1.59
                                                                         Euro                                  1.47              1.39
                                  •     Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market impacts on
                                        insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which includes:




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        •    the impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the performance of the related
                                             hedge assets;
                                        •    the impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;

PART B
                                        •    the market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and the insurance and
                                             investment contract liabilities they support; and
                                        •    other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support that cannot be
                                             attributed to expectations within the period.
                                  •     Net cash flows and net flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net cash flows and net asset flows are
                                        measured by the following:
                                        •    Canada wealth management net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and
                                             non-proprietary mutual funds.
                                        •    Europe wealth and investment only net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary
                                             mutual funds and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
                                        •    Empower net cash flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets, proprietary and
                                             non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
                                        •    PanAgora net flows include institutional sales and redemptions.
                                  •     Net earnings from continuing operations - Defined as net earnings - common shareholders less net earnings (loss) from discontinued
                                        operations. The discontinued operations represent the results of Putnam Investments. On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the
                                        previously announced sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton".
                                  •     Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal government agency that
                                        regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether they are in sound financial
                                        condition and meeting their requirements.
                                  •     Other assets under administration - Includes assets where the Company only provides administration services for which the Company
                                        earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the clients and the Company does not direct the investing activities.
                                        Services provided relating to assets under administration include recordkeeping, safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of
                                        transactions or other administrative services. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and
                                        should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.
                                  •     Other assets under management - Includes external client funds where the Company has oversight of the investment policies. Services
                                        provided in respect of proprietary mutual funds and institutional assets include the selection of investments, the provision of investment
                                        advice and discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients.

                                  106   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis   92
                                        B  92                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


•   Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
•   Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four quarter basis.
•   Return on equity (ROE) - continuing operations - Net earnings from continuing operations for the trailing four quarters are divided by
    the average common shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
•   Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
    •    For risk-based insurance and annuity products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums expected in the first
         twelve months of the plan.
    •    Group insurance and ASO sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new benefits covered or
         expansion of coverage on existing policies.
    •    For individual wealth management products, sales include deposits on segregated fund products, proprietary mutual funds and
         institutional accounts as well as deposits on non-proprietary mutual funds.
    •    For group wealth management products, sales include assets transferred from previous plan providers and the expected annual
         contributions from the new plan.
•   Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology, which allocates financing costs in
    proportion to allocated capital. For the Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments (essentially Canada Life), this allocation
    method generally tracks the regulatory capital requirements, while for Empower and Putnam, it tracks the financial statement carrying
    value of the business units. Total leverage capital is consistently allocated across all business units in proportion to total capital resulting in
    a debt-to-equity ratio in each business unit mirroring the consolidated Company.
    The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs are therefore
    based on the capital the business unit has been allocated and the financing charges associated with that capital. IFRS does not prescribe
    the calculation of ROE and therefore a comparable measure under IFRS is not available.




                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   107
                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis        93

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  93
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Selected Annual Information
                                      Selected annual information                                                                                               IFRS 17 / 9                          IFRS 4 / IAS 39
                                      (in $ millions, except per share amounts)                                                                                Presentation                           Presentation
                                                                                                                                                                    Years ended December 31
                                                                                                                                                       2023                 2022 (Restated)                2021
                                      Total revenue1                                                                                        $                 41,629 $                  1,384 $                     64,417

                                      Earnings
                                         Base earnings2                                                                                                        3,667                     3,318                       3,260
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                               2,862                     3,628                       3,128
                                         Net earnings - Common Shareholders                                                                                    2,738                     3,596                       3,128

                                      Earnings per common share
                                         Basic - base earnings3                                                                                                 3.94                         3.56                     3.51
                                         Basic - net earnings from continuing operations                                                                        3.07                         3.89                     3.37
                                         Basic - net earnings                                                                                                   2.94                         3.86                     3.37
                                         Diluted - base earnings3                                                                                               3.93                         3.56                     3.50
                                         Diluted - net earnings from continuing operations                                                                      3.07                         3.89                     3.36
                                         Diluted - net earnings                                                                                                 2.93                         3.86                     3.36

                                      Total assets under administration
                                         Total assets                                                                                       $               713,230 $                  672,206 $                   630,488
                                         Continuing operations - other assets under management4                                                             220,578                     182,288                 377,155
                                         Discontinued operations - other assets under management4                                                           161,566                     149,446                      —
                                         Total assets under management2                                                                                   1,095,374                   1,003,940               1,007,643
                                         Other assets under administration4                                                                               1,757,166                   1,464,523               1,283,949




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Total assets under administration2                                                                 $             2,852,540 $                 2,468,463 $             2,291,592

                                      Total liabilities                                                                                     $               683,379 $                  643,411 $                   600,005

PART B                                Dividends paid per share
                                         Series F First Preferred5                                                                                               —                          —                       1.4750
                                         Series G First Preferred                                                                                            1.3000                     1.3000                      1.3000
                                         Series H First Preferred                                                                                           1.21252                    1.21252                     1.21252
                                         Series I First Preferred                                                                                            1.1250                     1.1250                      1.1250
                                         Series L First Preferred                                                                                           1.41250                    1.41250                     1.41250
                                         Series M First Preferred                                                                                             1.450                      1.450                       1.450
                                         Series N First Preferred6                                                                                        0.437252                    0.437252                 0.437252
                                         Series P First Preferred                                                                                             1.350                       1.350                    1.350
                                         Series Q First Preferred                                                                                            1.2875                      1.2875                   1.2875
                                         Series R First Preferred                                                                                             1.200                       1.200                    1.200
                                         Series S First Preferred                                                                                         1.312500                    1.312500                 1.312500
                                         Series T First Preferred                                                                                             1.2875                    1.2875                      1.2875
                                         Series Y First Preferred7                                                                                            1.1250                    1.1250                      0.2589
                                         Common                                                                                                                2.080                     1.960                       1.804

                                  1
                                       Total revenue excludes revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments for the periods presented under IFRS 17 and 9. Total revenue comprises of insurance
                                       revenue, net investment income, changes in fair value through profit or loss on investment assets and fee and other income.
                                  2
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  3
                                       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  4
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  5
                                       On December 31, 2021, Lifeco redeemed all of its outstanding 5.90% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series F, at a redemption price of $25.00 per share plus an amount equal
                                       to all declared and unpaid dividends, less any tax required to be deducted and withheld by Lifeco.
                                  6
                                       The Series N First Preferred Share dividend was reset to a five year fixed dividend rate of 1.749% per annum which applies until December 30, 2025.
                                  7
                                       On October 8, 2021, the Company issued 8,000,000, 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series Y. Please refer to the "Lifeco Capital Structure" section of this document for
                                       additional details on the issuance.




                                  108      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis        94
                                           B  94                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information relating to the Company
which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a) recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to
the Company's senior management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures as at December 31, 2023 and, based on such evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal control systems have inherent
limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
The Company's management, under the supervision of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief
Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (COSO Framework) published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The
Company’s management adopted the revised 2013 COSO Framework in 2015 as the basis to evaluate the effectiveness of Lifeco’s internal
control over financial reporting.
During the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, there have been no changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Management
evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2023 and, based on such evaluation,
the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting is effective and that there are no material weaknesses in the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting.
Limitation on Disclosure Controls and Procedures & Internal Control Over Financial Reporting




                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
As permitted by securities legislation, for the period ended December 31, 2023, the Company’s management has limited the scope of its design
of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and the Company’s internal control over financial reporting to exclude controls, policies
and procedures of IPC, which the Company acquired on November 30, 2023.

                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
During the year ended December 31, 2023, the acquired IPC had revenue of $29 million and net earnings of $1 million post-tax. The initial
amounts assigned to the assets acquired and goodwill on November 30, 2023 and reported as at December 31, 2023 were $927 million. The
initial amounts assigned to the liabilities assumed on November 30, 2023 and reported as at December 31, 2023 were $342 million with the final
valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed expected to occur by the end of the fourth quarter of 2024.

Transactions with Related Parties
Relationship with Power Corporation Group of Companies
Lifeco's controlling shareholder is Power Financial Corporation (Power Financial), which is controlled by Power Corporation of Canada (Power
Corporation) and, ultimately, by the Desmarais Family Residuary Trust. Power Corporation also controls IGM Financial Inc. and its
subsidiaries (IGM), Sagard Holdings Inc. (Sagard), a multi-strategy alternative asset manager, as well as Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
(Portag3), which invests in the FinTech sector and in which both Lifeco and IGM are investors. Some of these related entities operate in similar
or related sectors to those in which Lifeco's subsidiaries operate. A number of the Company's directors are also directors or officers of Power
Corporation or one of its affiliates.
Lifeco's relationship with Power Financial, Power Corporation, IGM, Sagard, Portag3 and other members of the Power Corporation group of
companies enables Lifeco to access expertise and industry knowledge, achieve economies of scale and access investment opportunities. As a
result of these relationships, Lifeco and other members of the Power Corporation group of companies may become aware of opportunities that
are also of potential interest to other members of the group and Lifeco may share information for that purpose. Power Corporation and Power
Financial from time to time also assist Lifeco to identify and analyze strategic corporate opportunities that may be of potential interest to it.
However, Power Corporation and Power Financial have no commitment to Lifeco that would require them or their respective subsidiaries,
directors or officers to offer any particular opportunity to Lifeco.
The Company has related party procedures that require, among other things, transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries and any
member of the Power Corporation group of companies to be on terms no less favourable than market terms or where there is no open market,
on terms that would reasonably be expected to provide at least fair value to the Company. Under the related party procedures, any material
related party transactions must be reviewed and approved by a conduct review committee composed entirely of directors who are independent
of management and Power Corporation and its affiliates.
On November 30, 2023, Canada Life completed the previously announced acquisition of IPC, a leading independent wealth management firm,
from IGM. Canada Life acquired IPC for a total purchase consideration of $585 million. Transaction and integration costs of $25 million pre-tax
are expected over 18 months after the deal is closed. IGM is an affiliated company and a member of the Power Corporation group of companies.
Therefore, the transaction was reviewed and approved by the Conduct Review Committee of each of the Company and Canada Life.



                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   109
                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis        95

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  95
                                  Management’s
                                  Management's Discussion
                                               Discussion and
                                                          and Analysis
                                                              Analysis


                                  Other Transactions with Related Parties
                                  In the normal course of business, subsidiaries of Lifeco enter into various transactions with related companies which include providing
                                  insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power Corporation group of companies. In all cases, transactions
                                  were at market terms and conditions.
                                  During the year, Canada Life provided to and received from IGM and its subsidiaries, a member of the Power Corporation group of companies,
                                  certain administrative and information technology services. Canada Life also provided life insurance, annuity and disability insurance products
                                  under a distribution agreement with IGM. In addition, Canada Life provided distribution services to IGM. All transactions were provided at
                                  market terms and conditions.
                                  The Company owns 9,200,448 shares, held through Canada Life, representing a 3.86% ownership interest in IGM. The Company uses the equity
                                  method to account for its investment in IGM as it exercises significant influence. In 2023, the Company recognized $33 million for the equity
                                  method share of IGM net earnings and received dividends of $21 million from its investment in IGM.
                                  Segregated funds of the Company were invested in funds managed by IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. Mackenzie
                                  Investments also manages certain of the Company's portfolio investments. The Company also has interests in mutual funds, open-ended
                                  investment companies and unit trusts. Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of the Company, who are paid sub-advisory fees
                                  related to these services. During 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries made additional investments in funds managed by related parties. All
                                  transactions were provided at market terms and conditions.
                                  At December 31, 2023, the Company held $88 million ($85 million in 2022) of debentures issued by IGM.
                                  On July 6, 2023, Sagard Holdings Inc. (Sagard), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Power Corporation, announced that the relationship between the
                                  Company and Sagard had expanded, both in terms of the Company's minority interest in Sagard and commitments into certain Sagard
                                  strategies. The increase in the minority interest in Sagard is immaterial to the Company and commitment to certain Sagard strategies has
                                  increased to approximately U.S. $700 million.
                                  The Company provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to pension and
                                  other post-employment benefits for employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. These transactions were provided at market terms and
                                  conditions.
                                  There were no material loans or guarantees issued to or from related parties during 2023 or 2022. There were no significant outstanding loans




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  or guarantees with related parties at December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. There were no provisions for uncollectible amounts with related
                                  parties at December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022.

                                  Quarterly Financial Information
PART B
                                      Quarterly financial information
                                      (in $ millions, except per share amounts)
                                                                                                                                        2023                                            2022 (Restated)
                                                                                                                     Q4            Q3            Q2            Q1            Q4          Q3        Q2            Q1
                                                       1
                                      Total revenue                                                             $ 20,205 $         3,374 $       5,940 $ 12,110 $ 10,250 $                556 $ (5,581) $ (3,841)
                                                                                             2
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations
                                           Total                                                                $      743 $          936 $          569 $        614 $         478 $     986 $       830 $      1,334
                                           Basic - per share                                                           0.80          1.01            0.61        0.66           0.51      1.06        0.89        1.43
                                           Diluted - per share                                                         0.79          1.00            0.61        0.66           0.51      1.06        0.89        1.43


                                      Net earnings - Common Shareholders
                                           Total                                                                $       740 $        905 $           498 $       595 $          452 $     987 $       823 $      1,334
                                           Basic - per share                                                           0.79          0.97            0.53        0.64           0.48      1.06        0.88        1.43
                                           Diluted - per share                                                         0.79          0.97            0.53        0.64           0.48      1.06        0.88        1.43

                                  1
                                       Total revenue excludes revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                  2
                                       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  Lifeco's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $740 million for the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $452
                                  million for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents $0.79 per common share ($0.79 diluted) for the fourth quarter of
                                  2023 compared to $0.48 per common share ($0.48 diluted) a year ago.
                                  Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2023 was $20,205 million and comprises insurance revenue of $5,174 million ($5,442 million for the same
                                  quarter last year), net investment income of $2,431 million ($2,085 million for the same quarter last year), a change in fair value through profit or
                                  loss on investment assets of positive $11,042 million (change of positive $1,351 million for the same quarter last year) and fee and other income
                                  of $1,558 million ($1,372 million for the same quarter last year).




                                  110     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis        96
                                           B  96                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management’s
Management's Discussion
             Discussion and
                        and Analysis
                            Analysis


Translation of Foreign Currency
Through its operating subsidiaries, Lifeco conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the Canadian dollar, the
U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian
dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense items are translated at an average rate for the period. The
rates employed are:

Period ended                       Dec. 31           Sept. 30            June 30      Mar. 31        Dec. 31          Sept. 30          June 30            Mar. 31
                                     2023               2023               2023         2023           2022              2022             2022               2022
 United States dollar
 Balance sheet                $        1.33 $             1.36 $             1.32 $     1.35 $           1.35 $           1.38 $           1.29 $              1.25
 Income and expenses          $        1.36 $             1.34 $             1.34 $     1.35 $           1.36 $           1.31 $           1.28 $              1.27

 British pound
 Balance sheet                $        1.69 $             1.66 $             1.68 $     1.67 $           1.64 $           1.54 $           1.57 $              1.64
 Income and expenses          $        1.69 $             1.70 $             1.68 $     1.64 $           1.59 $           1.54 $           1.60 $              1.70

 Euro
 Balance sheet                $        1.46 $             1.44 $             1.45 $     1.47 $           1.45 $           1.35 $           1.35 $              1.38
 Income and expenses          $        1.47 $             1.46 $             1.46 $     1.45 $           1.39 $           1.31 $           1.36 $              1.42

Additional Information
Additional information relating to Lifeco, including Lifeco's most recent consolidated financial statements, CEO/CFO certification and Annual
Information Form are available at www.sedarplus.com.




                                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B




                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    111
                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Management's Discussion and Analysis         97

                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     B  97
         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
PART B




                                  Page intentionally left blank.




                                  B  98                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
Consolidated Statements of Earnings


(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                                                                               For the years
                                                                                                                              ended December 31
                                                                                                                            2023                      2022
                                                                                                                                                (Restated)
Insurance service result
  Insurance revenue (note 12)                                                                                        $           20,402 $                19,632
  Insurance service expenses (note 13)                                                                                           (15,777)               (15,272)
  Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                                          (1,544)                (1,531)
                                                                                                                                   3,081                     2,829
Net investment result (note 6)
  Net investment income                                                                                                            8,864                     7,594
  Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or loss assets                                                                6,489                (31,000)
                                                                                                                                 15,353                 (23,406)
  Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                          (9,238)                18,809
  Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                           224                 (1,251)
  Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                      (4,806)                    8,454
                                                                                                                                   1,533                     2,606
Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
   Net investment income (loss)                                                                                                    4,808                 (4,130)
   Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                         (4,808)                    4,130
                                                                                                                                       —                        —
Other income and expenses
  Fee and other income                                                                                                             5,874                     5,158
  Operating and administrative expenses (note 13)                                                                                 (6,402)                (5,604)




                                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Amortization of finite life intangible assets (note 9)                                                                            (366)                     (354)
  Financing costs (note 19)                                                                                                         (426)                     (393)
  Restructuring and integration expenses                                                                                            (226)                     (178)

                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                       3,068                     4,064
Income taxes (note 29)                                                                                                                 53                     394
Net earnings from continuing operations before non-controlling interests                                                           3,015                     3,670
Attributable to non-controlling interests (note 21)                                                                                    23                      (88)
Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred share dividends                                                           2,992                     3,758
Preferred share dividends (note 23)                                                                                                  130                      130
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                            2,862                     3,628
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (note 4)                                                                           (124)                      (32)
Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                   $             2,738 $                   3,596
Earnings per common share (note 23)
  Basic                                                                                                              $              2.94 $                    3.86
  Diluted                                                                                                            $              2.93 $                    3.86
Earnings per common share from continuing operations (note 23)
  Basic                                                                                                              $              3.07 $                    3.89
  Diluted                                                                                                            $              3.07 $                    3.89




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     113

                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               1
                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  99
                                  Consolidated Statements
                                  Consolidated Statements of
                                                          of Comprehensive
                                                             Comprehensive Income
                                                                           Income


                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                             For the years
                                                                                                                                                                     ended December 31
                                                                                                                                                                    2023                     2022
                                                                                                                                                                                       (Restated)


                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred dividends                                                                $          2,868 $                  3,726
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                        Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations                                                      (19)                    422
                                        Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations                                                      (64)                     88
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     (6)                     28
                                        Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income                                   281                 (1,193)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    (97)                    223
                                        Realized (gains) losses on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income                                     248                       71
                                             Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                    (19)                      (8)
                                        Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                       133                       (45)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    (36)                     12
                                        Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                                                                          (94)                      —
                                               Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                   25                       —
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                                           (135)                    257
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     40                      (74)
                                        Total items that may be reclassified                                                                                                257                      (219)
                                  Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                        Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans (note 26)                                        (127)                    505




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     36                     (130)
                                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                                             11                      (41)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     (3)                     11

PART B
                                        Total items that will not be reclassified                                                                                            (83)                    345
                                  Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                   174                      126
                                  Comprehensive income                                                                                                          $          3,042 $                  3,852




                                  114     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               2
                                          B  100                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Balance Sheets


(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                 December 31              December 31                 January 1
                                                                                            2023                     2022                       2022
                                                                                                                   (Restated)                 (Restated)
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents (note 5)                                                   $             7,742 $                   7,290 $                   6,075
Bonds (note 6)                                                                                   157,051                   156,091                   142,655
Mortgage loans (note 6)                                                                           38,414                    37,197                    29,357
Stocks (note 6)                                                                                   15,733                    14,301                    14,225
Investment properties (note 6)                                                                     7,870                     8,344                     7,763
                                                                                                 226,810                   223,223                   200,075

Insurance contract assets (note 14)                                                                1,193                     1,140                     1,533
Reinsurance contract held assets (note 15)                                                        17,332                    17,571                    21,843
Assets held for sale (note 4)                                                                      4,467                        —                         —
Goodwill (note 9)                                                                                 11,249                    10,611                     9,107
Intangible assets (note 9)                                                                         4,484                     6,230                     5,514
Derivative financial instruments (note 30)                                                         2,219                     2,314                       967
Owner occupied properties (note 10)                                                                  731                       724                       736
Fixed assets (note 10)                                                                               335                       399                       422
Accounts and interest receivable                                                                   4,863                     4,355                     3,210
Other assets (note 11)                                                                            14,483                    15,949                    14,435
Current income taxes                                                                                 260                       338                       268
Deferred tax assets (note 29)                                                                      1,848                     1,470                     1,325
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 17)                                422,956                   387,882                   357,419
Total assets                                                                         $           713,230 $                 672,206 $                 616,854

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities (note 14)                                             $           144,388 $                 135,438 $                 157,910
Investment contract liabilities (note 16)                                                         88,919                    94,810                    53,694
Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 15)                                                      648                       537                     1,290
Liabilities held for sale (note 4)                                                                 2,407                        —                         —




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Debentures and other debt instruments (note 18)                                                    9,046                    10,509                     8,804
Derivative financial instruments (note 30)                                                         1,288                     1,639                     1,030
Accounts payable                                                                                   3,216                     2,758                     2,469


                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
Other liabilities (note 20)                                                                        9,587                     8,913                     6,293
Current income taxes                                                                                 137                       152                       193
Deferred tax liabilities (note 29)                                                                   787                       773                       677
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 17)                         60,302                    57,841                    65,253
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 17)                       362,654                   330,041                   292,166
Total liabilities                                                                                683,379                   643,411                   589,779

Equity
Non-controlling interests (note 21)
   Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                    2,847                      2,734                    2,984
   Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                          168                        152                      130
Shareholders' equity
   Share capital (note 22)
         Limited recourse capital notes                                                            1,500                     1,500                     1,500
         Preferred shares                                                                          2,720                     2,720                     2,720
         Common shares                                                                             6,000                     5,791                     5,748
   Accumulated surplus                                                                            15,492                    14,976                    13,214
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (note 27)                                                  890                       713                       587
   Contributed surplus                                                                               234                       209                       192
Total equity                                                                                      29,851                    28,795                    27,075
Total liabilities and equity                                                         $           713,230 $                 672,206 $                 616,854




Approved by the Board of Directors:




Signed,                                     Signed,
Jeffrey Orr                                 Paul Mahon
Chair of the Board                          President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   115

                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            3
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              B  101
                                  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
                                  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity


                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                              December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                         Accumulated
                                                                                                                                             other                               Non-
                                                                                                  Share         Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                         controlling         Total
                                                                                                 capital          surplus     surplus    income (loss)                         interests         equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year (restated)                      $      10,011 $            209 $           14,976 $                       713 $         2,886 $       28,795
                                  Impact of initial application of IFRS 9 (note 3)                         —              —                   (33)                      3                —                (30)
                                  Revised balance, beginning of year                                10,011              209             14,943                         716           2,886         28,765
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                    preferred dividends                                                    —              —               2,868                         —                23         2,891
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                        —              —                    —                       174               87           261
                                                                                                    10,011              209             17,811                         890           2,996         31,917
                                  Dividends to shareholders
                                        Preferred shareholders (note 23)                                   —              —                 (130)                       —                —            (130)
                                        Common shareholders                                                —              —              (1,937)                        —                —          (1,937)
                                  Issued in business acquisition                                           89             —                    —                        —                —                89
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 22)                                            158               (51)                  —                        —                36           143
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
                                    course issuer bid (note 22)                                       (233)               —                    —                        —                —            (233)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital
                                    per normal course issuer bid (note 22)                             195                —                 (195)                       —                —                —
                                  Equity settlement of Putnam share-based plans                            —              —                    —                        —               (13)              (13)
                                  Shares cancelled under Putnam share-based plans                          —               3                   —                        —                    2              5
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                        —              73                   —                        —                —                73
                                  Acquisition of non-controlling interest in subsidiary                    —              —                   (27)                      —               (36)              (63)




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Dilution loss on non-controlling interests                               —              —                   (30)                      —                30               —
                                  Balance, end of year                                       $      10,220 $            234 $            15,492 $                      890 $         3,015 $       29,851



PART B
                                                                                                                                 December 31, 2022 (Restated)
                                                                                                                                                      Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                          other                   Non-
                                                                                                 Share          Contributed     Accumulated          comprehensive             controlling       Total
                                                                                                 capital          surplus         surplus             income (loss)             interests        equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                 $       9,968 $            192 $           16,424 $                       632 $         3,267 $       30,483
                                  Impact of initial application of IFRS 17 (note 3)                        —              —              (4,835)                        —              (517)        (5,352)
                                  Impact of initial application of IFRS 9 overlay (note 3)                 —              —               1,625                        (45)            364          1,944
                                  Revised balance, beginning of year                                 9,968              192             13,214                         587           3,114         27,075
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                    preferred dividends                                                    —              —               3,726                         —               (88)        3,638
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                        —              —                    —                       126             (153)              (27)
                                                                                                     9,968              192             16,940                         713           2,873         30,686
                                  Dividends to shareholders
                                        Preferred shareholders (note 23)                                   —              —                 (130)                       —                —            (130)
                                        Common shareholders                                                —              —              (1,826)                        —                —          (1,826)
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 22)                                                43            (54)                  —                        —                50               39
                                  Equity settlement of Putnam share-based plans                            —              —                    —                        —               (66)              (66)
                                  Shares cancelled under Putnam share-based plans                          —               4                   —                        —                (4)              —
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                        —              67                   —                        —                —                67
                                  Preferred share redemption costs                                         —              —                    (4)                      —                —                 (4)
                                  Recognition of non-controlling interest                                  —              —                    —                        —                15               15
                                  Disposal of investment in subsidiary                                     —              —                     8                       —                    6            14
                                  Dilution loss on non-controlling interests                               —              —                   (12)                      —                12               —
                                  Balance, end of year                                       $      10,011 $            209 $            14,976 $                      713 $         2,886 $       28,795




                                  116     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                4
                                          B  102                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows


    (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                 For the years
                                                                                                                                           ended December 31
                                                                                                                                       2023                      2022
                                                                                                                                                              (Restated)
    Operations 1
      Earnings before income taxes                                                                                           $                 2,914 $                   4,039
      Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                 (423)                       (348)
      Adjustments:
         Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                              9,316                   (25,355)
         Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                            (4,561)                   (8,124)
         Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                         170                    (1,232)
         Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                 5                    5,614
         Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                     (480)                   1,168
         Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                         (6,489)                   31,000
         Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                                            38,507                    34,449
         Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                                  (35,253)                  (37,553)
         Other                                                                                                                                 1,497                         114
                                                                                                                                               5,203                     3,772
    Financing Activities
      Issue of common shares                                                                                                                     158                          43
      Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                                      (233)                         —
      Issue of euro denominated debt                                                                                                               —                         691
      Repayment of euro denominated debt                                                                                                         (735)                         —
      Increase in line of credit of subsidiaries                                                                                                   61                    1,096




                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Decrease in line of credit of subsidiaries                                                                                                 (734)                       (495)
      Increase in debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                            —                            5
      Preferred share redemption costs                                                                                                            —                         (4)

                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
      Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                         (1,937)                   (1,826)
      Dividends paid on preferred shares                                                                                                         (130)                       (130)
                                                                                                                                              (3,550)                        (620)
    Investment Activities 1
      Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                (223)                        (63)
      Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                           (563)                  (2,155)
                                                                                                                                                 (786)                  (2,218)

    Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                              (40)                       281
    Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                        827                     1,215
    Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                               7,290                     6,075
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, end of year                                       $                 8,117 $                   7,290
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents from discontinued operations, end of year (note 4)                                                           375                           —
    Cash and cash equivalents from continuing operations, end of year                                                        $                 7,742 $                   7,290


    Supplementary cash flow information
      Interest income received                                                                                               $                 7,332 $                   5,833
      Interest paid                                                                                                                              453                         408
      Dividend income received                                                                                                                   422                         403

1
     The cash flows related to the sales, maturities, repayments and purchases of portfolio investments have been reclassified to the Operations section to better represent the
     operating cash flows of the Company. This activity had previously been presented in the Investment Activities section.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    117

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               5
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        B  103
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

                                  1.      Corporate Information
                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated and domiciled in
                                  Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, R3C 1V3. Lifeco is a member of the
                                  Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a subsidiary of Power Corporation.
                                  Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth and asset
                                  management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe through its operating subsidiaries including The
                                  Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life), Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower) and Putnam Investments, LLC
                                  (Putnam). 1
                                  The consolidated financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2023 were approved by
                                  the Board of Directors on February 14, 2024.
                                  1
                                      Subsequent to December 31, 2023, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam US Holdings I, LLC (excluding PanAgora Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary
                                      PanAgora Asset Management Inc.) to Franklin Resources Inc. (note 4). Putnam US Holdings I, LLC was a subsidiary of Putnam Investments, LLC.

                                  2.      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  (IFRS), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Consistent accounting policies were applied in the preparation of the
                                  consolidated financial statements of the subsidiaries of the Company.

                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17) and IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9) on their effective date of January 1,
                                  2023 which replaced IFRS 4, Insurance Contracts (IFRS 4) and International Accounting Standard 39, Financial Instruments (IAS 39),
                                  respectively.
                                  IFRS 17 establishes principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of insurance contracts. Under IFRS 17, groups of




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  contracts are measured as the estimate of the present value of fulfillment cash flows, adjusted for an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial
                                  risk and the contractual service margin (CSM).
                                  IFRS 9 provides changes to financial instruments accounting for the following: classification and measurement of financial instruments based

PART B
                                  on a business model approach for managing financial assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial asset; impairment
                                  based on an expected loss model; and hedge accounting that incorporates the risk management practices of an entity.
                                  As permitted under IFRS 9, the Company has elected to continue to apply the hedge accounting principles under IAS 39 instead of those under
                                  IFRS 9.
                                  The accounting policies materially impacted by the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 are included in sections (a) Portfolio Investments, (h)
                                  Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging, and (o) Insurance Contracts, Investment Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held below.
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements, IAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in
                                  Accounting Estimates and Errors and IAS 12, Income Taxes effective January 1, 2023. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material
                                  impact on the Company’s financial statements.
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12, Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception to recognizing and
                                  disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules published by the Organization for Economic
                                  Co-operation and Development (OECD).

                                  Basis of Consolidation
                                  The consolidated financial statements of the Company were prepared as at and for the year ended December 31, 2023 with comparative
                                  information as at and for the year ended December 31, 2022. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on
                                  which the Company obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. The Company has control when it
                                  has the power to direct the relevant activities, has significant exposure to variable returns from these activities and has the ability to use its
                                  power to affect the variable returns. All intercompany balances and transactions, including income and expenses, profits or losses and
                                  dividends, are eliminated on consolidation.

                                  Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
                                  In preparation of these consolidated financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions
                                  that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some uncertainty is inherent in these
                                  judgments and estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key sources of estimation uncertainty and areas
                                  where significant judgments have been made are listed below and discussed throughout the notes to these consolidated financial statements
                                  including:
                                  •     Management applies judgment in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination.
                                  •     Management applies judgment in determining the assets and liabilities to be included in a disposal group, and uses estimates in the
                                        determination of the fair value for disposal groups, including contingent consideration and costs to sell (note 4).
                                  118    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements      6
                                         B  104                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


•   Management uses independent qualified appraisal services to determine the fair value of investment properties, which utilize judgments
    and estimates. These appraisals are adjusted by applying management judgments and estimates for material changes in property cash
    flows, capital expenditures or general market conditions (note 6).
•   Management uses internal valuation models which utilize judgments and estimates to determine the fair value of equity release
    mortgages. These valuations are adjusted by applying management judgments and estimates for material changes in projected asset cash
    flows, and discount rates (note 6).
•   In the determination of the fair value of financial instruments, the Company's management exercises judgment in the determination of fair
    value inputs, particularly those items categorized within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (note 8).
•   Cash generating units for intangible assets and cash generating unit groupings for goodwill have been determined by management as the
    lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes, which requires management judgment in the determination of
    the lowest level of monitoring (note 9).
•   Management evaluates the future benefit for initial recognition and measurement of goodwill and intangible assets as well as testing the
    recoverable amounts. The determination of the carrying value and recoverable amounts of the cash generating unit groupings for goodwill
    and cash generating units for intangible assets relies upon the determination of fair value or value-in-use using valuation methodologies
    (note 9).
•   Management applies judgment in determining whether deferred acquisition costs and deferred income reserves can be recognized on the
    Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred acquisition costs are recognized if management determines the costs meet the definition of an
    asset, are incremental and related to the issuance of the investment contract (notes 11 and 20).
•   Management applies judgment when evaluating the classification of insurance and reinsurance contracts to determine whether these
    arrangements should be accounted for as insurance, investment or service contracts.
•   The actuarial assumptions, such as mortality, longevity, morbidity, expense and policyholder behaviour, used in the valuation of insurance
    and certain investment contract liabilities require judgment and estimation (notes 14 and 16).
•   Management applies judgment in determining the coverage units which are based on an estimate of the quantity of coverage provided by
    the contracts in a group, considering the quantity of benefits provided and the expected coverage duration.
•   The Company considers all terms of contracts it issues to determine whether there are amounts payable to the policyholder in all




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    circumstances, regardless of contract cancellation, maturity, and the occurrence or non-occurrence of an insured event. Some amounts,
    once paid by the policyholder, are repayable to the policyholder in all circumstances. The Company considers such payments to meet the
    definition of an investment component, irrespective of whether the amount repayable varies over the term of the contract as the amount is

                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
    repayable only after it has first been paid by the policyholder.
•   In determining discount rates to apply to most insurance contract liability cash flows, the Company generally uses the top-down approach
    for cash flows of non-participating contracts that do not depend on underlying items. Applying this approach, the Company uses the yield
    curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets and adjusts it to exclude the effects of risks (e.g., credit risk) present in the cash flows from
    the financial instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but not in the insurance cash flows. One of the key sources of estimation
    uncertainty is estimating the market risk premiums for credit risk of the underlying items that are only relevant to assets included in the
    reference portfolio, but not to the non-participating contracts. For some products, discount rates are set using a bottom-up approach,
    based on risk-free rates, plus an illiquidity premium, which also requires judgment (note 14).
•   When determining the risk adjustment for non-financial risk, the Company applies judgment in reflecting diversification and calculating
    the confidence level.
•   The determination of whether a contract or a group of contracts is onerous is based on the expectations as at the date of initial recognition
    and subsequently, with fulfillment cash flow expectations determined on a probability-weighted basis. The Company determines the
    appropriate level at which reasonable and supportable information is available to make this assessment. The Company applies judgment
    in determining at what level of granularity the Company has sufficient information to conclude that all contracts within a set will be in the
    same group.
•   For contracts issued more than several years prior to the IFRS 17 effective date, the Company applied judgment in determining that
    obtaining reasonable and supportable information to apply the full retrospective approach was impracticable without undue cost or effort.
•   The Company used judgment in determining which insurance contracts to apply the fair value approach to upon transition to IFRS 17, and
    applied significant judgment in determining the critical assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value for these contracts.
•   The measurement of impairment losses under IFRS 9 across relevant financial assets requires judgment, in particular for the estimation of
    the amount and timing of future cash flows when determining impairment losses and the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk.
•   The actuarial assumptions used in determining the expense and benefit obligations for the Company’s defined benefit pension plans and
    other post-employment benefits requires judgment and estimation. Management reviews previous experience of its plan members and
    market conditions including interest rates and inflation rates in evaluating the assumptions used in determining the expense for the
    current year (note 26).
•   The Company operates within various tax jurisdictions where management judgments and estimates are required when interpreting the
    relevant tax laws, regulations and legislation in the determination of the Company’s tax provisions and the carrying amounts of its tax
    assets and liabilities (note 29).


                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   119

                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            7
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  105
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  •     Management applies judgment in assessing the recoverability of the deferred income tax asset carrying values based on future years’
                                        taxable income projections (note 29).
                                  •     Legal and other provisions are recognized resulting from a past event which, in the judgment of management, has resulted in a probable
                                        outflow of economic resources which would be passed to a third-party to settle the obligation. Management applies judgment in
                                        evaluating the possible outcomes and risks in determining the best estimate of the provision at the balance sheet date (note 31).
                                  •     The operating segments of the Company are the segments reviewed by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer to assess performance and
                                        allocate resources within the Company. Management applies judgment in the aggregation of the business units into the Company's
                                        operating segments (note 33).
                                  •     The Company consolidates all subsidiaries and entities which management determines that the Company controls. Control is evaluated
                                        on the ability of the Company to direct the activities of the subsidiary or entity to derive variable returns and management applies
                                        judgment in determining whether control exists. Judgment is exercised in the evaluation of the variable returns and in determining the
                                        extent to which the Company has the ability to exercise its power to generate variable returns.
                                  •     Management applies judgment when determining whether the Company retains the primary obligation with a client in sub-advisor
                                        arrangements. Where the Company retains the primary obligation to the client, revenue and expenses are recorded on a gross basis.
                                  •     The results of the Company reflect management’s judgments regarding the impact of prevailing global credit, equity and foreign exchange
                                        market conditions. The Company’s practice is to use third-party independent credit ratings where available. Judgment is required when
                                        setting credit ratings for instruments that do not have a third-party rating.
                                  The material accounting policies are as follows:

                                  (a) Portfolio Investments
                                  Portfolio investments include bonds, mortgage loans, stocks and investment properties.
                                  Under IFRS 9, a financial asset is measured at fair value on initial recognition and is classified and subsequently measured as fair value through
                                  profit or loss (FVTPL), fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), or amortized cost based upon the Company’s business model
                                  for managing its assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the asset.
                                  The Company’s business models are determined at the level that reflects how its groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  business objectives.
                                  A financial asset is classified as FVOCI if it meets the following criteria and is not designated as FVTPL:


PART B
                                  •     It is held in a business model whose objective is to hold to collect contractual cash flows and sell financial assets, and
                                  •     Its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on the principal
                                        amount outstanding.
                                  A financial asset is classified as amortized cost if it meets the following criteria and is not designated as FVTPL:
                                  •     It is held in a business model whose objective is to hold to collect contractual cash flows, and
                                  •     Its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI on the principal amount outstanding.
                                  FVOCI investments are recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with unrealized gains and losses recorded in the
                                  Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income. Realized gains and losses on FVOCI bond and mortgage investments are reclassified
                                  from other comprehensive income and recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings when the investment is sold.
                                  Any financial asset that does not qualify for measurement at amortized cost or FVOCI is classified as FVTPL. For financial instruments that meet
                                  the amortized cost or FVOCI criteria, the Company may exercise the option to designate, at initial recognition, such financial instruments as
                                  FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise. Investments measured as FVTPL are
                                  recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in the Consolidated
                                  Statements of Earnings.
                                  Investments in stocks, except for those where the Company exerts significant influence, are classified on initial recognition as FVTPL unless an
                                  irrevocable designation is made to classify an individual instrument as FVOCI.
                                  Interest income earned on bonds and mortgages is calculated using the effective interest method and is recorded within net investment result in
                                  the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  Investment properties are real estate held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation. Investment properties are initially measured at cost
                                  and subsequently carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All changes in fair value are recorded within the net investment
                                  result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Properties held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation that have an insignificant
                                  portion that is owner occupied or where there is no intent to occupy on a long-term basis are classified as investment properties. Properties that
                                  do not meet these criteria are classified as owner occupied properties. Property that is leased that would otherwise be classified as investment
                                  property if owned by the Company is also included within investment properties.




                                  120   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   8
                                        B  106                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Fair Value Measurement
The following is a description of the methodologies used to value instruments carried at fair value:
Bonds - FVTPL and FVOCI
Fair values for bonds measured as FVTPL or FVOCI are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily provided by third-
party independent pricing sources. Where prices are not quoted in an active market, fair values are determined by valuation models. The
Company maximizes the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The Company obtains quoted prices in active markets, when
available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure bonds at fair value in its FVTPL and FVOCI portfolios.
The Company estimates the fair value of bonds not traded in active markets by referring to actively traded securities with similar attributes,
dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodology, discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation models. This methodology considers
such factors as the issuer's industry, the security's rating, term, coupon rate and position in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as yield
curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other relevant factors. For bonds that are not traded in active markets, valuations are adjusted to
reflect illiquidity, and such adjustments generally are based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management's best
estimate is used.
Mortgages - FVTPL and FVOCI
There are no market observable prices for mortgages; therefore fair values for mortgages are determined by discounting expected future cash
flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs typically include benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads based
on current lending activities and market activity.
Equity Release Mortgages - FVTPL
There are no market observable prices for equity release mortgages; therefore an internal valuation model is used for discounting expected
future cash flows and includes consideration of the embedded no negative equity guarantee. Inputs to the model include market observable
inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market observable inputs include property growth and volatility rates,
expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long term care and interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no negative
equity guarantee.
Stocks - FVTPL




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Fair values for stocks traded on an active market are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where it is
principally traded. Fair values for stocks for which there is no active market are typically based upon alternative valuation techniques such as
discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movement relative to the market and utilization of information provided by the underlying
investment manager. The Company maximizes the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The Company obtains quoted prices in

                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure stocks at fair value in its FVTPL portfolio.
Investment Properties
Fair values for investment properties are determined using independent qualified appraisal services and include management adjustments for
material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market conditions in the interim period between appraisals. The
determination of the fair value of investment property requires the use of estimates including future cash flows (such as future leasing
assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating expenditures) and discount, reversionary and overall capitalization rates applicable to the asset
based on current market conditions. Investment property under construction is valued at fair value if such values can be reliably determined;
otherwise they are recorded at cost.

Net Investment Income Recognition
Interest income on bonds and mortgages is recognized and accrued using the effective interest method.
Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established. This is the ex-dividend date for listed stocks, and usually the
notification date or date when the shareholders have approved the dividend for private equity instruments.
Investment property income includes rents earned from tenants under lease agreements and property tax and operating cost recoveries. Rental
income leases with contractual rent increases and rent-free periods are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

Expected Credit Losses
Under IFRS 9, expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated as
FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI. The ECL model under IFRS 9 replaces the incurred loss model under IAS 39.
The Company measures loss allowances at either a 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL. A 12-month ECL results from any default events that could
potentially occur within the 12 months following the reporting date. A 12-month ECL is calculated for financial assets that are determined to
have low credit risk or the credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition. A lifetime ECL results from all possible default
events over the expected life of the financial asset, which is the maximum contractual period over which the Company is exposed to the credit
risk. A lifetime ECL is recognized for financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or when
there is objective evidence of impairment.
The Company monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment for significant increases in credit risk. In making this assessment, the
Company considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.



                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   121

                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            9
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  107
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Measurement of Expected Credit Losses
                                  The ECL allowance is based on a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses expected as a result of defaults over the relevant time period as
                                  prescribed under the ECL model. The measurement of ECL for a financial asset is based primarily on the exposure at default, the probability of
                                  default, and the loss given default. The measurement of ECL allowances requires the use of judgment and assumptions.
                                  For performing financial assets, the ECL is calculated as the present value of all cash shortfalls which are the difference between cash flows due
                                  to the Company and the cash flows expected to be received. For financial assets that are impaired, the ECL is calculated as the difference
                                  between the carrying value of the asset and the present value of estimated future cash flows. Financial assets that are subject to ECL allowances
                                  are categorized into three stages:
                                  Stage 1
                                  Performing financial assets that have not experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or have low credit risk are
                                  categorized into stage 1. A 12-month ECL allowance is calculated for stage 1 financial assets. To assess if credit risk has increased significantly,
                                  the Company compares the risk of default at initial recognition to the risk as at the current reporting date.
                                  Stage 2
                                  Performing financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are categorized into stage 2. A
                                  lifetime ECL allowance is calculated for stage 2 financial assets. Financial assets are assessed for a significant increase in credit risk on an
                                  individual basis, utilizing the Company’s internal credit risk rating system and the monitoring of timely payments on the assets. Financial assets
                                  that have contractual payments more than 30 days past due are generally presumed to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk and
                                  are included in stage 2. A financial asset in stage 2 can revert to stage 1 if the credit risk subsequently improves.
                                  Stage 3
                                  Impaired financial assets are categorized into stage 3 and require a lifetime ECL allowance. Financial assets are reviewed regularly on an
                                  individual basis to determine impairment status. The Company considers various factors in the impairment evaluation process, including, but
                                  not limited to, the financial condition of the issuer, specific adverse conditions affecting an industry or region, decline in fair value not related to
                                  interest rates, bankruptcy or defaults, and delinquency in payments of interest or principal. Financial assets are deemed to be impaired when
                                  there is objective evidence that timely collection of future cash flows can no longer be reliably estimated. The fair value of a financial asset is not
                                  a definitive indicator of impairment, as it may be significantly influenced by other factors including the remaining term to maturity and liquidity




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  of the asset; however, market price is taken into consideration when evaluating impairment.
                                  Presentation of Expected Credit Losses



PART B
                                  The ECL allowance for financial assets classified as FVOCI is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income and
                                  does not reduce the carrying value of the asset. Financial assets classified as amortized cost are presented net of the ECL allowance in the
                                  Consolidated Balance Sheets.
                                  When there is no expectation of recovery, the Company will partially or fully write off a financial asset against the related allowance for credit
                                  loss. Financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities. In subsequent periods, any recoveries of amounts
                                  previously written off are credited to the provision for credit losses and are recognized within the net investment result in the Consolidated
                                  Statements of Earnings.
                                  Modified Financial Assets
                                  The contractual terms of a financial asset may be modified for a number of reasons, including changing market conditions and other factors not
                                  related to a current or potential credit deterioration of the borrower. An existing financial asset whose terms have been modified may be
                                  derecognized and the renegotiated asset recognized as a new financial asset at fair value in accordance with the Company’s accounting policies.
                                  If modification does not result in derecognition, the financial asset continues to be subject to the assessment for significant increase in credit
                                  risk relative to initial recognition. Expected cash flows arising from the modified contractual terms are considered when calculating the ECL for
                                  the modified asset. For loans that were modified while having lifetime ECLs, such loans can revert to having 12-month ECLs if the borrower's
                                  financial condition improves.
                                  Definition of Default
                                  The definition of default used in the measurement of ECL is consistent with the definition used for the Company’s internal credit risk
                                  management purposes. A financial asset is considered to be in default when the issuer is unlikely to meet its credit obligations in full or when it
                                  is 90 days past due. The definition of default may differ across financial assets and considers qualitative factors, such as financial covenants and
                                  other indicators of financial distress, as well as quantitative factors, such as non-payment of other obligations by the same issuer. The Company
                                  uses data from internal and external sources when assessing whether an asset is in default.

                                  Securities Lending
                                  The Company engages in securities lending through its securities custodians as lending agents. Loaned securities are not derecognized, and
                                  continue to be reported within invested assets, as the Company retains substantial risks and rewards and economic benefits related to the
                                  loaned securities.




                                  122   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   10
                                        B  108                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(b) Transaction Costs
Transaction costs are expensed as incurred for financial instruments classified as FVTPL. Transaction costs are capitalized for all other
classifications of financial instruments at acquisition, and taken into net earnings using the effective interest method for fixed income
instruments or when sold for equity instruments.

(c)    Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits with maturities of three months or less
held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash requirements. Net payments in transit and overdraft bank balances are included in other
liabilities.

(d) Trading Account Assets
Trading account assets consist of investments in sponsored funds, open ended investment companies and sponsored unit-trusts, which are
carried at fair value based on the net asset value of these funds. Investments in these assets are included in other assets on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets with realized and unrealized gains and losses reported in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

(e) Debentures and Other Debt Instruments and Capital Trust Securities
Debentures and other debt instruments and capital trust securities are initially recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value and
subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method with amortization expense recorded in financing costs in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. These liabilities are derecognized when the obligation is cancelled or redeemed.

(f)    Other Assets and Other Liabilities
Other assets, which include prepaid expenses, deferred acquisition costs, finance leases receivable, right-of-use assets and other miscellaneous
assets, are measured at cost or amortized cost. Other liabilities, which include deferred income reserves, bank overdraft, lease liabilities and
other miscellaneous liabilities are measured at cost or amortized cost.
Provisions are recognized within other liabilities when the Company has a present obligation, either legal or constructive, resulting from a past
event, and in management's judgment, it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation and a
reliable estimate can be made of the amount. The amount recognized for provisions are management's best estimate at the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company recognizes a provision for restructuring when a detailed formal plan for the restructuring has been established and that the plan
has raised a valid expectation in those affected that the restructuring will occur.
Pension and other post-employment benefits also included within other assets and other liabilities are measured in accordance with note 2(s).

(g) Disposal Group Classified As Held For Sale and Discontinued Operations                                                                                                                  PART B

Disposal groups are classified as held for sale when the carrying amount will be recovered through a sale transaction rather than continuing use.
The fair value of a disposal group is measured at the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Individual assets and liabilities
in a disposal group not subject to these measurement requirements include financial assets, investment properties and insurance contract
liabilities. These assets and liabilities are measured in accordance with the relevant accounting policies described for those assets and liabilities
included in this note before the disposal group as a whole is measured to the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell. Any
impairment loss for the disposal group is recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount for the portion of the disposal group under the
measurement requirements for IFRS 5, Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.
Disposal group assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains
and losses from disposal groups held for sale are presented separately in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
A disposal group qualifies as a discontinued operation if it is a component of an entity for which operations and cash flows can be clearly
distinguished from the rest of the Company, that either has been disposed of, or is classified as held for sale, and:
•     Represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations;
•     Is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations; or
•     Is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.
Classification as a discontinued operation occurs at the earlier of disposal and when the operation meets the criteria to be classified as held for
sale.
Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount in net earnings (loss)
from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation, the comparative Consolidated Statements of Earnings is re-presented as if the
operation had been discontinued from the beginning of the comparative year.

(h) Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging
The Company uses derivative products as risk management instruments to hedge or manage asset, liability and capital positions, including fee
and investment income. The Company’s policy guidelines prohibit the use of derivative instruments for speculative trading purposes.



                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   123

                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            11
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  109
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Company includes disclosure of the maximum credit risk, future credit exposure, credit risk equivalent and risk weighted equivalent in note
                                  30 as prescribed by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) in Canada.
                                  All derivatives including those that are embedded in financial and non-financial contracts that are not closely related to the host contracts are
                                  recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The method of recognizing unrealized and realized fair value gains and losses
                                  depends on whether the derivatives are designated as hedging instruments. For derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments,
                                  unrealized and realized gains and losses are recorded within the net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. For
                                  derivatives designated as hedging instruments, unrealized and realized gains and losses are recognized according to the nature of the hedged
                                  item.
                                  Derivatives are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever possible, including market based inputs to models,
                                  broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. When models are used, the selection of a
                                  particular model to value a derivative depends on the contractual terms of, and specific risks inherent in, the instrument, as well as the
                                  availability of pricing information in the market. The Company generally uses similar models to value similar instruments. Valuation models
                                  require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms, market prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment
                                  rates and correlations of such inputs.
                                  To qualify for hedge accounting, the relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument must meet several strict conditions on
                                  documentation, probability of occurrence, hedge effectiveness and reliability of measurement. If these conditions are not met, the relationship
                                  does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and both the hedged item and the hedging instrument are reported independently as if there
                                  was no hedging relationship.
                                  Where a hedging relationship exists, the Company documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as its
                                  risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes linking derivatives that are used in
                                  hedging transactions to specific assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or to specific firm commitments or forecasted
                                  transactions. The Company also assesses, both at the hedge’s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether derivatives that are used in hedging
                                  transactions are effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. Hedge effectiveness is reviewed quarterly through
                                  correlation testing. Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.

                                  Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges for Accounting Purposes
                                  For derivative investments not designated as accounting hedges, changes in fair value are recorded in the net investment result.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Fair Value Hedges
                                  For fair value hedges, changes in fair value of both the hedging instrument and the hedged risk are recorded in the net investment result and
                                  consequently any ineffective portion of the hedge is recorded immediately in the net investment result.

PART B
                                  The Company currently uses foreign exchange forward contracts designated as fair value hedges.

                                  Cash Flow Hedges
                                  For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the changes in fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in the same manner as the hedged
                                  item while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the net investment result. Gains and losses that accumulate in other
                                  comprehensive income are recorded in the net investment result in the same period the hedged item affects net earnings. Gains and losses on
                                  cash flow hedges are immediately reclassified from other comprehensive income to the net investment result if and when it is probable that a
                                  forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur.
                                  The Company currently uses interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps and equity total return swaps designated as cash flow hedges.

                                  Net Investment Hedges
                                  For net investment hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are recorded in other comprehensive
                                  income while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the net investment result. The unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on
                                  the instruments are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income and will be reclassified into net earnings when the Company
                                  disposes of the foreign operation.
                                  The Company currently uses cross-currency swaps, foreign exchange forward contracts, and debt instruments designated as net investment
                                  hedges.

                                  (i)    Foreign Currency Translation
                                  The Company operates with multiple functional currencies. The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in Canadian
                                  dollars as this presentation is most meaningful to financial statement users. For those subsidiaries with different functional currencies,
                                  exchange rate differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form part of the net investment in the foreign operation are
                                  recorded in unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations in other comprehensive income.
                                  For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the rate of
                                  exchange prevailing at the balance sheet dates and all income and expense items are translated at an average of daily rates. Unrealized foreign
                                  currency translation gains and losses on translation of the Company’s net investment in its foreign operations are presented separately as a
                                  component of other comprehensive income. Unrealized gains and losses will be recognized proportionately within the Consolidated
                                  Statements of Earnings when there has been a disposal of the investment in the foreign operations.
                                  Foreign currency translation gains and losses on foreign currency transactions of the Company are included in the net investment result.


                                  124   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   12
                                        B  110                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(j)   Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The Company identifies and classifies, in accordance with the
Company’s accounting policies, all assets acquired and liabilities assumed as at the acquisition date. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase
consideration over the fair value of net assets of the acquired subsidiaries of the Company. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at
cost less accumulated impairment losses.
Intangible assets represent finite life and indefinite life intangible assets of acquired subsidiaries of the Company and software acquired or
internally developed by the Company. Finite life intangible assets include the value of technology/software, certain customer contracts and
distribution channels. These finite life intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, typically ranging between 3 and 30 years.
Indefinite life intangible assets include brands and trademarks, certain customer contracts and the shareholders' portion of acquired future
participating account profits. Amounts are classified as indefinite life intangible assets when based on an analysis of all the relevant factors,
there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash inflows for the Company. The identification of
indefinite life intangible assets is made by reference to relevant factors such as product life cycles, potential obsolescence, industry stability and
competitive position. Following initial recognition, indefinite life intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

Impairment Testing
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for impairment annually
or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets that were previously impaired are reviewed at each
reporting date for evidence of reversal. In the event that certain conditions have been met, the Company would be required to reverse the
impairment loss or a portion thereof.
Goodwill has been allocated to cash generating unit groupings, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting
purposes. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of each cash generating unit grouping to its recoverable amount.
An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
Intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting
purposes.
Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment. If indicators of
impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and recognized as necessary. Impairment is assessed by comparing the




                                                                                                                                                                             GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
carrying values of the assets to their recoverable amounts. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset's carrying
amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B
Finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment and assess whether the amortization
periods and methods are appropriate. If indicators of impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and then the
amortization of these assets is adjusted or impairment is recognized as necessary.

(k) Fee and Other Income Recognition
Fee income includes fees earned from management of investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders, proprietary mutual
fund assets, record-keeping, fees earned on administrative services only Group health contracts, commissions and fees earned from
management services. Fee and other income is recognized on the transfer of services to customers for the amount that reflects the consideration
expected to be received in exchange for those services promised.
The Company has sub-advisor arrangements where the Company retains the primary obligation with the client; as a result, fee income earned is
reported on a gross basis with the corresponding sub-advisor expense recorded in operating and administrative expenses.

(l)   Owner Occupied Properties and Fixed Assets
Property held for own use and fixed assets are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation, disposals and impairments. Depreciation is
expensed over the estimated useful lives of the assets, using the straight-line method, on the following bases:
                     Owner occupied properties                                      15 - 20 years
                     Furniture and fixtures                                          5 - 10 years
                     Other fixed assets                                              3 - 10 years
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at least annually and adjusted if necessary.

(m) Deferred Acquisition Costs
Included in other assets are deferred acquisition costs related to investment contracts and service contracts. These are recognized as assets if
the costs are incremental and incurred due to the contract being issued and are primarily amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
contract, not to exceed 20 years.

(n) Segregated Funds
Segregated fund assets and liabilities arise from contracts where all financial risks associated with the related assets are borne by policyholders
and are presented separately on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The assets and liabilities are set equal to the fair value of the underlying asset
portfolio. Segregated fund contacts are classified as insurance contracts or investment contracts following the classification criteria described in
                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   125

                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            13
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          B  111
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  the accounting policy for Insurance Contracts, Investment Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held. Investment income and changes in fair
                                  value of the segregated fund assets are offset by a corresponding change in the segregated fund liabilities. The Company accounts for
                                  guarantees on its segregated fund products within insurance contract liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

                                  (o) Insurance Contracts, Investment Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held
                                  Contract Classification
                                  Insurance Contracts
                                  Under IFRS 17, the Company identifies insurance contracts as arrangements where the Company accepts significant insurance risk from
                                  another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder or beneficiary of the contract for specified uncertain future events
                                  that adversely affect the policyholder and whose amount and timing is unknown.
                                  The Company determines whether a contract contains significant insurance risk by assessing if an insured event could cause the Company to
                                  pay to the policyholder additional amounts that are significant in any single scenario with commercial substance even if the insured event is
                                  extremely unlikely or the expected present value of the contingent cash flows is a small proportion of the expected present value of the
                                  remaining cash flows from the insurance contract. In making this assessment, the Company considers all its substantive rights and obligations,
                                  whether they arise from contract, law or regulation.
                                  When the Company issues insurance contracts to compensate another entity for claims arising from one or more insurance contracts issued by
                                  that other entity, the associated contracts are reinsurance contracts issued which is part of insurance contracts issued.
                                  Investment Contracts
                                  In the absence of significant insurance risk, the Company classifies contracts as investment contracts or service contracts. Investment contracts
                                  with discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 17 and investment contracts without discretionary
                                  participating features are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. The Company has not classified any contracts as investment contracts with
                                  discretionary participating features.
                                  Investment contracts may be reclassified as insurance contracts after inception if insurance risk becomes significant. A contract that is classified
                                  as an insurance contract at contract inception remains as such until all rights and obligations under the contract are extinguished or expire.
                                  Investment contracts are contracts that carry financial risk, which is the risk of a possible future change in one or more of the following: interest
                                  rate, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, or credit rating. Refer to note 7 for discussion of risk management.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Investment contracts are measured at FVTPL in order to eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise
                                  from measuring the assets that back the contract on different bases.


PART B
                                  Reinsurance Contracts Held
                                  The Company enters into arrangements to transfer insurance risk, along with the respective premiums, to one or more reinsurers who will share
                                  the risks. To the extent that assuming reinsurers are unable to meet their obligations, the Company remains liable to its policyholders for the
                                  portion reinsured. Contracts of this nature are defined as reinsurance contracts held.

                                  Separating Components from Insurance and Reinsurance Contracts
                                  At inception, the Company separates the following components from an insurance or reinsurance contract held and accounts for them as if they
                                  were stand-alone financial instruments:
                                  •     Derivatives embedded in the contract which have economic characteristics and risks that are not closely related to those of the host
                                        contract, and which have terms that would not meet the definition of an insurance or reinsurance contract held as a stand-alone
                                        instrument; and
                                  •     Distinct investment components: investment components that are not highly inter-related with the insurance components and for which
                                        contracts with equivalent terms are sold, or could be sold, separately in the same market or the same jurisdiction.
                                  After separating any financial instrument components, the Company separates any promises to transfer distinct goods or non-insurance
                                  services to policyholders and accounts for them as separate contracts with customers. A good or service is distinct if the policyholder can benefit
                                  from it either on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the policyholder. A good or service is not distinct and is accounted
                                  for together with the insurance component if the cash flows and risks associated with the good or service are highly inter-related with the cash
                                  flows and risks associated with the insurance component, and the Company provides a significant service of integrating the good or service with
                                  the insurance component.

                                  Level of Aggregation
                                  The Company determines its level of aggregation for the insurance contracts issued by dividing the business written into portfolios. Portfolios
                                  comprise groups of contracts with similar risks which are managed together. The Company has defined portfolios of insurance contracts issued
                                  based on its product lines. Portfolios are further disaggregated into groups of contracts that are issued within an annual period (typically a
                                  financial year) and are further divided into onerous contracts, contracts that have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently,
                                  and all other profitable contracts. An insurance contract is onerous if, at the date of initial recognition, the estimated fulfillment cash flow
                                  expectations determined on a probability-weighted basis is a net outflow. The Company’s evaluation of whether contracts are onerous is based
                                  on reasonable and supportable information. The Company has not identified any groups of insurance contracts that have no significant
                                  possibility of becoming onerous subsequently.



                                  126   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   14
                                        B  112                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


In determining groups of contracts, the Company has elected to include in the same group contracts where its ability to set prices or levels of
benefits for policyholders with different characteristics is constrained by regulation. Contracts are aggregated into groups once they have been
initially recognized.
The Company has defined portfolios of reinsurance contracts held based on the portfolios of the underlying insurance contracts issued. Groups
of reinsurance contracts held that are entered into within an annual period (typically a financial year) are divided based on whether they are in
a net gain or net loss position at initial recognition.
Some reinsurance contracts held provide cover for underlying contracts that are included in different groups. However, these contracts’ legal
form of a single contract reflects the substance of the Company’s contractual rights and obligations, considering that the different remaining
coverages lapse together and are not sold separately. As a result, the reinsurance contract held is not separated into multiple insurance
components that relate to different underlying groups.

Initial Recognition
The Company recognizes a group of insurance contracts that it issues from the earliest of:
•    The beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts;
•    The date when the first payment from a policyholder in the group becomes due or when the first payment is received if there is no due
     date; and
•    For a group of onerous contracts, when the group becomes onerous if facts and circumstances indicate there is such a group.
A group of reinsurance contracts held is recognized on the following date:
•    Reinsurance contracts held initiated by the Company that provide proportionate coverage: the date on which any underlying insurance
     contract is initially recognized;
•    Other reinsurance contracts held initiated by the Company: the beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance contracts.
     However, if the Company recognizes an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts on an earlier date and the related reinsurance
     contract held was entered into before that earlier date, then the group of reinsurance contracts held is recognized on that earlier date; and
•    Reinsurance contracts held that are acquired by the Company: the date of acquisition.




                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Contract Boundaries
The Company includes in the measurement of a group of insurance and reinsurance contracts held all the future cash flows within the
boundary of each contract in the group. Cash flows are within the boundary of a contract if they arise from substantive rights and obligations

                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B
that exist during the reporting period in which the Company can compel the policyholder to pay the premiums (or is compelled to pay amounts
to a reinsurer), or in which the Company has a substantive obligation to provide the policyholder with services (or receive services from a
reinsurer). A substantive obligation to provide services ends when:
•    The Company has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the particular policyholder and, as a result, can set a price or level of benefits
     that fully reflects those risks, or
•    Both the following criteria are satisfied:
     •    The Company has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the portfolio of insurance contracts that contain the contract and, as a
          result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects the risk of that portfolio; and
     •    The pricing of the premiums for coverage up to the date when the risks are reassessed does not take into account the risks that relate
          to periods after the reassessment date.
For reinsurance contracts held, a substantive obligation to receive services ends when the reinsurer has the practical ability to reassess the risk
transferred to it and, as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects those risks, or the reinsurer has the substantive right to
terminate the coverage.
For insurance contracts with renewal periods, the Company assesses whether premiums and related cash flows that arise from the renewed
contract are within the contract boundary. The pricing of renewals is established by the Company after considering the risks and terms of
coverage for the policyholder, with reference to the pricing of contracts with equivalent risks and terms on the renewal dates. The Company
reassesses the contract boundary of each group at the end of each reporting period.
Liabilities or assets relating to expected premiums or claims outside the boundary of the insurance contract are not recognized - such amounts
relate to future insurance contracts.

Measurement of Insurance Contracts
There are three measurement models provided by IFRS 17 to measure insurance contracts:
•    The General Measurement Model (GMM);
•    The Variable Fee Approach (VFA); and
•    The Premium Allocation Approach (PAA).




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   127

                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            15
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  113
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The General Measurement Model
                                  The Company applies this model to its medium to long-term insurance products, such as individual protection, payout annuities, and longevity
                                  swaps.
                                  Initial Measurement
                                  On initial recognition, the Company measures a group of insurance contracts as the total of the fulfillment cash flows, and the CSM.
                                  Fulfillment Cash Flows
                                  Fulfillment cash flows comprise probability-weighted estimates of future cash flows, discounted to reflect the time value of money and the
                                  associated financial risks, plus a risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
                                  The Company estimates future contractual cash flows within the contracts’ boundary by considering evidence from current and past
                                  conditions, as well as possible future conditions to reflect market and non-market variables impacting the valuation of cash flows. The estimates
                                  of these cash flows are based on probability-weighted expected values that reflect the average of a full range of possible outcomes and includes
                                  an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk. The risk adjustment is the compensation the Company receives in fulfilling an insurance
                                  contract that arises from uncertainties surrounding the amount and timing of cash flows for non-financial risks. The non-financial risk
                                  assumptions are mortality, longevity, morbidity, lapse, and expense. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically for appropriateness
                                  in reflecting current, past, and future conditions.
                                  When estimating fulfillment cash flows, the Company includes all cash flows that are within the contract boundary including:
                                  •     Premiums and related cashflows;
                                  •     Claims and benefits, including reported claims not yet paid, incurred claims not yet reported and expected future claims;
                                  •     Premium and other transaction-based taxes and cash flows from loans to policyholders;
                                  •     Insurance acquisition cash flows which are allocated to groups of contracts on a systematic and rational basis;
                                  •     Other fixed and variable expenses directly attributable to the fulfillment of insurance contracts;
                                  •     Investment expenses incurred in investment activities related to underlying items such as universal life funds and segregated fund account




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        balances; and
                                  •     The impact of funds withheld for reinsurance contracts issued to manage credit risk.
                                  Contractual Service Margin

PART B                            The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides
                                  services under those contracts.
                                  On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance
                                  acquisition cash flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In this case, the CSM is
                                  measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or expenses arising on initial recognition.
                                  Discount Rates
                                  The Company measures time value of money using discount rates that are consistent with observable market prices and reflect the liquidity
                                  characteristics of the insurance contracts. They exclude the effect of factors that influence such observable market prices but do not affect the
                                  future cash flows of the insurance contracts (e.g., credit risk).
                                  The Company applies the top-down approach for insurance contract liabilities with backing assets. Under this approach, discount rates are
                                  estimated by starting from the yield curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets that closely reflects the duration, currency, and liquidity
                                  characteristics of the insurance cash flows, and then excluding the effects of risks (e.g., credit risk) present in the cash flows from the financial
                                  instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but not in the insurance contracts cash flows. The allowance for credit risk in the discount
                                  rate varies depending on the credit rating, sector and term of the assets reflected in the discount rate. The allowance is estimated based on
                                  historic credit experience and prevailing market conditions. For example, if there is a significant widening of market credit spreads, an
                                  additional allowance for credit risk to reduce the discount rate may be required to reflect prevailing market conditions. The Company uses the
                                  fixed-income assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities as the reference portfolio to determine the discount rates, in the observable
                                  period, while the discount rates in the unobservable period are based on an ultimate investment rate. In situations where the fixed-income
                                  assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities do not appropriately reflect the illiquidity characteristics of the liability, an additional
                                  adjustment is made to the discount rate.
                                  In cases where there are no backing assets, the Company applies the bottom-up approach to set the discount rate. This approach uses a risk-
                                  free rate, plus a spread to reflect the liquidity characteristics of the liability. Risk-free rates are determined by reference to highly liquid
                                  government securities in the currency of the insurance contract liability, and the spread is derived from an external benchmark.
                                  Risk Adjustment
                                  The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that the Company requires for bearing uncertainty in the amount and
                                  timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk. Non-financial risks are insurance risks such as life mortality, annuity mortality
                                  and morbidity, and other risks such as expense and lapse. The risk adjustment is calculated by applying a margin to non-financial assumptions
                                  and discounting the resulting margin cash flows at the same discount rates as the best estimate cash flows. The margins applied reflect
                                  diversification benefits across all non-financial risks. The Company’s target range for the confidence level of the risk adjustment is between the
                                  128   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   16
                                        B  114                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


85th and 90th percentile, and the risk adjustment is currently within the target range. The confidence level is determined on a net-of-
reinsurance basis.
Insurance Acquisition Cash Flows
Insurance acquisition cash flows arise from selling and underwriting activities required to initiate a group of contracts.
Any assets or liabilities for insurance acquisition cash flows recognized before the corresponding insurance contracts are recognized and
included in the carrying amount of the related groups of insurance contracts issued. Judgments are applied by management to determine which
costs are directly attributable to the issuance of a group of contracts and the portion of those costs that are allocated to groups of contracts
arising from expected renewals.
The asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that
impairment may have occurred. In testing for impairment, the carrying value of the asset is compared to the expected net cash inflow for the
related group of insurance contracts.
Additionally, if a portion of the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows has been allocated to future renewals of the related group of contracts,
the carrying value of the asset is compared to the expected net cash inflow for those expected renewals. If the carrying value exceeds the
expected net cash inflows described above, a loss is recognized in the insurance service result. In the event that facts and circumstances indicate
the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is no longer impaired, the impairment loss, or a portion thereof, is reversed.
Subsequent Measurement
The carrying amount of a group of insurance contracts at each reporting date is the sum of the liability for remaining coverage and the liability
for incurred claims.
•    The liability for remaining coverage comprises the fulfillment cash flows that relate to services that will be provided under the contracts in
     future periods and any remaining CSM at that date.
•    The liability for incurred claims comprises the fulfillment cash flows for incurred claims and expenses that have not yet been paid,
     including claims that have been incurred but not yet reported.
The fulfillment cash flows for groups of insurance contracts are measured at the reporting date using current estimates of future cash flows,
current discount rates, and current estimates of risk adjustment for non-financial risk.




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
For a group of insurance contracts, the carrying amount of the CSM of the group at the end of the reporting period equals the carrying amount
at the start of the reporting period, adjusted for:


                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
•    The CSM of any new contracts that are added to the group in the period;
•    Interest accreted on the carrying amount of the CSM during the period, measured at the discount rates on nominal cash flows that do not
     vary based on the returns on any underlying items determined on initial recognition;
•    The changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to future services (measured using initial recognition discount rates), except to the extent
     that:
     •    Any increases in the fulfillment cash flows that exceed the carrying amount of the CSM, in which case the excess is recognized as a
          loss in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and creates a loss component; or
     •    Any decreases in the fulfillment cash flows are allocated to the loss component, reversing losses previously recognized in the
          Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
•    The effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM; and
•    The amount recognized as insurance revenue because of the services provided in the period.
The changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to future services that adjust the CSM comprise of:
•    Experience adjustments arising from premium and premium related cash flows received in the period that relate to future services;
•    Changes in both estimates of the present value of future cash flows and risk adjustment in the liability for remaining coverage, measured at
     the discount rates determined on initial recognition, except for those that relate to the effects of the time value of money and financial risk
     changes; and
•    Differences between any investment components not separated from the contract expected to become payable in the period (after
     allowing for financial experience variance) and the actual investment component that becomes payable in the period, measured at the
     discount rates determined on initial recognition.
Changes in expected future discretionary cash flows are regarded as an assumption relating to future services and accordingly adjust the CSM.
Changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to current or past service are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as part of the
insurance service result. Changes that relate to the effects of the time value of money and financial risk are recognized in insurance finance
income or expenses.




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   129

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            17
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  115
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Variable Fee Approach
                                  The Company applies this model to contracts with direct participating features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business
                                  with insurance guarantees, where an investment return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of
                                  assets).
                                  Recognition
                                  The Company will recognize an insurance contract under the VFA if it meets all of the following conditions at initial recognition:
                                  •     The policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of underlying items;
                                  •     The Company expects to pay the policyholder an amount equal to a substantial share of the returns from the underlying items; and
                                  •     The substantial proportion of the cash flows the Company expects to pay to the policyholder is expected to vary with cash flows from the
                                        underlying items.
                                  The Company performs the test for VFA qualification at initial recognition.
                                  Initial Measurement
                                  Similar to the GMM, the VFA initially measures the insurance contract liabilities as the fulfillment cash flows plus CSM.
                                  Subsequent Measurement
                                  For a group of insurance contracts applying the VFA, the carrying amount of the CSM of the group at the end of the reporting period equals the
                                  carrying amount at the beginning of the reporting period adjusted for the following:
                                  •     The effect of any new contracts added to the group;
                                  •     The Company’s share of the change in the fair value of the underlying items, except to the extent that:
                                        •    The Company has a previously documented risk-management objective and strategy for using derivatives to mitigate financial risk
                                             arising from the insurance contracts, as it does for the insured assets contracts;
                                        •    The Company’s share of a decrease in the fair value of the underlying items exceeds the carrying amount of the contractual service




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                             margin, giving rise to a loss; or
                                        •    The Company’s share of an increase in the fair value of the underlying items reverses the amount previously recognized as a loss.


PART B
                                  •     The changes in fulfillment cash flows, relating to future service, except to the extent that:
                                        •    The Company has a previously documented risk-management objective and strategy for using derivatives to mitigate financial risk
                                             arising from the insurance contracts, as it does for insured assets contracts;
                                        •    Such increases in the fulfillment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the contractual service margin, giving rise to a loss; or
                                        •    Such decreases in the fulfillment cash flows are allocated to the loss component of the liability for remaining coverage.
                                  •     The effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM; and
                                  •     The amount recognized as insurance revenue because of the services provided in the period.
                                  Risk Mitigation
                                  The Company mitigates the financial risks created by guarantees embedded in some of their insurance contracts with direct participation
                                  features through the use of derivatives and reinsurance contracts held. The derivatives are in the scope of IFRS 9 with changes in their fair value
                                  reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. In applying risk mitigation, the financial impact on the guarantees embedded in these
                                  direct participating contracts do not adjust the CSM and are also reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

                                  Premium Allocation Approach
                                  The Company applies this model to its short-term insurance products, such as group life and health.
                                  Recognition
                                  Contracts with Coverage Periods of One Year or Less
                                  The Company applies the PAA to measure the liability for remaining coverage of insurance contracts with coverage periods of one year or less.
                                  Contracts with Coverage Periods of More than One Year
                                  The Company applies the PAA to contracts with coverage periods longer than one year that are relatively stable and have low variability in
                                  fulfillment cash flows. The low variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates there is no material difference in the liability for remaining coverage
                                  measured under the PAA as compared to the GMM. Generally, this applies to products with rate guarantees between 2 and 5 years.
                                  New groups of insurance contracts are assessed to determine whether they can be measured using the PAA at initial recognition.
                                  The eligibility test for the PAA model will not be subsequently performed after initial recognition unless there are substantial changes to the
                                  terms of the groups of insurance contracts.


                                  130   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   18
                                        B  116                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Measurement
Initial Measurement of the Liability for Remaining Coverage
On initial recognition, the liability for remaining coverage is initially measured as the premiums received in the period minus any insurance
acquisition cash flows not expensed, plus or minus any amount caused by the derecognition of an acquisition cash flow asset or liability which
represents any acquisition costs that were paid before the contracts were recognized.
Insurance acquisition costs are included as fulfillment cash flows of the liability and are allocated over the contract boundary on a straight-line
basis. For contracts with expected future renewals, a portion of the acquisition costs are capitalized as an asset and deferred until the future
contract renewals are recognized.
The fulfillment cash flows of contracts with coverage periods of more than one year are discounted to reflect the impact of financial risk on the
contract. The discount rates used reflect the characteristics of the contract cash flows. For contracts where premiums are received within one
year of the coverage period, the Company has elected not to adjust the liability for the time value of money.
Subsequent Measurement
At the end of each reporting period, the Company measures the liability for remaining coverage for contracts under the PAA as the carrying
amount of the liability for remaining coverage at the beginning of the period, adjusted for the following:
•    Add the premiums received in the period;
•    Less any insurance acquisition cash flows during the period not directly expensed;
•    Add the amortization of acquisition cash flows, plus any adjustments to a financing component;
•    Less the amount recognized as insurance revenue for the coverage provided in the period; and
•    Less any investment components paid or transferred to the liability for incurred claims.
If circumstances indicate that a contract under the PAA model has become onerous, a loss is immediately recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings, and a separate component of the liability for remaining coverage is created to record this loss component. The loss is
measured as the difference between the fulfillment cash flows that relate to the remaining coverage of the group and the current carrying
amount of the liability for remaining coverage using the measurement described above.




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The liability for incurred claims is measured under the same approach as the GMM, which is the fulfillment cash flows related to incurred
claims. When claims are expected to be settled less than one year after being incurred, the Company has elected not to discount the liability for
incurred claims.

Measurement of Reinsurance Contracts Held                                                                                                                                                  PART B
The General Measurement Model
The accounting policies used to measure a group of insurance contracts under the GMM apply to the measurement of a group of reinsurance
contracts held, with the following modifications:
•    The carrying amount of a group of reinsurance contracts held at each reporting date is the sum of the remaining coverage component and
     the incurred claims component. The remaining coverage component comprises:
     •    The fulfillment cash flows that relate to services that will be received under the contracts in future periods; and
     •    Any remaining CSM at that date.
The Company measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows using assumptions that are consistent with those used to
measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance contracts, with an adjustment for any risk of non-
performance by the reinsurer. The effect of the non-performance risk of the reinsurer is assessed at each reporting date and the effect of changes
in the non-performance risk is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
The risk adjustment for non-financial risk is the amount of the risk transferred by the Company to the reinsurer.
On initial recognition, the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held represents a net cost or net gain on purchasing reinsurance. It is
measured as the equal and opposite amount of the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for cash flows occurring before
the recognition of the group, any cash flows arising at that date and any income recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings because
of onerous underlying contracts recognized at that date. However, if any net cost on purchasing reinsurance coverage relates to insured events
that occurred before the purchase of the group, then the Company recognizes the cost immediately in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
as an expense.
The Company adjusts the carrying amount of the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held at the end of a reporting period to reflect
changes in the fulfillment cash flows applying the same approach as for insurance contracts issued, except when the underlying contract is
onerous and the change in the fulfillment cash flows for underlying insurance contracts is recognized in profit or loss by adjusting the loss
component. The respective changes in reinsurance contracts held is also recognized in profit and loss (adjusting the loss recovery component).
Funds withheld under reinsurance contracts held to manage credit risk are included in the carrying amount of the reinsurance contracts held
asset.



                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   131

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            19
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  117
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Premium Allocation Approach
                                  The Company holds reinsurance contracts with the direct insurance contracts it issues. The reinsurance contracts held that are eligible for the
                                  PAA and have underlying direct contracts measured under the PAA are also classified and measured under the PAA.
                                  Onerous Underlying Insurance Contracts
                                  The Company adjusts the CSM of the group to which a reinsurance contract held belongs and as a result recognizes income when it recognizes
                                  a loss on initial recognition of onerous underlying contracts, if the reinsurance contract held is entered into before or at the same time as the
                                  onerous underlying contracts are recognized. The adjustment to the CSM is determined by multiplying:
                                  •     The amount of the loss that relates to the underlying contracts; and
                                  •     The percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that the Company expects to recover from the reinsurance contracts held.
                                  For reinsurance contracts held that are acquired by the Company in a transfer of contracts or a business combination covering onerous
                                  underlying contracts, the adjustment to the CSM is determined by multiplying:
                                  •     The amount of the loss component that relates to the underlying contracts at the date of acquisition; and
                                  •     The percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that the Company expects at the date of acquisition to recover from the reinsurance
                                        contracts held.
                                  A loss recovery component is created or adjusted for the group of reinsurance contracts held to depict the adjustment to the CSM, which
                                  determines the amounts that are subsequently presented in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as reversals of recoveries of losses from
                                  the reinsurance contracts held and are excluded from the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid in the net expense from reinsurance
                                  contracts held.

                                  Measurement of Investment Contracts
                                  Investment contracts are recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the contract. At recognition, the
                                  Company measures an investment contract at its fair value. Transaction costs that are incremental and directly attributable to the acquisition or
                                  issue of the investment contract are expensed as incurred.
                                  When the fair value of the investment contract differs from the transaction price on initial recognition, the Company recognizes the difference




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  as follows:
                                  •     When the fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability (i.e., a Level 1 input) or based on a
                                        valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, the difference is recognized as a gain or loss.

PART B
                                  •     In all other cases, the difference is deferred, and the timing of recognition of deferred day one profit or loss is determined individually. It is
                                        either amortized over the life of the instrument, deferred until the instrument’s fair value can be determined using market observable
                                        inputs or realized through settlement.
                                  Investment contracts are subsequently measured at FVTPL where the fair value is set to the higher of the market value of the assets supporting
                                  the liability balance and the result of discounting risk-adjusted cash flows using rates derived from a reference portfolio or stochastic modeling.
                                  The Company’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that market participants would consider and make maximum use of
                                  observable market data.

                                  Coverage Units
                                  Amortization of the Contractual Service Margin
                                  The CSM is a component of the group of insurance contracts that represents the unearned profit the Company will recognize as it provides
                                  services in the future. An amount of the CSM for a group of insurance contracts is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as
                                  insurance revenue in each period to reflect the services provided under the group of insurance contracts in that period. The amount that is
                                  recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the current period is determined by identifying the coverage units in the group,
                                  allocating the CSM at the end of the period to each coverage unit provided in the current period and expected to be provided in the future
                                  periods.
                                  The number of coverage units in a group is the quantity of coverage provided by the contracts in the group, which is determined by considering
                                  the quantity of the benefits provided and the expected coverage duration.
                                  For reinsurance contracts issued, the number of coverage units in a group reflects the expected pattern of underwriting of the underlying
                                  contracts because the level of service provided depends on the number of underlying contracts in-force.
                                  For reinsurance contracts held, the CSM amortization is similar to the reinsurance contracts issued and reflects the expected pattern of
                                  underwriting of the underlying contracts because the level of service provided depends on the number of underlying contracts in-force.

                                  Insurance Revenue
                                  The Company’s insurance revenue depicts the provision of services arising from a group of insurance contracts at an amount that reflects the
                                  consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those services. Insurance revenue from a group of insurance
                                  contracts is therefore the relevant portion for the period of the total consideration for the contracts, (i.e., the amount of premiums paid to the
                                  Company adjusted for financing effect (the time value of money) and excluding any investment components).



                                  132   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   20
                                        B  118                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Insurance Finance Income or Expenses
Insurance finance income or expenses comprise the change in the carrying amount of the group of insurance contracts arising from:
•    The effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of money; and
•    The effect of financial risk and changes in financial risk.
The Company has elected to recognize insurance finance income or expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

Net Income or Expense from Reinsurance Contracts Held
The Company presents separately in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings the amounts expected to be recovered from reinsurers, and an
allocation of the reinsurance premiums paid. The Company treats reinsurance cash flows that are contingent on claims on the underlying
contracts as part of the claims that are expected to be reimbursed under the reinsurance contract held, and excludes investment components
and commissions from an allocation of reinsurance premiums presented in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Amounts relating to the
recovery of losses relating to reinsurance of onerous direct contracts are included as amounts recoverable from the reinsurer.

Contract Modifications and Derecognition
Contract Modifications
When the terms of insurance contracts are modified, the Company assesses whether the modification is substantial enough to lead to the
derecognition of the original contract and recognition of a new modified contract as if it was entered for the first time. If the contract
modification does not lead to a re-recognition of the contract, then the effect of the modification is treated as a change in the estimates of
fulfillment cash flows which is recorded as an experience adjustment to the existing contract.
Derecognition of Contracts
The Company derecognizes a contract when it is extinguished, which is when the specified obligations in the contract expire or are discharged
or cancelled.
When an insurance contract not accounted for under the PAA is derecognized from within a group of insurance contracts:
•    The fulfillment cash flows allocated to the group are adjusted to eliminate those that relate to the rights and obligations derecognized;




                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•    The CSM of the group is adjusted for the change in the fulfillment cash flows, except where such changes are allocated to a loss
     component; and
•    The number of coverage units for the expected remaining coverage is adjusted to reflect the coverage units derecognized from the group.

                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B
If a contract is derecognized because it is transferred to a third party, then the CSM is also adjusted for the premium charged by the third party,
unless the group is onerous.
When an insurance contract accounted for under the PAA is derecognized, adjustments to the fulfillment cash flows to remove related rights
and obligations and account for the effect of the derecognition result in the following amounts being charged immediately to the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings:
•    If the contract is extinguished, any net difference between the derecognized part of the liability for remaining coverage of the original
     contract and any other cash flows arising from extinguishment; and
•    If the contract is transferred to the third party, any difference between the derecognized part of the liability for remaining coverage of the
     original contract and the premium charged by the third party.

(p) Deferred Income Reserves
Included in other liabilities are deferred income reserves relating to investment contracts. These are amortized on a straight-line basis to
recognize the initial policy fees over the policy term, not to exceed 20 years.

(q) Income Taxes
The income tax expense for the period represents the sum of current income tax and deferred income tax. Income tax is recognized as an
expense or income in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items that are recognized outside profit or loss (whether in other
comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case the income tax is also recognized outside profit or loss.

Current Income Tax
Current income tax is based on taxable income for the year. Current income tax liabilities (assets) for the current and prior periods are
measured at the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) the taxation authorities using the tax rates that have been enacted or
substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in each respective jurisdiction. Current income tax assets and current income tax liabilities are
offset if a legally enforceable right exists to offset the recognized amounts and the entity intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the
assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
A provision for tax treatment uncertainties which meet the probable threshold for recognition is measured using either the most likely amount
or the expected value, depending upon which method provides the better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty. The provision for tax
uncertainties will be classified as current or deferred based on how a disallowance of the underlying uncertain tax treatment would impact the
tax provision accrual as of the balance sheet date.


                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   133

                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            21
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  119
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Deferred Income Tax
                                  Deferred income tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences arising between the carrying amounts of assets and
                                  liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable income and is accounted
                                  for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred income tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences and
                                  deferred income tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible
                                  temporary differences, unused tax losses and carryforwards can be utilized.
                                  Recognition is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax planning opportunities available to allow
                                  the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods may adversely impact the assessment of the
                                  recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in establishing the deferred income tax assets. The Company's annual
                                  financial planning process provides a significant basis for the measurement of deferred income tax assets.
                                  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the liability is
                                  settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date. Deferred income tax assets
                                  and deferred income tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to net current income tax assets against current income tax
                                  liabilities and the deferred income taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
                                  The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
                                  that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognized deferred income
                                  tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognized to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will
                                  allow the deferred income tax asset to be recovered.
                                  Deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and associates, except
                                  where the group controls the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse
                                  in the foreseeable future.

                                  (r)    Repurchase Agreements
                                  The Company accounts for certain forward settling to be announced security transactions as derivatives as the Company does not regularly
                                  accept delivery of such securities when issued.

                                  (s)    Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Company’s subsidiaries maintain contributory and non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.
                                  The Company’s subsidiaries also provide post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their
                                  dependents.

PART B
                                  The present value of the defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost is determined using the projected unit credit method
                                  (note 26). Pension plan assets are recorded at fair value.
                                  For the defined benefit plans of the Company’s subsidiaries, service costs and net interest costs are recognized in the Consolidated Statements
                                  of Earnings. Service costs include current service cost, administration expenses, past service costs and the impact of curtailments and
                                  settlements. To determine the net interest costs (income) recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, the Company's subsidiaries
                                  apply a discount rate to the net benefit liability (asset), where the discount rate is determined by reference to market yields at the beginning of
                                  the year on high quality corporate bonds.
                                  For the defined benefit plans of the Company’s subsidiaries, re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability (asset) due to asset returns less
                                  (greater) than interest income, actuarial losses (gains) and changes in the asset ceiling are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
                                  Comprehensive Income.
                                  The Company’s subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors. For the defined contribution
                                  plans of the Company’s subsidiaries, the current service costs are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

                                  (t)    Equity
                                  Financial instruments issued by the Company are classified as share capital if they represent a residual interest in the assets of the Company.
                                  Preferred share capital is classified as equity if it is non-redeemable, or retractable only at the Company’s option and any dividends are
                                  discretionary.
                                  Limited recourse capital notes are classified as share capital as the Company has the sole discretion to settle the obligation to noteholders
                                  through the issuance of a fixed number of the Company’s own equity instruments. Interest incurred on these instruments is expensed within
                                  financing costs in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  Incremental costs that are directly attributable to the issue of share capital are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of income tax.
                                  Contributed surplus represents the vesting expense on unexercised equity instruments under share-based payment plans.
                                  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) represents the total of the unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign
                                  operations, the unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations, the unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI assets,
                                  the unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, the re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans
                                  net of tax and the revaluation surplus on transfer to investment properties, where applicable.
                                  Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries represents the proportion of equity that is attributable to minority shareholders.


                                  134   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   22
                                        B  120                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Participating account surplus in subsidiaries represents the proportion of equity attributable to the participating account of the Company's
subsidiaries.

(u) Share-Based Payments
The Company provides share-based compensation to certain employees and Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries.
The Company follows the fair value based method of accounting for the valuation of compensation expense for shares and share options
granted to employees under its stock option plans (note 25). This share-based payment expense is recognized in operating and administrative
expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and as an increase to contributed surplus over the vesting period of the granted options.
When options are exercised, the proceeds received, along with the amount in contributed surplus, are transferred to share capital.
The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have Deferred Share Unit Plans (DSU Plans) in which the Directors and certain employees of the
Company participate. Units issued to Directors under the DSU Plans vest when granted. Units issued to certain employees under the DSU Plans
primarily vest over a three year period. The Company recognizes an increase in operating and administrative expenses for the units granted
under the DSU Plans. The Company recognizes a liability for units granted under the DSU Plans which is remeasured at each reporting period
based on the market value of the Company’s common shares.
Certain employees of the Company are entitled to participate in the Performance Share Unit Plan (PSU Plan). Units issued under the PSU Plan
vest over a three year period. The Company uses the fair value method to recognize compensation expense for the units granted under the plan
over the vesting period, net of related hedges. The liability is remeasured at fair value at each reporting period.
The Company has an Employee Share Ownership Program (ESOP) where, subject to certain conditions being met, the Company will match
contributions up to a maximum amount. The Company’s contributions are expensed within operating and administrative expenses as incurred.

(v) Earnings Per Common Share
Earnings per common share is calculated using net earnings after preferred share dividends and the weighted average number of common
shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting common shareholders' net earnings and the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares assuming that all convertible instruments are converted
and outstanding options whose exercise price is less than the average market price of common shares during the period are exercised.

(w) Leases




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Where the Company is the lessee, a right-of-use asset and a lease liability are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as at the lease
commencement date.


                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
Right-of-use assets are initially measured based on the initial amount of lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the
commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore
the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentive received. Right-of-use assets are included within other assets with
the exception of right-of-use assets which meet the definition of investment property which are presented within investment properties and
subject to the Company's associated accounting policy. Right-of-use assets presented within other assets are depreciated to the earlier of the
useful life of the right-of-use asset or the lease term using the straight-line method. Depreciation expense on right-of-use assets is included
within operating and administrative expenses.
Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using
the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Company shall use the lessee's incremental borrowing
rate. Generally, the Company uses the lessee's incremental borrowing rate as its discount rate. The lease liability is measured at amortized cost
using the effective interest method and is included within other liabilities. Interest expense on lease liabilities is included within operating and
administrative expenses.
The Company has elected to apply a practical expedient not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a
lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets.
Where the Company is the lessor under an operating lease for its investment property, the assets subject to the lease arrangement are presented
within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income from these leases is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings on a straight-line
basis over the lease term.
Investments in a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee are classified as a finance lease. The
Company is the lessor under a finance lease and the investment is recognized as a receivable at an amount equal to the net investment in the
lease, which is represented as the present value of the minimum lease payments due from the lessee and is presented within the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Payments received from the lessee are apportioned between the recognition of finance lease income and the reduction of the
finance lease receivable. Income from the finance leases is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings at a constant periodic rate of
return on the Company’s net investment in the finance lease.

(x) Operating Segments
Operating segments have been identified based on internal reports that are regularly reviewed by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer to
allocate resources and assess performance of segments and for which discrete financial information is available. The Company’s operating
segments include Canada, United States, Europe, Capital and Risk Solutions, and Lifeco Corporate. The Canada segment comprises the
Individual Customer and Group Customer business units. Empower (financial services) and Putnam (asset management) are included in the
United States segment. The Europe segment comprises United Kingdom, Ireland, and Germany. Reinsurance is reported in the Capital and Risk


                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   135

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            23
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  121
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Solutions segment. The Lifeco Corporate segment represents activities and transactions that are not directly attributable to the measurement of
                                  the operating segments of the Company.

                                  (y) Future Accounting Policies
                                  New Standard                                      Summary of Future Changes
                                  IFRS 16 – Leases                                  In September 2022, the IASB published Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback, amendments to IFRS
                                                                                    16, Leases. The amendments clarify that in a sale and leaseback transaction, the seller-lessee cannot
                                                                                    recognize a gain or loss on the subsequent measurement of the lease liability related to the right of use
                                                                                    it retains.

                                                                                    These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024,
                                                                                    with earlier application permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact on its
                                                                                    consolidated financial statements as a result of these amendments.
                                  IAS 7 – Statement of Cash Flows and               In May 2023, the IASB published amendments to IAS 7, Statement of Cash Flows and IFRS 7,
                                  IFRS 7 – Financial Instruments:                   Financial Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments require an entity to provide additional
                                  Disclosures                                       disclosures about its supplier finance arrangements.
                                                                                    These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024,
                                                                                    with earlier application permitted. The Company does not anticipate a significant impact on its
                                                                                    consolidated financial statements as a result of these amendments.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
PART B




                                  136   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   24
                                        B  122                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3.    Transition to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 - Transition Impacts
IFRS 17
IFRS 17 introduces significant changes to the presentation of the Company's financial statements. Portfolios of insurance contracts issued, and
reinsurance contracts held that are assets and liabilities are respectively presented separately.
IFRS 17 also introduces significant measurement differences, including the following:
•    Reclassification of contracts from insurance to investment contracts;
•    Establishment of the CSM for in-force policies;
•    Net impact of removing margin for adverse deviations (mfads) and establishing a risk adjustment for non-financial risk;
•    Adjustment for difference in discount rates;
•    Adjustment for non-attributable expenses; and
•    Other measurement impacts.
Upon transition, IFRS 17 requires an entity to apply the standard retrospectively unless impracticable, in which case the entity shall use either
the modified retrospective approach or the fair value approach.
The full retrospective approach requires the Company to apply the guidance of IFRS 17 as if IFRS 17 had always been applied. It would be
considered impracticable in the following situations:
•    The necessary level of detail for historical information could not be obtained using a reasonable amount of effort; or
•    Estimates required for measurement at the appropriate level of detail could not be determined without the use of hindsight and/or
     professional judgment could not be applied to such estimates in accordance with the requirements of IFRS 17 or the Company's
     interpretations and established policies.
The Company has performed a cut-off date assessment (by region and product) to determine the contracts to which the full retrospective
approach can be applied. The Company applies the full retrospective approach to all identified insurance contracts unless it is impracticable,




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
where reasonable and supportable information necessary to complete the full retrospective approach is not available.
The fair value approach calculates the CSM or loss component of the liability for remaining coverage as the difference between the fair value of
a group of insurance contracts at the date of transition and the fulfillment cash flows measured at that date. The Company has applied the fair

                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
value approach to contracts where it was impracticable to apply the full retrospective approach.
The Company used an embedded value approach to determine the fair value within the fair value approach. Under the embedded value
approach, the fair value is measured as the third party’s present value of fulfillment cash flows, plus future costs of capital, less any future
profits. The cost of capital was measured as the total required capital multiplied by a hurdle rate, and the future profits are driven by the release
of risk adjustment and investment income on required capital. The development of the assumptions were based on a combination of publicly
available industry data, historic economic data and the Company’s own view of assumptions when the external data sources were not available.

IFRS 9
IFRS 9 introduces changes to the classification and measurement of financial instruments as well as the transition from an incurred loss model
under IAS 39 to an ECL model for the determination of allowances for credit losses.
Upon adoption of IFRS 9, the Company elected to present comparative information for its financial assets as if the classification and
measurement requirements of IFRS 9 had been applied in the comparative period (IFRS 9 overlay), as permitted by the amendment to IFRS 17
published by the IASB in December 2021.
The resulting changes in accounting policies from the adoption of these standards had an impact on the Company's opening equity balances.




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   137

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            25
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  123
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The quantitative impact of transitioning to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 is illustrated in the opening balance sheet reconciliation table below:

                                                                                        As Reported                                                                                       Restated
                                                                                          IFRS 4            Asset /                IFRS 9                                                IFRS 17 & 9
                                  Balance Sheet                                           IAS 39           Liability             Overlay                IFRS 17           Income     Balance Sheet
                                  Condensed View                                    Dec. 31, 2021      Reclassifications Measurement Measurement                            Tax          Jan. 1, 2022
                                  Assets

                                  Bonds                                             $       140,612    $                — $             2,043 $                      — $       —     $        142,655
                                  Mortgage loans                                             28,852                     —                  505                       —         —               29,357
                                  Stocks                                                     14,183                    16                    26                      —         —               14,225
                                  Insurance contract assets                                        —              1,533                      —                       —         —                1,533
                                  Other assets impacted by IFRS 17 & 9                       67,677             (18,723)                     —                     697       269               49,920
                                  Other assets not impacted by IFRS 17 & 9                   21,745                     —                    —                       —         —               21,745
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                          357,419                     —                    —                      —          —              357,419
                                  Total assets                                      $       630,488    $        (17,174) $              2,574 $                    697 $     269     $        616,854
                                  Liabilities

                                  Insurance contract liabilities                    $       208,378    $        (57,284) $                   — $                  6,816 $      —     $        157,910
                                  Investment contract liabilities                            12,455              41,239                      —                       —         —               53,694
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities                            —              1,290                                                                         1,290
                                  Other liabilities impacted by IFRS 17 & 9                  11,726               (1,874)                    —                       —       (413)              9,439
                                  Other liabilities not impacted by IFRS 17 & 9              10,027                     —                    —                       —         —               10,027




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Investments and insurance contracts on
                                     account of segregated fund policyholders               357,419            (357,419)                     —                       —         —                     —
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated
                                     fund policyholders                                            —             65,253                      —                      —          —               65,253

PART B
                                  Investment contracts on account of
                                     segregated fund policyholders                                 —            292,166                      —                      —          —              292,166
                                  Total liabilities                                         600,005             (16,629)                     —                    6,816      (413)            589,779
                                  Total equity                                               30,483                   (545)             2,574                 (6,119)        682               27,075
                                  Total liabilities and equity                      $       630,488    $        (17,174) $              2,574 $                    697 $     269     $        616,854

                                  The adoption of IFRS 17 and the IFRS 9 overlay resulted in an overall reduction to total assets of $13.6 billion, total liabilities of $10.2 billion, and
                                  total equity of $3.4 billion on the transition balance sheet as at January 1, 2022.
                                  Asset and liability reclassifications were driven by changes to the groupings of certain assets and liabilities. Significant reclassifications included
                                  $8.3 billion of loans to policyholders, $7.9 billion of funds held by ceding insurers, and $1.9 billion of premiums in the course of collection
                                  reclassified to insurance contract liabilities. In addition, $40.5 billion of insurance contract liabilities were reclassified to investment contract
                                  liabilities, and insurance contract assets of $1.5 billion and reinsurance contract held liabilities of $1.3 billion were established. The
                                  presentation of liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders was separated between insurance and investment contract liabilities.
                                  IFRS 9 adjustments primarily resulted in an increase to total assets of $2.6 billion due to a change in designation of certain bonds and mortgages
                                  held at amortized cost under IAS 39 to FVTPL under IFRS 9.
                                  IFRS 17 adjustments mainly resulted in an increase to insurance contract liabilities of $6.8 billion, which is primarily the result of the
                                  establishment of CSM for in-force contracts of $5.9 billion associated with the shareholders' account and $2.6 billion associated with the
                                  participating account, partially offset by the transition of risk adjustments from IFRS 4 to IFRS 17 of $2.0 billion. This does not include the CSM
                                  on in-force segregated fund business which does not have a material impact on capital.
                                  Total equity decreased by $3.4 billion, split $3.1 billion for the shareholders' account accumulated surplus, $0.2 billion for the participating
                                  account surplus, and $0.1 billion for accumulated other comprehensive income.
                                  Shareholders’ account accumulated surplus decreased by $3.1 billion primarily due to the establishment of the CSM of $6.3 billion and the
                                  adjustment for differences in the discount rate of $1.9 billion, offset by increases due to the transition of risk adjustments from IFRS 4 to IFRS 17
                                  of $2.0 billion and the impact of the initial application of the IFRS 9 overlay of $2.2 billion. All other impacts, including taxes, adjustments for
                                  non-attributable expenses and from reclassifications totaled an increase of $0.9 billion.
                                  The participating account surplus decrease of $0.2 billion was due to the impact of the initial application of IFRS 17 of $0.7 billion offset by the
                                  impact of the application of the IFRS 9 overlay of $0.5 billion.
                                  Accumulated other comprehensive income decreased by $0.1 billion due to the impact of the application of the IFRS 9 overlay.

                                  138   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                  26
                                        B  124                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Reconciliation of Consolidated Net Earnings from IFRS 4 and IAS 39 to IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 Overlay
                                                                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                                                                                          December 31, 2022
Net earnings under IFRS 4 and IAS 39, previously reported                                                                                 $               3,219
Impact of initial application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 overlay:
  Deferral of new business gains within CSM                                                                                                                   (170)
  CSM recognized in the period, net of impact of changes in liabilities for insurance related risks                                                           157
  Changes in impacts from assumption changes and management actions                                                                                           (131)
  Changes in market-related impacts                                                                                                                           653
  Other, including changes in insurance experience impacts                                                                                                    152
  Tax impacts                                                                                                                                                 (284)
Restated net earnings under IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 overlay                                                                                    $               3,596

CSM Movement by Measurement Component Upon Transition
Insurance contracts
  Insurance contracts under fair value approach
  CSM beginning balance, as at January 1, 2022                                                                                            $             10,197
  Change related to current service provided
     CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                                                     (947)
  Changes that relate to future service
     Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                                                                 917
  Total changes in insurance service result                                                                                                                    (30)
  Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                                                                                64
  Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                                                                         54




                                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Impact of acquisitions/dispositions                                                                                                                         294
Total change                                                                                                                                                  382


                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
  Other insurance contracts
  CSM beginning balance, as at January 1, 2022                                                                                                            2,859
  Change related to current service provided
     CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                                                     (222)
  Changes that relate to future service
     Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                                                               766
     Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                                                                 152
  Total changes in insurance service result                                                                                                                   696
  Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                                                                                52
  Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                                                                         (52)
Total change                                                                                                                                                  696
Net closing balance, as at December 31, 2022                                                                                              $             14,134


                                                                                                                                          For the year ended
                                                                                                                                          December 31, 2022
Insurance revenue
  Insurance revenue for contracts under fair value approach                                                                               $               7,546
  Insurance revenue for contracts under other approaches                                                                                                12,086
Total insurance revenue                                                                                                                   $             19,632




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    139

                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              27
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  125
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Reinsurance contracts held
                                        Reinsurance contracts held under fair value approach
                                        CSM beginning balance, as at January 1, 2022                                                                      $            938
                                        Change related to current service provided
                                          CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                          (82)
                                        Changes that relate to future service
                                          Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                                      3
                                          Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                                      11
                                        Total changes in insurance service result                                                                                       (68)
                                        Net finance expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                                 21
                                  Total change                                                                                                                          (47)


                                        Other reinsurance contracts held
                                        CSM beginning balance, as at January 1, 2022                                                                                   137
                                        Change related to current service provided
                                          CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                          (13)
                                        Changes that relate to future service
                                          Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                                    50
                                          Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                                      (53)
                                        Total changes in insurance service result                                                                                       (16)
                                        Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                                                    (1)
                                  Total change                                                                                                                          (17)
                                  Net closing balance, as at December 31, 2022                                                                            $           1,011




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
PART B




                                  140     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements       28
                                          B  126                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Transition to IFRS 9
Effect of Initial Application - IFRS 9 Assets
The following table shows the reconciliation of each class of financial asset from the original measurement category under IAS 39 to the new
measurement category under IFRS 9:

                                                                                                             Classification
                                                                                          IAS 39                                         IFRS 9
Financial Assets
Bonds
                                                                                    FVTPL (designated)                            FVTPL (designated)
                                                                                    FVTPL (designated)                                   FVOCI
                                                                                     FVTPL (classified)                           FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                  Available-for-Sale (AFS)                        FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                            AFS                                          FVOCI
                                                                                 Loans & Receivables (L&R)                        FVTPL (designated)
                                                                                           L&R                                           FVOCI


Mortgage loans
                                                                                    FVTPL (designated)                            FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                            AFS                                   FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                           L&R                                    FVTPL (designated)
                                                                                           L&R                                           FVOCI
                                                                                           L&R                                      Amortized Cost




                                                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Stocks
                                                                                    FVTPL (designated)                            FVTPL (mandatory)
                                                                                            AFS                                   FVTPL (mandatory)

                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B
                                                                                       AFS, at cost                               FVTPL (mandatory)




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   141

                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            29
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      B  127
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Reconciliation of Carrying Value of Assets from IAS 39 to IFRS 9
                                  The following table reconciles the carrying value of financial assets under IAS 39 to the carrying value under IFRS 9:

                                                                                             IAS 39                                                                                 IFRS 9
                                                                                        December 31, 2022         Reclassification               Remeasurement                  January 1, 2023
                                  FVTPL
                                  Bonds

                                  Designated                                        $                 113,596 $                      (544) $                            — $                  113,052
                                  Reclassified from L&R                                                    —                     33,570                             (3,480)                   30,090
                                  Total - designated                                                  113,596                    33,026                             (3,480)                  143,142
                                  Mandatory                                                              181                           —                                —                       181
                                  Reclassified from AFS                                                    —                           67                               —                         67
                                  Total - mandatory                                                      181                           67                               —                       248
                                  Mortgage loans

                                  Designated                                                            3,125                     (3,125)                               —                         —
                                  Reclassified from L&R                                                    —                     31,310                             (2,297)                   29,013
                                  Total - designated                                                    3,125                    28,185                             (2,297)                   29,013
                                  Reclassified from designated FVTPL                                       —                       3,125                                 6                     3,131
                                  Reclassified from AFS                                                    —                         240                                —                       240
                                  Total - mandatory                                                        —                       3,365                                 6                     3,371
                                  Stocks

                                  Reclassified from designated FVTPL                                   13,305                          —                               16                     13,321




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Reclassified from AFS                                                    —                         325                               17                       342
                                  Total - mandatory                                                    13,305                        325                               33                     13,663
                                  Total FVTPL                                       $                 130,207 $                  64,968 $                           (5,738) $                189,437


PART B                            FVOCI
                                  Bonds

                                  Reclassified from AFS                             $                      — $                   11,797 $                               — $                   11,797
                                  Reclassified from designated FVTPL                                       —                         544                                —                       544
                                  Reclassified from L&R                                                    —                         376                               (16)                     360
                                                                                                           —                     12,717                                (16)                   12,701
                                  Mortgage loans
                                  Reclassified from L&R                                                    —                         662                               (41)                     621
                                  Total FVOCI                                       $                      — $                   13,379 $                              (57) $                 13,322




                                  142   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements           30
                                        B  128                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                         IAS 39                                                                                    IFRS 9
                                                 December 31, 2022                Reclassification           Remeasurement                   January 1, 2023


AFS
Bonds

   Brought forward                           $                      11,864 $                         — $                           —
      Reclassified to FVTPL                                               —                          (67)                          —
      Reclassified to FVOCI                                               —                   (11,797)                             —
                                                                    11,864                    (11,864)                             —                              —
Mortgage loans

   Brought forward                                                      240                          —                             —
      Reclassified to FVTPL                                               —                       (240)                            —
                                                                        240                       (240)                            —                              —
Stocks

   Brought forward                                                      325                          —                             —
      Reclassified to FVTPL                                               —                       (325)                            —
                                                                        325                       (325)                            —                              —
Total AFS                                    $                      12,429 $                  (12,429) $                           — $                            —


Amortized Cost
Bonds

   Brought forward: L&R                      $                      33,946 $                         — $                           —
      Reclassified to FVTPL                                               —                   (33,570)                             —




                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Reclassified to FVOCI                                               —                       (376)                            —
                                                                    33,946                    (33,946)                             —                              —


                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
Mortgage Loans

   Brought forward: L&R                                             36,164                           —                             —
      Reclassified to FVTPL                                               —                   (31,310)                             —
      Reclassified to FVOCI                                               —                       (662)                            —
                                                                    36,164                    (31,972)                             —                          4,192
Total amortized cost                         $                      70,110 $                  (65,918) $                           — $                        4,192

Allowance for Credit Losses
The majority of the Company’s financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL model only
applies to FVOCI and amortized cost assets, and the value of ECL allowances upon adoption of IFRS 9 at January 1, 2023 of $36 are not
materially different from the allowances that were carried under IAS 39. Of the ECL allowance of $36 at January 1, 2023, $4 was Stage 1 and $32
was Stage 2.
The ECL allowance was $37 at December 31, 2023, of which $4 was Stage 1, $29 was Stage 2 and $4 was Stage 3.




                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   143

                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            31
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       B  129
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  4.       Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

                                  (a) Sale of Putnam US Holdings I, LLC (Putnam Investments)
                                  On May 31, 2023, the Company announced that it had reached an agreement to sell Putnam Investments, excluding PanAgora Holdings Inc.
                                  and its subsidiary PanAgora Asset Management Inc. (collectively, PanAgora) to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as Franklin Templeton, in
                                  exchange for Franklin Templeton common shares, cash, and contingent consideration. The Company will retain its controlling interest in
                                  PanAgora, a quantitative asset manager, and certain assets, including deferred tax assets, related to Putnam Investments.
                                  Concurrently, the Company, Power Corporation and Franklin Templeton have entered into a strategic partnership to distribute Franklin
                                  Templeton products. The Company will also provide an initial long-term asset allocation amount of U.S. $25 billion assets under management
                                  to Franklin’s specialist investment managers within 12 months of closing and will hold shares representing a 4.9% interest in Franklin
                                  Templeton stock for a minimum 5-year period.
                                  The net earnings (loss) and cash flows of Putnam Investments have been classified as discontinued operations within the United States
                                  operating segment, and the related assets and liabilities have been classified as held for sale.

                                  Net Earnings (Loss) From Discontinued Operations
                                                                                                                                                               For the years
                                                                                                                                                            ended December 31
                                                                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                  Net investment result                                                                                       $                     44 $                   (27)


                                  Other income and expenses
                                        Fee and other income                                                                                                     1,008                   1,008
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                                                                    (1,050)                  (982)
                                        Acquisition and divestiture costs                                                                                         (130)                      —
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                                                               (26)                   (24)




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                                                             (154)                    (25)
                                  Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                      (30)                      7
                                  Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                            $                   (124) $                  (32)

PART B                            Exchange differences on translation of discontinued operations                                                                    (42)                     68
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss) from discontinued operations                                              $                     (42) $                   68

                                  Cash Flows From Discontinued Operations
                                                                                                                                                               For the years
                                                                                                                                                            ended December 31
                                                                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                  Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                         $                    137 $                   (44)
                                  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                                                (6)                      4
                                  Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                   (5)                     23
                                  Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                        $                    126 $                   (17)

                                  Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale
                                                                                                                                                                               December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                  2023
                                  Assets
                                        Cash                                                                                                                               $              375
                                        Stocks                                                                                                                                               46
                                        Intangible assets                                                                                                                                1,594
                                        Fixed assets                                                                                                                                         56
                                        Other assets                                                                                                                                     2,396
                                  Total assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                 $             4,467


                                  Liabilities
                                        Other liabilities                                                                                                                  $             2,407
                                  Total liabilities classified as held for sale                                                                                            $             2,407

                                  144     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                32
                                           B  130                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Subsequent Event
On January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments to Franklin Templeton in exchange for Franklin Templeton
common shares, cash, and other deferred and contingent consideration with a total estimated fair value of $1,894 (U.S. $1,424) resulting in an
estimated net gain of $61. The carrying amount of net assets sold at January 1, 2024, reflects final closing and other costs recognized at point of
sale. The final net gain will be updated and reflected in the first quarter 2024 results.
Details of the Sale of the Discontinued Operations (Putnam Investments)

                                                                                                                                                    2024
Consideration received or receivable
   Fair value of Franklin Templeton Common Shares (U.S. $29.79)                                               $                 1,321
   Net cash and other deferred and contingent consideration                                                                       573
   Non-controlling interest in sale of Putnam Investments                                                                         (123)
   Total estimated net proceeds on disposal of Putnam Investments                                                                         $                1,771
Net carrying value of net assets sold
  Carrying value                                                                                              $                 2,060
  Estimated final transaction closing costs                                                                                       (109)
  Reclassification of translation on foreign operations                                                                           (211)
Net carrying value of discontinued operations                                                                                             $                1,740
Net estimated gain on sale                                                                                                                $                   31
Income tax recovery                                                                                                                                           30
Estimated net gain on sale after income tax                                                                                               $                   61

(b) Acquisition of Investment Planning Counsel
On November 30, 2023, Canada Life completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Investment Planning Counsel Inc. (IPC), an independent
wealth management firm, from IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) for total purchase consideration of $585. The acquisition extends Canada Life’s wealth




                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
management reach and capabilities. IGM is an affiliated company and a member of the Power Corporation group of companies. Therefore, the
transaction was reviewed and approved by the Conduct Review Committee of each of the Company and Canada Life.
The initial amounts assigned to the assets acquired, goodwill, and liabilities assumed on November 30, 2023, reported as at December 31, 2023

                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
are as follows:

Assets acquired and goodwill
  Cash                                                                                                                                    $                    31
  Fixed assets                                                                                                                                                  6
  Accounts receivable                                                                                                                                          33
  Other assets                                                                                                                                                273
  Current income taxes                                                                                                                                          1
  Goodwill                                                                                                                                                    583
Total assets acquired and goodwill                                                                                                        $                   927

Liabilities assumed
  Accounts payable                                                                                                                        $                    55
  Other liabilities                                                                                                                                           274
  Current income taxes                                                                                                                                          1
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                     12
Total liabilities assumed                                                                                                                 $                   342

Accounting for the acquisition is not finalized, pending the completion of a comprehensive valuation of the net assets acquired. The financial
statements as at December 31, 2023 reflect management’s current best estimate of the purchase price allocation. As at December 31, 2023,
provisional amounts for intangible assets have not been separately identified and valued within the assets of the purchase price allocation,
pending completion of the valuation exercise. Final valuation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the completion of the purchase
price allocation will occur by the fourth quarter of 2024.
As a result, the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, representing goodwill of $583 as at December 31, 2023, will
be adjusted in future periods.
The goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets, representing the synergies or future economic
benefits arising from other assets acquired that are not individually identified and separately recognized in the acquisition. These synergies
represent meaningful expense and revenue opportunities which are expected to be accretive to earnings. The goodwill is not deductible for tax
purposes.


                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    145

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               33
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  131
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company incurred acquisition expenses of $4, which are recorded in the Consolidated
                                  Statements of Earnings.
                                  Revenue and net earnings of IPC were not significant to the 2023 results of the Company.

                                  (c)     Acquisition of Value Partners
                                  On September 8, 2023, Canada Life completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity of Value Partners Group Inc., a Winnipeg based investment
                                  firm that serves clients with complex and sophisticated wealth needs. As at December 31, 2023, the accounting for the acquisition is not
                                  finalized, with the initial amount of $119 assigned to goodwill on the date of the acquisition to be adjusted, pending the completion of a
                                  comprehensive valuation of the net assets acquired.

                                  (d) U.S. Individual Life and Annuity Business Reinsurance Agreement
                                  On June 1, 2019, Empower sold, via indemnity reinsurance, substantially all of its individual life insurance and annuity business to Protective
                                  Life Insurance Company (Protective Life). In connection with that transaction, Empower provided standard indemnities to the buyer. In 2022,
                                  Protective Life made claims under those indemnities. Although it is continuing to review the claims, the Company has established a provision in
                                  other liabilities for the aggregate potential liability for the claims using available information.

                                  (e) Strategic Relationship with Sagard Holdings
                                  On July 6, 2023, Sagard Holdings Inc. (Sagard), a related party, announced that the relationship between the Company and Sagard had
                                  expanded, both in terms of the Company’s minority interest in Sagard and commitments into certain Sagard strategies. The increase in the
                                  minority interest in Sagard is immaterial to the Company and the commitment to certain Sagard strategies has increased to approximately U.S.
                                  $700.

                                  (f)     Europe Business Initiatives
                                  In 2023, the European segment of the Company undertook a number of initiatives to position itself for the future which included restructuring
                                  activities, the launch of a joint venture, and a reinsurance recapture. The net impact of these activities was a post-tax net gain of $31 recognized
                                  in net earnings.

                                  Europe Restructuring




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  In 2023, the Company recorded a restructuring provision of $126 within restructuring and integration expenses in the Consolidated Statements
                                  of Earnings related to provisions for staff reductions as well as other business transformation initiatives.


PART B
                                  The provision for staff reductions and other business transformation initiatives arose from the following business decisions and activities:
                                  •     The Company announced its decision to close the Company's U.K. on-shore wealth business to new customers,
                                  •     The implementation of the new strategy in Germany to create growth through product diversification and an efficiency program leveraging
                                        its new policy administration platform, increased automation and AI technologies, and
                                  •     The continued implementation of Irish Life’s strategy, including the build out of digital customer technologies and automation.
                                  At December 31, 2023, the Company has a restructuring provision of $106 remaining in other liabilities.

                                  Transfer of Segregated Funds to Joint Venture
                                  On November 1, 2023, Irish Life Assurance plc, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, completed the portfolio transfer of segregated funds with
                                  a carrying value of approximately €1.8 billion ($2.7 billion) to Saol Assurance dac (AIB Life), a related party to the Company through a 50/50
                                  joint venture between Canada Life Irish Holding Company Limited and Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. The Company recognized a gain related to this
                                  transaction in the fourth quarter of 2023.

                                  5.      Cash and Cash Equivalents
                                  Cash and cash equivalents include amounts held at the Lifeco holding company level and amounts held in Lifeco’s consolidated subsidiary
                                  companies.

                                                                                                                                                               2023                   2022
                                  Cash                                                                                                             $                  3,029 $                4,013
                                  Short-term deposits                                                                                                                 4,713                  3,277
                                  Total                                                                                                            $                  7,742 $                7,290

                                  At December 31, 2023 cash and short-term deposits of $689 were restricted for use by the Company ($879 at December 31, 2022) in respect of
                                  cash held in trust for reinsurance agreements or with regulatory authorities, cash held under certain indemnity arrangements, client monies
                                  held by brokers and cash held in escrow.




                                  146   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             34
                                         B  132                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6.          Portfolio Investments

(a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments are as Follows:
                                                                                                    2023                                                2022 1
                                                                                   Carrying value             Fair value               Carrying value              Fair value
    Bonds
      FVTPL - designated                                                       $             143,506 $                143,506 $                   143,142 $                  143,142
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                         1,795                    1,795                        248                         248
      FVOCI                                                                                    11,750                  11,750                      12,701                     12,701
                                                                                             157,051                  157,051                     156,091                    156,091
    Mortgage loans
      FVTPL - designated                                                                       29,211                  29,211                      29,013                     29,013
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                         4,203                    4,203                      3,371                      3,371
      FVOCI                                                                                      578                       578                        621                         621
      Amortized cost                                                                            4,422                    3,923                      4,192                      3,577
                                                                                               38,414                  37,915                      37,197                     36,582
    Stocks
      FVTPL - mandatory                                                                        14,890                  14,890                      13,663                     13,663
      Equity method                                                                              843                       777                        638                         610
                                                                                               15,733                  15,667                      14,301                     14,273
    Investment properties                                                                       7,870                    7,870                      8,344                      8,344
    Total                                                                      $             219,068 $                218,503 $                   215,933 $                  215,290

1
     Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.




                                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
(b) Carrying Value of Bonds and Mortgages by Term to Maturity are as Follows:


                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B
                                                                          2023                                                                 2022 1
                                                        Term to maturity                                                       Term to maturity
                                            1 year or       Over 1 year            Over 5                          1 year or      Over 1 year           Over 5
                                               less          to 5 years            years           Total              less        to 5 years            years             Total
    Bonds                               $        14,282 $          47,685 $           95,084 $      157,051 $          13,556 $           42,336 $        100,199 $          156,091
                     2
    Mortgage loans                                3,753            19,554             15,107         38,414              2,672            18,069             16,456           37,197
    Total                               $        18,035 $          67,239 $          110,191 $      195,465 $          16,228 $           60,405 $        116,655 $          193,288

1
     Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.
2
     Mortgage loans include equity release mortgages which do not have a fixed redemption date. The maturity profile of the portfolio has been estimated based on previous
     redemption experience.

(c)         Certain Stocks Where Equity Method Earnings are Computed are Discussed Below:
A significant amount of the Company's equity method investments relate to the Company’s investment, held through Canada Life, in an
affiliated company, IGM, a member of the Power Corporation group of companies, over which it exerts significant influence but does not
control. The Company's proportionate share of IGM's earnings is recorded in net investment income in the Consolidated Statements of
Earnings. The Company owns 9,200,448 shares of IGM at December 31, 2023 (9,200,448 at December 31, 2022) representing a 3.86% ownership
interest (3.87% at December 31, 2022). The Company uses the equity method to account for its investment in IGM as it exercises significant
influence. Significant influence arises from several factors, including, but not limited to the following: common control of the Company and
IGM by Power Corporation, shared representation on the Boards of Directors of the Company and IGM, interchange of managerial personnel,
certain shared strategic alliances, significant intercompany transactions and service agreements that influence the financial and operating
policies of both companies.

                                                                                                                                           2023                       2022

    Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                                             $                   375 $                       366
    Equity method share of IGM net earnings                                                                                                             33                        30
    Dividends received                                                                                                                                 (21)                       (21)
    Carrying value, end of year                                                                                                   $                   387 $                       375

    Share of equity, end of year                                                                                                  $                   247 $                       237

    Fair value, end of year                                                                                                       $                   321 $                       347

                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    147

                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               35
                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B  133
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Company and IGM both have a year-end date of December 31. The Company's year-end results are approved and reported before IGM
                                  publicly reports its financial result; therefore, the Company reports IGM's financial information by estimating the amount of earnings
                                  attributable to the Company, based on prior quarter information as well as other market expectations, to complete equity method accounting.
                                  The difference between actual and estimated results is reflected in the subsequent quarter and is not material to the Company's consolidated
                                  financial statements.
                                  IGM's financial information as at December 31, 2023 can be obtained in its publicly available information.
                                  At December 31, 2023, IGM owned 22,136,471 (37,337,133 at December 31, 2022) common shares of the Company.

                                  (d) Net Investment Income Comprises the Following:
                                                                                                                                                  2023
                                                                                                                  Mortgage                            Investment
                                                                                                   Bonds           loans               Stocks          properties           Other          Total
                                      Net investment income:
                                        Investment income earned                               $      6,626 $            1,434 $               499 $              506 $         404 $         9,469
                                        Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets           (248)                  —                  —                  —               —          (248)
                                        Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                    —                   9                 —                  —               —                9
                                        Net ECL recovery (charge)                                           (1)               —                  —                  —               —               (1)
                                        Other income and expenses                                          —                  —                  —                (196)         (169)          (365)
                                                                                                     6,377               1,443                 499                310           235           8,864
                                      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                        FVTPL (designated)                                           5,050                  478                  —                  —           347           5,875
                                        FVTPL (mandatory)                                                  53               272                796                  —               —         1,121
                                        Recorded at FVTPL                                                  —                  —                  —                (507)             —          (507)
                                                                                                     5,103                  750                796                (507)         347           6,489
                                      Total                                                    $    11,480 $             2,193 $            1,295 $               (197) $       582 $       15,353




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                 2022 1


PART B
                                                                                                                  Mortgage                             Investment
                                                                                                   Bonds           loans               Stocks           properties          Other          Total
                                      Net investment income:
                                        Investment income earned                               $      5,617 $            1,217 $               404 $              459 $         399 $         8,096
                                        Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets               (71)               —                  —                  —               —              (71)
                                        Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                    —                   8                 —                  —               —                8
                                        Net allowances for credit losses                                   —                 (42)                —                  —               —              (42)
                                        Other income and expenses                                          —                  —                  —                (154)         (243)          (397)
                                                                                                     5,546               1,183                 404                305           156           7,594
                                      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                        FVTPL (designated)                                          (26,925)            (2,729)                  —                  —               (33)    (29,687)
                                        FVTPL (mandatory)                                                   (8)            (621)              (643)                 —               —        (1,272)
                                        Recorded at FVTPL                                                  —                  —                  —                 (41)             —              (41)
                                                                                                    (26,933)            (3,350)               (643)                (41)             (33)    (31,000)
                                      Total                                                    $    (21,387) $          (2,167) $             (239) $             264 $         123 $       (23,406)

                                  1
                                       Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.
                                  Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization. Investment income from
                                  stocks includes dividends, distributions from private equity and equity income from the investment in IGM. Investment properties income
                                  includes rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and sub-leased land, fee recoveries, lease
                                  cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment income includes foreign
                                  exchange gains and losses, income earned from derivative financial instruments and other miscellaneous income.




                                  148     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               36
                                              B  134                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(e) Net Investment Result
                                                                                                                              2023                        2022
Investment return
      Net investment income                                                                                         $                 8,864 $                     7,594
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                                                                                           6,489                   (31,000)
Total investment return                                                                                                              15,353                   (23,406)
Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts
      Changes in fair value of underlying items of direct participating contracts                                                    (3,941)                      3,463
      Effects of risk mitigation option                                                                                                   68                        293
      Interest accreted                                                                                                              (3,433)                     (2,955)
      Effect of changes in discount rate and other financial assumptions                                                             (1,919)                     17,851
      Effect of measuring changes in estimates at current rates and adjusting the CSM at rates on initial
         recognition                                                                                                                     (13)                       157
Total net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                         (9,238)                     18,809
Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts
      Interest accreted                                                                                                                   78                        367
      Other                                                                                                                             146                      (1,618)
Total net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                          224                      (1,251)
Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                           (4,806)                      8,454
                                                                                                                    $                 1,533 $                     2,606

(f)      Securities Lending
The Company engages in securities lending to generate additional income. The Company’s securities custodians are used as lending agents.




                                                                                                                                                                           GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Collateral, which exceeds the fair value of the loaned securities, is deposited by the borrower with the Company's lending agent and maintained
by the lending agent until the underlying security has been returned. The fair value of the loaned securities is monitored on a daily basis by the
lending agent who obtains or refunds additional collateral as the fair value of the loaned securities fluctuates. Collateral primarily consists of

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
government bonds, investment grade corporate bonds and cash. Included in the collateral deposited with the Company's lending agent is cash
collateral of $443 at December 31, 2023 ($191 at December 31, 2022). In addition, the securities lending agent indemnifies the Company against
borrower risk, meaning that the lending agent agrees contractually to replace securities not returned due to a borrower default. As at December
31, 2023, the Company had loaned securities (which are included in invested assets) with a fair value of $8,154 ($9,550 at December 31, 2022).

7.       Risk Management
The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks associated with financial
instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk, liquidity risk and market risk (currency,
interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for the oversight of the Company's key risks.
The following sections describe how the Company manages each of these risks.

(a) Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual obligations.
The following policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
•      Investment and risk policies aim to minimize undue concentration within issuers, connected companies, industries or individual
       geographies.
•      Investment and risk limits specify minimum and maximum limits for each asset class.
•      Identification of credit risk through an internal credit risk rating system which includes a detailed assessment of an obligor's
       creditworthiness. Internal credit risk ratings cannot be higher than the highest rating provided by certain independent ratings companies.
•      Portfolios are monitored continuously, and reviewed regularly with the Risk Committee and the Investment Committee of the Board of
       Directors.
•      Credit risk associated with derivative instruments is evaluated quarterly based on conditions that existed at the balance sheet date, using
       practices that are at least as conservative as those recommended by regulators. The Company manages derivative credit risk by including
       derivative exposure to aggregate credit exposures measured against rating based obligor limits and through collateral arrangements where
       possible.
•      Counterparties providing reinsurance to the Company are reviewed for financial soundness as part of an ongoing monitoring process. The
       minimum financial strength of reinsurers is outlined in the Reinsurance Risk Management Policy. The Company seeks to minimize

                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    149

                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               37
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  135
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                          reinsurance credit risk by setting rating based limits on net ceded exposure by counterparty as well as seeking protection in the form of
                                          collateral or funds withheld arrangements where possible.
                                  •       Investment guidelines also specify collateral requirements.

                                  (i)         Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk
                                  The following summarizes the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk related to financial instruments as well as insurance and
                                  reinsurance contracts. The maximum credit exposure is the carrying value of the asset net of any allowances for losses.

                                                                                                                                                                            2023                   2022
                                      Financial instruments
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                 $                   7,742 $                7,290
                                      Bonds                                                                                                                                    157,051                156,091
                                      Mortgage loans                                                                                                                               38,414                 37,197
                                      Interest due and accrued                                                                                                                      1,645                  1,527
                                      Accounts receivable                                                                                                                           3,218                  2,828
                                      Funds held under investment contracts                                                                                                         7,268                  8,130
                                      Trading account assets                                                                                                                        3,038                  2,972
                                      Finance leases receivable                                                                                                                      668                    536
                                      Other assets 1                                                                                                                                2,055                  2,760
                                      Derivative assets                                                                                                                             2,219                  2,314
                                                                                                                                                                               223,318                221,645
                                      Insurance and reinsurance contracts
                                      Reinsurance contract held assets 2                                                                                                           17,332                 17,571
                                      Insurance contract assets                                                                                                                     1,193                  1,140
                                      Funds held by ceding insurers 3                                                                                                               3,926                  4,105




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Loans to policyholders 3                                                                                                                      8,945                  8,999
                                                                                                                                                                                   31,396                 31,815
                                      Total                                                                                                                     $              254,714 $              253,460

PART B
                                  1
                                       Includes items such as current income taxes receivable and miscellaneous other assets of the Company (note 11).
                                  2
                                       Includes funds withheld on reinsurance contracts issued.
                                  3
                                       Included in insurance contract liabilities (note 14).

                                  Credit risk is also mitigated by entering into collateral agreements. The amount and type of collateral required depends on an assessment of the
                                  credit risk of the counterparty. Guidelines are implemented regarding the acceptability of types of collateral and the valuation parameters.
                                  Collateral primarily consists of government bonds, investment grade corporate bonds and cash. Management monitors the value of the
                                  collateral, requests additional collateral when needed and performs an impairment valuation when applicable. The Company has $1,715 of
                                  collateral received from counterparties as at December 31, 2023 ($1,348 at December 31, 2022) relating to derivative assets.

                                  (ii) Concentration of Credit Risk
                                  Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have similar credit
                                  risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are similar in that changes in
                                  economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due.




                                  150     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              38
                                           B  136                                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


The following provides details of the carrying value of bonds by issuer, industry sector and operating segment:

                                                                                                               2023
                                                                                                                                 Capital and Risk
                                                         Canada                  United States               Europe                 Solutions                     Total
    Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
      Treasuries                                 $                 1,155 $                  2,289 $                    8,522 $                   2,887 $                  14,853
      Government related                                          16,618                    2,842                      6,760                       406                    26,626
      Agency securitized                                              178                   1,057                          —                        14                     1,249
      Non-agency securitized                                       2,924                   13,314                        803                       137                    17,178
      Financials                                                   5,225                   12,095                      4,861                       997                    23,178
      Communications                                               1,089                    1,680                        748                       152                     3,669
      Consumer products                                            4,704                    9,795                      1,774                     1,023                    17,296
      Energy                                                       2,619                    3,118                        447                       336                     6,520
      Industrials                                                  2,560                    7,623                      1,156                       442                    11,781
      Technology                                                   1,044                    3,307                        479                       297                     5,127
      Transportation                                               3,996                    1,899                        755                       156                     6,806
      Utilities                                                   10,632                    7,599                      3,786                       751                    22,768
    Total                                        $                52,744 $                 66,618 $                   30,091 $                   7,598 $               157,051

                                                                                                              2022 1
                                                                                                                                  Capital and Risk
                                                         Canada                   United States              Europe                  Solutions                    Total
    Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
      Treasuries                                 $                 2,699 $                    347 $                    7,905 $                  3,619 $                   14,570




                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Government related                                          16,948                    3,178                      6,301                       376                    26,803
      Agency securitized                                              179                   1,270                          —                        15                     1,464
      Non-agency securitized                                       2,341                   15,020                        734                       123                    18,218


                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
      Financials                                                   4,703                   13,123                      4,709                       914                    23,449
      Communications                                                  997                   1,839                        667                       137                     3,640
      Consumer products                                            4,231                   10,727                      1,733                       966                    17,657
      Energy                                                       2,236                    3,600                        405                       285                     6,526
      Industrials                                                  2,084                    8,464                      1,105                       398                    12,051
      Technology                                                      831                   3,359                        393                       298                     4,881
      Transportation                                               3,364                    1,941                        637                       121                     6,063
      Utilities                                                    9,129                    8,038                      3,125                       477                    20,769
    Total                                        $                49,742 $                 70,906 $                   27,714 $                  7,729 $                156,091

1
     Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.

The following provides details of the carrying value of mortgage loans by operating segment:

                                                                                                               2023
                                                                                                                                 Capital and Risk
                                                         Canada                  United States               Europe                 Solutions                     Total

    Single family residential                    $                 1,511 $                        — $                      — $                       — $                   1,511
    Multi-family residential                                       4,581                    3,945                        814                        32                     9,372
    Equity release                                                 1,697                          —                    2,043                       463                     4,203
    Commercial                                                     8,955                   10,376                      3,850                       147                    23,328
    Total                                        $                16,744 $                 14,321 $                    6,707 $                     642 $                  38,414




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   151

                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            39
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          B  137
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                              2022 1
                                                                                                                                                                   Capital and Risk
                                                                                           Canada               United States                Europe                   Solutions                   Total
                                      Single family residential                        $            1,738 $                     — $                        — $                       — $                   1,738
                                      Multi-family residential                                      4,422                 4,276                          891                        39                     9,628
                                      Equity release                                                1,392                       —                      1,711                       268                     3,371
                                      Commercial                                                    8,446                10,484                        3,480                        50                    22,460
                                      Total                                            $        15,998 $                 14,760 $                      6,082 $                     357 $                  37,197

                                  1
                                        Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.

                                  (iii) Expected Credit Losses
                                  The following table reconciles the allowance for credit losses under the ECL model in IFRS 9 by asset classification and stage:

                                                                                                                                                            2023
                                                                                                                            Performing                                 Impaired
                                                                                                                  Stage 1                    Stage 2                    Stage 3                   Total
                                      Bonds at FVOCI
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                            $                   3 $                        — $                       — $                      3
                                      Provision for credit losses
                                        Transfers to stage 1                                                                    —                          —                         —                        —
                                        Transfers to stage 2                                                                    —                          —                         —                        —
                                        Transfers to stage 3                                                                    —                          —                         —                        —
                                        Originations                                                                            1                          —                         —                        1
                                        Maturities                                                                              (1)                        —                         —                        (1)




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net re-measurement of loss allowance                                                    1                          —                         —                        1
                                        Write-offs                                                                              —                          —                         —                        —
                                        Exchange rate and other                                                                 (1)                        —                         —                        (1)


PART B
                                      Balance, end of year                                                  $                   3 $                        — $                       — $                      3
                                      Mortgages at amortized cost
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                            $                   1 $                        32 $                      — $                     33
                                      Provision for credit losses
                                        Transfers to stage 1                                                                    1                          (1)                       —                        —
                                        Transfers to stage 2                                                                    —                          —                         —                        —
                                        Transfers to stage 3                                                                    —                          —                         —                        —
                                        Originations                                                                            1                          —                         —                        1
                                        Maturities                                                                              —                          —                         —                        —
                                        Net re-measurement of loss allowance                                                    (2)                        (3)                        4                       (1)
                                        Write-offs                                                                              —                          —                         —                        —
                                        Exchange rate and other                                                                 —                           1                        —                        1
                                      Balance, end of year                                                  $                   1 $                        29 $                       4 $                    34
                                      Total allowance for credit losses, end of year                        $                   4 $                        29 $                       4 $                    37




                                  152      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            40
                                              B  138                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(iv) Credit Risk Exposure by Internal Risk Rating
The following table presents the fair value of bonds and mortgages at FVOCI and carrying amounts of mortgages at amortized cost. Risk ratings
are based on internal ratings used in the measurement of ECLs as at the reporting date.

                                                                                                             December 31, 2023
                                                                                       Performing                               Impaired
                                                                            Stage 1                    Stage 2                   Stage 3                    Total
Bonds at FVOCI
   Investment grade                                                 $              11,668 $                          — $                       — $                      11,668
   Non-investment grade                                                                  77                           5                        —                           82
   Impaired                                                                               —                          —                         —                            —
Total                                                               $              11,745 $                           5 $                      — $                      11,750


Mortgage loans at FVOCI
   Investment grade                                                 $                   560 $                        — $                       — $                        560
   Non-investment grade                                                                   —                          18                        —                           18
   Impaired                                                                               —                          —                         —                            —
Total                                                               $                   560 $                        18 $                      — $                        578


Mortgages at amortized cost
   Investment grade                                                 $                  4,088 $                       — $                       — $                       4,088
   Non-investment grade                                                                   —                        357                         —                          357
   Impaired                                                                               —                          —                         11                          11
                                                                                       4,088                       357                         11                        4,456




                                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
   Allowance for credit losses                                                            (1)                       (29)                       (4)                         (34)
Total                                                               $                  4,087 $                     328 $                        7 $                      4,422



                                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
                                                                                                               January 1, 2023
                                                                                        Performing                               Impaired
                                                                             Stage 1                   Stage 2                   Stage 3                        Total
Bonds at FVOCI
   Investment grade                                                 $              12,610 $                          — $                       — $                      12,610
   Non-investment grade                                                                  88                           3                        —                           91
   Impaired                                                                               —                          —                         —                            —
Total                                                               $              12,698 $                           3 $                      — $                      12,701


Mortgage loans at FVOCI
   Investment grade                                                 $                   621 $                        — $                       — $                        621
   Non-investment grade                                                                   —                          —                         —                            —
   Impaired                                                                               —                          —                         —                            —
Total                                                               $                   621 $                        — $                       — $                        621



Mortgages at amortized cost
   Investment grade                                                 $                  3,819 $                       — $                       — $                       3,819
   Non-investment grade                                                                   —                        373                         —                          373
   Impaired                                                                               —                          —                         —                            —
                                                                                       3,819                       373                         —                         4,192
   Allowance for credit losses                                                            (1)                       (32)                       —                           (33)
Total                                                               $                  3,818 $                     341 $                       — $                       4,159




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report      153

                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                41
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  139
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (v) Credit Impact on Financial Assets Designated as FVTPL
                                  The carrying value of the Company’s portfolio investments designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to credit risk for those
                                  assets. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these assets is generally insignificant in the absence of significant
                                  credit events occurring on specific assets. In 2023, a fair value loss of $80 ($8 in 2022) is reflected in changes in fair value on fair value through
                                  profit or loss assets in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings related to significant credit events occurring on assets designated as FVTPL.

                                  (vi) Asset Quality
                                  Bond Portfolio by Credit Rating

                                                                                                                                                                2023               2022 1
                                      Based on internal ratings:
                                      AAA                                                                                                           $                  24,298 $               25,397
                                      AA                                                                                                                               31,435                 31,614
                                      A                                                                                                                                54,807                 53,864
                                      BBB                                                                                                                              44,811                 43,482
                                      BB and lower                                                                                                                      1,700                  1,734
                                      Total                                                                                                         $              157,051 $              156,091

                                  1
                                          Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.

                                  Derivative Portfolio by Credit Rating

                                                                                                                                                                2023                   2022
                                      Over-the-counter contracts (counterparty ratings):
                                      AA                                                                                                            $                   1,448 $                1,604
                                      A                                                                                                                                  770                    697
                                      BBB                                                                                                                                  —                      —




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Exchange-traded                                                                                                                      1                     13
                                      Total                                                                                                         $                   2,219 $                2,314



PART B
                                  Reinsurance Contract Held Assets by Credit Rating

                                                                                                                                                                2023                   2022
                                      Based on Rating Agency ratings:
                                      AA- to AA+                                                                                                    $                  15,955 $               16,162
                                      A- to A+                                                                                                                          1,365                  1,386
                                      BBB+ and lower                                                                                                                       9                     10
                                      Not rated                                                                                                                            3                     13
                                      Total reinsurance contract held assets                                                                        $                  17,332 $               17,571
                                      Total reinsurance contract held assets less collateral                                                        $                   4,296 $                4,261

                                  Total reinsurance contract held assets are net of funds held under reinsurance contracts.
                                  As at December 31, 2023, $12,122 of the $17,332 of reinsurance contract held assets are ceded to Protective Life Insurance Company ($12,493 of
                                  $17,571 at December 31, 2022). This concentration risk is mitigated by funds held in trust and other arrangements of $13,710 as at December 31,
                                  2023 ($13,685 at December 31, 2022).

                                  (vii) Funds Held Under Investment Contracts and Funds Held by Ceding Insurers
                                  At December 31, 2023, the Company had amounts on deposit of $7,268 ($8,130 at December 31, 2022) for funds held under investment
                                  contracts. This amount has been included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2023 the Company had
                                  amounts on deposit of $3,926 ($4,105 at December 31, 2022) for funds held by ceding insurers. This amount has been included in the
                                  measurement of insurance contract liabilities. Included in these amounts are assets of $37 at December 31, 2023 ($45 at December 31, 2022)
                                  where the Company does not retain the credit risk. Income and expenses arising from the agreements are included in net investment result in
                                  the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                  154        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              42
                                             B  140                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


The details of the funds on deposit for certain agreements where the Company has credit risk are as follows:
(i)      Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values:

                                                                                         2023                                                  2022
                                                                             Carrying                  Fair                     Carrying                       Fair
                                                                              value                   value                      value                        value
Cash and cash equivalents                                             $                 189 $                    189 $                      222 $                       222
Bonds                                                                               10,415                   10,415                      11,172                       11,172
Mortgages                                                                               418                      418                        457                         457
Other assets                                                                            135                      135                        339                         339
Total                                                                 $             11,157 $                 11,157 $                    12,190 $                     12,190
Supporting:
Insurance contract liabilities                                        $              3,834 $                   3,834 $                     4,004 $                     4,004
Investment contract liabilities                                                      7,268                     7,268                       8,130                       8,130
Surplus                                                                                 55                         55                         56                         56
Total                                                                 $             11,157 $                 11,157 $                    12,190 $                     12,190

(ii)     The Following Provides Details of the Carrying Value of Bonds Included in the Funds on Deposit by Issuer and Industry Sector:

                                                                                                                                  2023                        2022
Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
      Treasuries                                                                                                        $                   487 $                       464
      Government related                                                                                                                   1,139                       1,241
      Agency securitized                                                                                                                    103                         139
      Non-agency securitized                                                                                                               1,135                       1,350




                                                                                                                                                                               GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Financials                                                                                                                           1,731                       2,020
      Communications                                                                                                                        332                         327
      Consumer products                                                                                                                    1,609                       1,728

                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B
      Energy                                                                                                                                534                         517
      Industrials                                                                                                                          1,011                       1,029
      Technology                                                                                                                            385                         386
      Transportation                                                                                                                         301                         319
      Utilities                                                                                                                            1,648                       1,652
Total                                                                                                                   $                10,415 $                     11,172

(iii) The Following Provides Details of the Carrying Value of Mortgages Included in the Funds on Deposit by Property Type:

                                                                                                                                  2023                        2022

Multi-family residential                                                                                                $                   107 $                       110
Commercial                                                                                                                                  311                         347
Total                                                                                                                   $                   418 $                       457

(iv)      Asset Quality:
Bond Portfolio by Credit Rating

                                                                                                                                  2023                        2022
AAA                                                                                                                     $                   951 $                      1,037
AA                                                                                                                                         2,536                       2,607
A                                                                                                                                          3,973                       4,289
BBB                                                                                                                                        2,856                       3,124
BB and lower                                                                                                                                  99                        115
Total                                                                                                                   $                10,415 $                     11,172




                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    155

                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               43
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          B  141
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (b) Liquidity Risk
                                  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The Company’s liquidity risk
                                  management framework and associated limits are designed to allow the Company to meet cash and collateral commitments as they fall due,
                                  both on an expected basis and under a severe liquidity stress.
                                  •        The Company attempts to mitigate liquidity risk through product design; and maintaining a high quality, diversified investment portfolio
                                           with a spread of asset maturities by year. Approximately 68% of our insurance and investment contract liabilities (measured based on
                                           carrying value and excluding liabilities held on account of segregated fund holders) are subject to discretionary withdrawal.
                                  •        Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity requirements at the holding
                                           company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital market transactions. At December 31, 2023, the
                                           Company maintains $950 of liquidity at the Lifeco level through committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks. As well, the
                                           Company maintains a U.S. $500 revolving credit agreement, a U.S. $300 revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks for use by
                                           Empower, and a U.S. $50 line of credit at Empower. Empower also has borrowing capacity of approximately U.S. $440 under the Federal
                                           Home Loan Bank program.

                                  (i)         Payments Due by Period
                                  In the normal course of business the Company enters into contracts that give rise to commitments of future minimum payments that impact
                                  short-term and long-term liquidity. The following summarizes the principal repayment schedule for certain of the Company’s financial
                                  liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                 1 year or                                                                                Over
                                                                                                    less        1-2 years       2-3 years          3-4 years          4-5 years          5 years       Total
                                      Debentures and other debt instruments                  $           — $            665 $             730 $              532 $              999 $       5,833 $      8,759
                                      Capital trust securities 1                                         —                —                 —                  —                 —            150          150
                                      Purchase obligations                                              305             227               176                121                 54           251        1,134
                                      Pension contributions                                            225                —                 —                  —                 —                 —       225
                                      Total




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                             $         530 $            892 $             906 $              653 $             1,053 $      6,234 $     10,268

                                  1
                                        Payments due have not been reduced to reflect that the Company held capital trust securities of $37 principal amount ($44 carrying value).



PART B
                                  (c)         Market Risk
                                  Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and investment contract
                                  liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk, interest rate (including related inflation)
                                  risk and equity risk.

                                  Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
                                  These consolidated financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity
                                  due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
                                  these estimates for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or liability profile, changes in business mix,
                                  effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by
                                  geography, and general limitations of the Company’s internal models.
                                  For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given
                                  the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on shareholders' net earnings will be as
                                  indicated.

                                  (i)         Currency Risk
                                  Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets backing insurance and
                                  investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can expose the Company to the risk of
                                  foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                  •        A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating insurance and
                                           investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate
                                           change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to decrease non-
                                           participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in an
                                           immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros, and U.S.
                                  dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of related
                                  hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian
                                  dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts the Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the
                                  Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.




                                  156      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            44
                                           B  142                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(ii) Interest Rate Risk
Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in the value of
assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate risk:
•    Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
•    The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets and
     liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
•    For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or investment
     properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to match certain period cash
     flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed income assets, while the rest are duration
     matched.
•    Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss exposure to
     interest rate changes.
•    To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change in the fair value
     of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
•    For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows of a shorter
     duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
•    The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of asset acquisition are
     quantified and reviewed regularly.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance and investment
contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings under IFRS 17 and IFRS 9.
The Company’s asset liability management strategy uses equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general fund assets
supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of financial assets under IFRS 9, such
as mortgage assets which are carried at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate




                                                                                                                                                                            GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
exposure in shareholders' net earnings.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:

                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B
Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                        2023                                                2022
                                                                        Increase 50 basis    Decrease 50 basis          Increase 50 basis         Decrease 50 basis
                                                                         points interest      points interest             points interest          points interest
                                                                              rates               rates                       rates                     rates
Shareholders' net earnings                                            $               175 $                   (225) $                      75 $                     (125)
Shareholders' equity                                                                  150                     (225)                        50                       (100)

Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are positively impacted
by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, U.S. and the U.K., and are positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the
eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from
interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to the Company's
ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings
of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $25 or a decrease of $25 post-tax,
respectively.




                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    157

                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              45
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       B  143
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated in the
                                  table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the
                                  geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the
                                  allowance for credit risk within the IFRS 17 discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential
                                  earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities below.
                                  Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                                                                                                                                         2023 1
                                                                                                                                                                      Increase 50 basis       Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                                                                                                        points credit           points credit
                                                                                                                                                                           spreads                spreads
                                      Shareholders' net earnings                                                                                                    $                   300 $                 (375)
                                      Shareholders' equity                                                                                                                              350                   (450)

                                  1
                                        Exposures to credit spread sensitivities as at December 31, 2022 are expected to be substantially similar to the levels as shown for December 31, 2023.

                                  (iii) Equity Risk
                                  Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and other pricing risk.
                                  To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets within
                                  clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been
                                  mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards, and interest rate derivatives.
                                  Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks and investments
                                  in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private stocks, and equity release mortgages.
                                  Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets. However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will
                                  not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
                                  The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets. Under
                                  current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business that it does not hedge, as changes in the




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact
                                  with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the value of publicly

PART B
                                  traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                                                                                 2023 1                                                                         2022
                                                                    20%                 10%               10%               20%                 20%                  10%                 10%              20%
                                                                  increase            increase          decrease          decrease            increase             increase            decrease         decrease
                                      Shareholders' net
                                        earnings              $            225 $             100 $             (100) $            (225) $               200 $               100 $             (125) $         (225)
                                      Shareholders'
                                        equity                             525               250               (250)              (525)                 475                 225               (250)           (500)

                                  1
                                       Subsequent to year end, on January 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of Putnam Investments and received shares in Franklin
                                       Templeton as part of the consideration (note 4). The net impact to shareholders’ net earnings and equity of this transaction to the values in
                                       the table above would be to increase sensitivities by $75 for a 10% increase or decrease in the value of publicly traded stocks and increase
                                       sensitivities by $150 for a 20% increase or decrease in the value of publicly traded stocks.
                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value of other non-
                                  fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values

                                                                                                 2023                                                                           2022
                                                                    10%                 5%                5%                10%                 10%                  5%                  5%               10%
                                                                  increase            increase          decrease          decrease            increase             increase            decrease         decrease
                                      Shareholders' net
                                        earnings              $            400 $             200 $             (200) $            (425) $               400 $               200 $             (200) $         (425)
                                      Shareholders'
                                        equity                             450               225               (225)              (450)                 425                 225               (225)           (450)




                                  158     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               46
                                           B  144                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(d) Enforceable Master Netting Arrangements or Similar Agreements
The Company enters into International Swaps and Derivative Association's (ISDA's) master agreements for transacting over-the-counter
derivatives. The Company receives and pledges collateral according to the related ISDA's Credit Support Annexes. The ISDA's master
agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting on the Consolidated Balance Sheets because they create a right of set-off that is enforceable
only in the event of default, insolvency, or bankruptcy.
For exchange-traded derivatives subject to derivative clearing agreements with the exchanges and clearinghouses, there is no provision for set-
off at default. Initial margin is excluded from the table within this disclosure as it would become part of a pooled settlement process.
The table sets out the potential effect on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets on financial instruments that have been shown in a gross
position where right of set-off exists under certain circumstances that do not qualify for netting on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

                                                                                                                          2023
                                                                                                       Related amounts not set-off in the
                                                                                                          Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                                               Gross amount of
                                                                                   financial
                                                                                 instruments
                                                                               presented in the          Offsetting
                                                                                 Consolidated           counterparty           Financial collateral              Net
                                                                                Balance Sheets            position 1          received / pledged 2             exposure
    Financial instruments - assets
      Derivative financial instruments                                       $               2,219 $                  (925) $                   (1,097) $                    197
    Total financial instruments - assets                                     $               2,219 $                  (925) $                   (1,097) $                    197
    Financial instruments - liabilities
      Derivative financial instruments                                       $               1,288 $                  (925) $                     (194) $                    169
    Total financial instruments - liabilities                                $               1,288 $                  (925) $                     (194) $                    169

                                                                                                                          2022




                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                          Related amounts not set-off in the
                                                                                                             Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                                                 Gross amount of

                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
                                                                                     financial
                                                                                   instruments
                                                                                 presented in the        Offsetting
                                                                                   Consolidated         counterparty            Financial collateral              Net
                                                                                  Balance Sheets         position 1            received / pledged 2             exposure
    Financial instruments - assets
      Derivative financial instruments                                       $               2,314 $                  (856) $                   (1,274) $                    184
    Total financial instruments - assets                                     $               2,314 $                  (856) $                   (1,274) $                    184
    Financial instruments - liabilities
      Derivative financial instruments                                       $               1,639 $                  (856) $                     (513) $                    270
    Total financial instruments - liabilities                                $               1,639 $                  (856) $                     (513) $                    270

1
      Includes counterparty amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets where the Company has a potential offsetting position (as described above) but does not
      meet the criteria for offsetting on the balance sheet, excluding collateral.
2
      Financial collateral presented above excludes overcollateralization and, for exchange-traded derivatives, initial margin. At December 31, 2023, total financial collateral,
      including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1,715 ($1,348 at December 31, 2022), and pledged on derivative liabilities was $773
      ($754 at December 31, 2022).




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    159

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             47
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        B  145
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  8.        Fair Value Measurement
                                  The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
                                  Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                                  Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-traded equity securities, exchange-
                                  traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active market with no redemption restrictions.
                                  Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                                  directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs other than quoted prices
                                  that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. The fair
                                  values for some Level 2 securities were obtained from a pricing service. The pricing service inputs include, but are not limited to, benchmark
                                  yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, offers and reference data. Level 2 assets
                                  and liabilities include those priced using a matrix which is based on credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted
                                  stock, some private bonds and investment funds, most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most
                                  over-the-counter derivatives, and mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the Level 2 category.
                                  Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and include situations
                                  where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained from single
                                  broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds,
                                  certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions,
                                  certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment properties and equity release mortgages.
                                  The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                                                                                                  2023
                                      Assets measured at fair value                                                    Level 1                    Level 2                     Level 3                 Total

                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                $                 7,742 $                         — $                      — $                  7,742
                                      Financial assets at FVTPL
                                         Bonds                                                                                       —                   145,049                         252              145,301




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Mortgage loans                                                                              —                     29,211                       4,203                 33,414
                                         Stocks                                                                                10,863                          218                      3,809                 14,890


PART B
                                      Total financial assets at FVTPL                                                          10,863                    174,478                        8,264             193,605
                                      Financial assets at FVOCI
                                         Bonds                                                                                       —                     11,750                         —                   11,750
                                         Mortgage loans                                                                              —                         578                        —                     578
                                      Total financial assets at FVOCI                                                                —                     12,328                         —                   12,328
                                      Investment properties                                                                          —                           —                      7,870                  7,870
                                                    1
                                      Derivatives                                                                                     1                      2,218                        —                    2,219
                                                             2
                                      Assets held for sale                                                                         614                       1,006                       907                   2,527
                                      Other assets:
                                         Trading account assets                                                                    242                       2,796                        —                    3,038
                                         Other 3                                                                                     —                         443                        —                     443
                                      Total assets measured at fair value                                      $               19,462 $                  193,269 $                  17,041 $              229,772


                                      Liabilities measured at fair value

                                      Derivatives 4                                                            $                      5 $                    1,283 $                      — $                  1,288
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                                                —                     88,919                         —                   88,919
                                      Other liabilities                                                                              —                         443                        —                     443
                                      Total liabilities measured at fair value                                 $                      5 $                  90,645 $                       — $                 90,650

                                  1
                                        Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $1,346.
                                  2
                                        Assets held for sale measured at fair value includes cash of $375, stocks of $46 and trading account assets of $2,106.
                                  3
                                        Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
                                  4
                                        Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $247.

                                  There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 in the year.



                                  160      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements           48
                                            B  146                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                              2022 1
    Assets measured at fair value                                                       Level 1                  Level 2                   Level 3                       Total
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                  $                  7,290 $                     — $                       — $                       7,290
    Financial assets at FVTPL
       Bonds                                                                                        —                  143,195                        195                    143,390
       Mortgage loans                                                                               —                   29,013                       3,371                       32,384
       Stocks                                                                                 10,548                          86                     3,029                       13,663
    Total financial assets at FVTPL                                                           10,548                   172,294                       6,595                   189,437
    Financial assets at FVOCI
       Bonds                                                                                        —                   12,701                          —                        12,701
       Mortgage loans                                                                               —                       621                         —                          621
    Total financial assets at FVOCI                                                                 —                   13,322                          —                        13,322
    Investment properties                                                                           —                         —                      8,344                        8,344
    Derivatives 2                                                                                   13                     2,301                        —                         2,314
    Assets held for sale                                                                            —                         —                         —                            —
    Other assets:
       Trading account assets                                                                      309                     1,723                      940                         2,972
       Other 3                                                                                      11                      180                         —                          191
    Total assets measured at fair value                                        $              18,171 $                 189,820 $                  15,879 $                   223,870


    Liabilities measured at fair value
    Derivatives 4                                                              $                    — $                    1,639 $                      — $                       1,639




                                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Investment contract liabilities                                                                 —                   94,810                          —                        94,810
    Other liabilities                                                                               11                      180                         —                          191

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
    Total liabilities measured at fair value                                   $                    11 $                96,629 $                        — $                      96,640

1
      Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.
2
      Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $1,348.
3
      Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
4
      Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $532.

There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 in the year.




                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report      161

                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               49
                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           B  147
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for which the
                                  Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                                              2023
                                                                                                                          FVTPL                                                  Trading        Assets        Total
                                                                                                             FVTPL       mortgage          FVTPL          Investment             account       held for      Level 3
                                                                                                             bonds        loans           stocks 4         properties             assets         sale        assets
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                         $        195 $        3,371 $         3,029 $            8,344 $            940 $           — $       15,879
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Included in net earnings                                                     6           345              148               (507)             (12)           25                5
                                        Included in other comprehensive income 1                                     —            52              (12)                53               —             (14)          79
                                      Purchases                                                                    68              —              948                191              23             12         1,242
                                      Issues                                                                         —           569                —                  —               —             —            569
                                      Sales                                                                       (17)             —             (304)              (211)              —             (67)        (599)
                                      Settlements                                                                    —          (134)               —                  —               —             —           (134)
                                      Other 2                                                                        —             —                —                  —             (951)          951            —
                                                               3
                                      Transfers into Level 3                                                         —             —                —                  —               —             —             —
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 3                                                     —             —                —                  —               —             —             —
                                      Balance, end of year                                               $        252 $        4,203 $         3,809 $            7,870 $              — $          907 $      17,041
                                      Total gains (losses) for the year included in net
                                        investment result                                                $           6 $         345 $            148 $             (507) $           (12) $         25 $              5
                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year
                                        included in earnings for assets held at December
                                        31, 2023                                         $                           6 $         334 $            148 $             (499) $            — $           25 $          14

                                                                                                                                                              2022




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                          FVTPL                           Available                            Trading        Total
                                                                                                             FVTPL       mortgage          FVTPL          for-sale          Investment         account       Level 3
                                                                                                             bonds        loans           stocks 4         stocks            properties         assets       assets


PART B
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                         $        100 $        2,609 $         1,680 $            204 $             7,763 $         531 $      12,887
                                      Impact of application of IFRS 9 overlay                                      45               6             349            (204)                 —             —            196
                                      Revised balance, beginning of year                                          145          2,615           2,029                —               7,763           531        13,083
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Included in net earnings                                                  (12)          (644)             225               —                 (41)         (125)         (597)
                                        Included in other comprehensive income 1                                     —            (70)              (7)             —                 (42)           30           (89)
                                      Purchases                                                                    82              —              924               —                710            710         2,426
                                      Issues                                                                         —         1,631                —               —                  —             —          1,631
                                      Sales                                                                       (20)             —             (142)              —                 (55)         (168)         (385)
                                      Settlements                                                                    —          (161)               —               —                  —             —           (161)
                                      Other                                                                          —             —                —               —                   9            —                 9
                                      Transfers into Level 3 3                                                       —             —                —               —                  —             12            12
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 3                                                     —             —                —               —                  —             (50)         (50)
                                      Balance, end of year                                               $        195 $        3,371 $         3,029 $              — $             8,344 $         940 $      15,879
                                      Total gains (losses) for the year included in net
                                        investment result                                                $        (12) $        (644) $           225 $             — $               (41) $       (125) $       (597)
                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year included
                                        in earnings for assets held at December 31, 2022        $                 (12) $        (642) $           199 $             — $               (34) $       (126) $       (615)

                                  1
                                        Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                  2
                                        Represents amounts reclassified to assets held for sale as a result of the agreement to sell Putnam Investments (note 4).
                                  3
                                        Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in
                                        mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
                                        market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
                                  4
                                        Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                  162      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                 50
                                              B  148                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at year-end in measuring assets and liabilities categorized as
Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                          Inter-relationship between
                                                                         Significant                                                      key unobservable inputs
    Type of asset          Valuation approach                            unobservable input         Input value                           and fair value measurement
    Investment             Investment property valuations are Discount rate                         Range of 4.2% - 11.3%                 A decrease in the discount rate
    properties             generally determined using                                                                                     would result in an increase in
                           property valuation models based on                                                                             fair value. An increase in the
                           expected capitalization rates and                                                                              discount rate would result in a
                           models that discount expected                                                                                  decrease in fair value.
                           future net cash flows. The
                           determination of the fair value of     Reversionary rate                 Range of 4.1% - 7.8%                  A decrease in the reversionary
                           investment property requires the                                                                               rate would result in an
                           use of estimates such as future cash                                                                           increase in fair value. An
                           flows (such as future leasing                                                                                  increase in the reversionary
                           assumptions, rental rates, capital                                                                             rate would result in a decrease
                           and operating expenditures) and                                                                                in fair value.
                           discount, reversionary and overall     Vacancy rate                      Weighted average of 4.7%              A decrease in the expected
                           capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                         vacancy rate would generally
                           asset based on current market                                                                                  result in an increase in fair
                           rates.                                                                                                         value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                          expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                          generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                          in fair value.
    Mortgage loans -       The valuation approach for equity    Discount rate                       Range of 4.3% - 6.2%                  A decrease in the discount rate
    equity release         release mortgages is to use an                                                                                 would result in an increase in
    mortgages (FVTPL)      internal valuation model to                                                                                    fair value. An increase in the
                           determine the projected asset cash                                                                             discount rate would result in a
                           flows, including the cost of the no                                                                            decrease in fair value.
                           negative equity guarantee for each
                           individual loan, to aggregate these
                           across all loans and to discount
                           those cash flows back to the
                           valuation date. The projection is
                           done monthly until expected




                                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                           redemption of the loan either
                           voluntarily or on the death/entering
                           into long term care of the
                           loanholders.

                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B
    Stocks                 The determination of the fair value Discount rate                        Various                               A decrease in the discount rate
                           of stocks requires the use of                                                                                  would result in an increase in
                           estimates such as future cash flows,                                                                           fair value.
                           discount rates, projected earnings                                                                             An increase in the discount
                           multiples, or recent transactions.                                                                             rate would result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                          in fair value.

The following presents the Company’s assets, liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                                                         2023
                                                                                                                                        Other assets/
                                                                                                                                        liabilities not
                                                                                                                                          held at fair
                                                                                 Level 1           Level 2             Level 3               value                 Total
    Assets disclosed at fair value
    Financial assets at amortized cost
      Mortgage loans                                                       $                — $           3,923 $                  — $                 — $              3,923
    Total financial assets at amortized cost                                                —             3,923                    —                   —                3,923
    Other stocks 1                                                                         321                —                    —                  456                   777
    Total assets disclosed at fair value                                   $               321 $          3,923 $                  — $                456 $             4,700


    Liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value
    Debentures and other debt instruments                                  $               192 $          8,212 $                  — $                 — $              8,404
    Limited recourse capital notes                                                          —             1,155                    —                   —                1,155
    Total liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value                   $               192 $          9,367 $                  — $                 — $              9,559

1
     Other stocks include the Company's investment in IGM.




                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    163

                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              51
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         B  149
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                               2022 1
                                                                                                                                                                  Other assets/
                                                                                                                                                                  liabilities not
                                                                                                                                                                    held at fair
                                                                                                    Level 1             Level 2                Level 3                 value             Total
                                      Assets disclosed at fair value
                                      Financial assets at amortized cost
                                        Mortgage loans                                          $              — $             3,577 $                    — $                    — $            3,577
                                      Total financial assets at amortized cost                                 —               3,577                      —                      —              3,577
                                      Other stocks 2                                                          347                   —                     —                     263              610
                                      Total assets disclosed at fair value                      $             347 $            3,577 $                    — $                   263 $           4,187


                                      Liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value
                                      Debentures and other debt instruments                     $             877 $            8,485 $                    — $                    — $            9,362
                                      Limited recourse capital notes                                           —               1,125                      —                      —              1,125
                                      Total liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value      $             877 $            9,610 $                    — $                    — $           10,487

                                  1
                                        Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.
                                  2
                                        Other stocks include the Company's investment in IGM.

                                  9.          Goodwill and Intangible Assets

                                  (a) Goodwill
                                  (i)         The Carrying Value and Changes in the Carrying Value of Goodwill are as Follows:
                                                                                                                                                                2023                    2022




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Cost
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                                    $                  11,860 $                10,284
                                      Transfer to assets held for sale                                                                                                 (1,214)                     —

PART B
                                      Business acquisitions                                                                                                              702                    1,287
                                      Purchase price allocation adjustments                                                                                                (1)                    31
                                      Allocated to intangible assets                                                                                                      (11)                    (80)
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                   (52)                   338
                                      Balance, end of year                                                                                          $                  11,284 $                11,860


                                      Accumulated impairment
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                                    $                  (1,249) $               (1,177)
                                      Transfer to assets held for sale                                                                                                  1,214                      —
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                    —                      (72)
                                      Balance, end of year                                                                                          $                     (35) $               (1,249)
                                      Net carrying amount                                                                                           $                  11,249 $                10,611

                                  (ii) Goodwill has Been Assigned to Cash Generating Unit Groupings as Follows:
                                                                                                                                                                2023                    2022
                                      Canada
                                        Group Customer                                                                                              $                   1,482 $                 1,482
                                        Individual Customer                                                                                                             3,250                   2,560
                                      Europe                                                                                                                            2,366                   2,355
                                      United States
                                        Financial Services                                                                                                              4,151                   4,214
                                      Total                                                                                                         $                  11,249 $                10,611




                                  164        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                52
                                             B  150                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(b) Intangible Assets
Intangible assets of $4,484 ($6,230 as at December 31, 2022) include indefinite life and finite life intangible assets. The carrying value and
changes in the carrying value of these intangible assets are as follows:

(i)      Indefinite Life Intangible Assets:
                                                               2023                                                                  2022
                                                                   Shareholders'                                                          Shareholders'
                                                                    portion of                                                             portion of
                                                                     acquired                                                               acquired
                                                                      future                                                                 future
                                                  Customer         participating                                        Customer          participating
                              Brands and           contract          account                           Brands and        contract           account
                              trademarks            related           profit              Total        trademarks         related            profit             Total
Cost
Balance, beginning of year $          1,079 $            2,678 $                  354 $     4,111 $         1,048 $             2,542 $               354 $        3,944
Additions                                 —                  26                    —              26            —                   —                   —               —
Transfer to assets held for
   sale                                 (425)           (2,294)                    —       (2,719)              —                   —                   —               —
Transfer to finite life
   intangible assets                     (95)                —                     —          (95)              —                   —                   —               —
Changes in foreign exchange
  rates                                     3                —                     —              3             31                136                   —              167
Balance, end of year          $         562 $              410 $                  354 $     1,326 $         1,079 $             2,678 $               354 $        4,111


Accumulated impairment
Balance, beginning of year $            (137) $         (1,092) $                  — $     (1,229) $          (130) $          (1,028) $                — $        (1,158)
Transfer to assets held for
   sale                                 103              1,092                     —        1,195               —                   —                   —               —




                                                                                                                                                                              GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Impairment                               (23)                —                     —          (23)              —                   —                   —               —
Changes in foreign exchange
  rates                                   —                  —                     —              —              (7)               (64)                 —              (71)

                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B
Balance, end of year          $          (57) $              — $                   — $        (57) $          (137) $          (1,092) $                — $        (1,229)
Net carrying amount           $         505 $              410 $                  354 $     1,269 $           942 $             1,586 $               354 $        2,882

During 2023, the Company recognized an impairment of $23 on the PanAgora brand which is presented within operating and administrative
expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

(ii) Indefinite Life Intangible Assets Have Been Assigned to Cash Generating Unit Groupings as Follows:
                                                                                                                                 2023                       2022
Canada
      Group Customer                                                                                                   $                    354 $                      354
      Individual Customer                                                                                                                   649                        649
Europe                                                                                                                                      247                        218
United States
      Asset Management                                                                                                                       19                    1,566
      Financial Services                                                                                                                     —                          95
Total                                                                                                                  $                  1,269 $                  2,882




                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    165

                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                53
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  151
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (iii) Finite Life Intangible Assets:
                                                                                                                                                2023
                                                                                     Customer contract          Distribution               Brands and                Technology and
                                                                                          related                channels                  trademarks                   software                   Total
                                  Amortization period range                              7 - 30 years             30 years                    10 years                 3 - 10 years
                                  Amortization method                                    Straight-line          Straight-line               Straight-line              Straight-line


                                  Cost
                                  Balance, beginning of year                         $              3,182 $                     105 $                       — $                   2,886 $                      6,173
                                  Additions                                                               29                     —                          —                          313                       342
                                  Transfer to assets held for sale                                       (50)                    —                          —                      (325)                        (375)
                                  Transfer from indefinite life intangible
                                     assets                                                               —                      —                          95                          —                         95
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                                      (29)                    2                           (2)                        (5)                       (34)
                                  Disposals                                                               —                      —                          —                      (312)                        (312)
                                  Balance, end of year                               $              3,132 $                     107 $                       93 $                  2,557 $                      5,889


                                  Accumulated amortization and
                                    impairment
                                  Balance, beginning of year                         $             (1,013) $                    (68) $                      — $                  (1,744) $                     (2,825)
                                  Transfer to assets held for sale                                        39                     —                          —                          244                       283
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                                        5                     (1)                        —                            7                        11
                                  Disposals                                                               —                      —                          —                          223                       223
                                  Amortization                                                       (166)                       (4)                         (7)                   (189)                        (366)
                                  Balance, end of year                               $             (1,135) $                    (73) $                       (7) $               (1,459) $                     (2,674)




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Net carrying amount                                $              1,997 $                     34 $                        86 $                  1,098 $                      3,215



PART B
                                                                                                                                          2022 (Restated)
                                                                                     Customer contract          Distribution                Brands and               Technology and
                                                                                          related                channels                   trademarks                  software                       Total
                                  Amortization period range                              7 - 30 years             30 years                    10 years                 3 - 10 years
                                  Amortization method                                    Straight-line          Straight-line               Straight-line              Straight-line


                                  Cost
                                  Balance, beginning of year                         $              2,494 $                     107 $                       — $                   2,488 $                      5,089
                                  Additions                                                              548                     —                          —                          352                       900
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                                      140                     (2)                        —                          76                        214
                                  Disposals                                                               —                      —                          —                          (30)                       (30)
                                  Balance, end of year                               $              3,182 $                     105 $                       — $                   2,886 $                      6,173


                                  Accumulated amortization and
                                    impairment
                                  Balance, beginning of year                         $               (821) $                    (66) $                      — $                  (1,474) $                     (2,361)
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                                      (32)                    2                          —                          (58)                       (88)
                                  Disposals                                                               —                      —                          —                            2                          2
                                  Amortization from continuing
                                    operations                                                       (157)                       (4)                        —                      (193)                        (354)
                                  Amortization from discontinued
                                    operations (note 4)                                                   (3)                    —                          —                          (21)                       (24)
                                  Balance, end of year                               $             (1,013) $                    (68) $                      — $                  (1,744) $                     (2,825)
                                  Net carrying amount                                $              2,169 $                     37 $                        — $                   1,142 $                      3,348

                                  During 2023, the Company recognized an impairment of $88 ($25 in 2022) on software assets in the United Kingdom which is presented within
                                  operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  The weighted average remaining amortization period of the customer contract related, distribution channels and brands and trademarks are 14,
                                  10 and 9 years respectively (15, 11 and nil years respectively at December 31, 2022).

                                  166    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                54
                                         B  152                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(c)         Recoverable Amount
For the purposes of annual impairment testing, the Company allocates intangible assets to cash generating units and goodwill to cash
generating unit groupings. Any potential impairment of indefinite life intangible assets is identified by comparing the recoverable amount of a
cash generating unit to its carrying value. Any potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the recoverable amount of a cash
generating unit grouping to its carrying value.
Fair value is initially assessed with reference to valuation multiples of comparable publicly-traded financial institutions and precedent business
acquisition transactions. The calculations utilize earnings and cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management.
These valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or price-to-book measures for life insurers and asset managers. This assessment may
give regard to a variety of relevant considerations, including expected growth, risk and capital market conditions, among other factors. The
valuation multiples used in assessing fair value represent Level 2 inputs.
In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company conducted its annual impairment testing of intangible assets and goodwill based on September 30,
2023 asset balances. It was determined that the recoverable amounts of cash generating units for intangible assets and cash generating unit
groupings for goodwill were in excess of their carrying values and there was no evidence of impairment.
Any reasonable changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining recoverable amounts of cash generating units or cash generating
unit groupings is unlikely to cause carrying values to exceed recoverable amounts.

10. Owner Occupied Properties and Fixed Assets
The carrying value of owner occupied properties and the changes in the carrying value of owner occupied properties are as follows:

                                                                                                                                      2023                        2022
    Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                                       $                   907 $                       882
    Less: accumulated depreciation/impairments                                                                                                  (183)                       (146)
    Net carrying value, beginning of year                                                                                                       724                         736
    Additions                                                                                                                                     26                         14
    Disposals                                                                                                                                     —                           —




                                                                                                                                                                                    GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Impairment                                                                                                                                    —                          (18)
    Depreciation                                                                                                                                 (18)                        (19)


                                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B
    Foreign exchange                                                                                                                               (1)                       11
    Net carrying value, end of year                                                                                         $                   731 $                       724

The net carrying value of fixed assets is $335 at December 31, 2023 ($399 at December 31, 2022).
The following provides details of the net carrying value of owner occupied properties and fixed assets by operating segment:

                                                                                                                                      2023                        2022
    Canada                                                                                                                  $                   583 $                       601
    United States                                                                                                                               270                         334
    Europe                                                                                                                                      212                         187
    Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                     1                           1
    Total                                                                                                                   $                 1,066 $                     1,123

There are no restrictions on the title of the owner occupied properties and fixed assets, nor are they pledged as security for debt.

11. Other Assets

                                                                                                                                      2023                     2022
                                                                                                                                                             (Restated)
    Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                              $                   913 $                       923
    Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                         308                         371
    Trading account assets 1                                                                                                                  3,038                       2,972
    Finance leases receivable                                                                                                                   668                         536
    Defined benefit pension plan assets (note 26)                                                                                               365                         463
    Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                            128                         132
    Funds held under investment contracts                                                                                                     7,268                       8,130
    Miscellaneous other assets                                                                                                                1,795                       2,422
    Total                                                                                                                   $                14,483 $                    15,949
1
     Includes bonds of $2,797 and stocks of $241 at December 31, 2023 (bonds of $2,647 and stocks of $325 at December 31, 2022).
                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    167

                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                55
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       B  153
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Total other assets of $5,000 ($5,560 at December 31, 2022) are expected to be derecognized within 12 months from the reporting date. This
                                  amount excludes deferred acquisition costs, the changes in which are noted below.

                                  Deferred Acquisition Costs
                                                                                                                                                              2023                     2022
                                                                                                                                                                                     (Restated)
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                                                      $                    923 $                      851
                                  Additions                                                                                                                            201                        173
                                  Amortization                                                                                                                        (114)                       (101)
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                     (2)                        23
                                  Disposals                                                                                                                            (95)                        (23)
                                  Balance, end of year                                                                                            $                    913 $                      923

                                  Right-of-Use Assets
                                                                                                            2023                                                       2022
                                                                                         Property         Equipment           Total              Property            Equipment            Total
                                  Cost
                                  Balance, beginning of year                         $         626 $               13 $               639 $               578 $                12 $               590
                                  Additions                                                     91                  2                  93                     40                 2                 42
                                  Modifications                                                     (3)            —                    (3)                    (8)             (1)                  (9)
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                                 (2)            —                    (2)                   16               —                   16
                                  Transfer to assets held for sale                             (147)               (2)               (149)                    —                —                    —
                                  Balance, end of year                               $         565 $               13 $               578 $               626 $                13 $               639




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Accumulated depreciation
                                  Balance, beginning of year                         $         (259) $             (9) $             (268) $              (194) $              (7) $              (201)
                                  Depreciation                                                  (50)               (2)                 (52)                   (66)             (3)                 (69)

PART B
                                  Modifications                                                     2              —                     2                     6                 1                   7
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                                 (1)            —                    (1)                    (5)             —                    (5)
                                  Transfer to assets held for sale                              47                  2                  49                     —                —                    —
                                  Balance, end of year                               $         (261) $             (9) $             (270) $              (259) $              (9) $              (268)
                                  Net carrying amount, end of year                   $         304 $                4 $               308 $               367 $                  4 $              371

                                  Finance Leases Receivable
                                  The Company has a finance lease on one property in Canada which has been leased for a 25-year term. The Company has ten finance leases on
                                  properties in Europe. These properties have been leased for terms ranging between 27 and 40 years.

                                  The Terms to Maturity of the Lease Payments Receivable are as Follows:
                                                                                                                                                              2023                     2022
                                  One year or less                                                                                                $                     39 $                       34
                                  Over one year to two years                                                                                                            41                         36
                                  Over two years to three years                                                                                                         42                         37
                                  Over three years to four years                                                                                                        42                         37
                                  Over four years to five years                                                                                                         43                         37
                                  Over five years                                                                                                                    1,063                        879
                                  Total undiscounted lease payments                                                                                                  1,270                    1,060
                                  Less: unearned finance lease income                                                                                                  602                        524
                                  Total finance leases receivable                                                                                 $                    668 $                      536
                                  Finance income on the net investment in the leases                                                              $                     32 $                       28




                                  168    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                  56
                                         B  154                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


12. Insurance Revenue

                                                                                                                          2023                        2022
Contracts not measured under the PAA
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
  Experience adjustments                                                                                        $                    (87) $                     (127)
  CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                            1,224                       1,169
  Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                                 609                         638
  Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                                                   9,161                       8,802
  Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                      556                         446
                                                                                                                $                11,463 $                    10,928
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                                                  8,939                       8,704
Total insurance revenue                                                                                         $                20,402 $                    19,632

13. Insurance Service and Other Operating Expenses

                                                                                                                          2023                        2022
Claims and benefits incurred                                                                                    $                13,982 $                    12,924
Allocation of premium directly to recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                      702                         637
Adjustments to the liability for incurred claims                                                                                    (625)                        12
Losses and reversal of losses on onerous insurance contracts                                                                          62                         61
Salaries and other employee benefits                                                                                              4,544                       4,148
General and administrative                                                                                                        1,785                       1,264
Interest expense on leases                                                                                                            11                         10




                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Depreciation of fixed assets                                                                                                          87                        105
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                                   52                         57


                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
Commissions                                                                                                                       1,579                       1,658
Total expenses                                                                                                  $                22,179 $                    20,876
Represented by:
Insurance service expenses                                                                                      $                15,777 $                    15,272
Other operating and administrative expenses                                                                                       6,402                       5,604
Total expenses                                                                                                  $                22,179 $                    20,876




                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    169

                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                57
                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  155
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  14. Insurance Contracts

                                  (a) Analysis by Remaining Coverage and Incurred Claims
                                      Insurance contracts                                                                                                 2023
                                                                                                       Liability for remaining
                                                                                                               coverage                       Liability for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                        Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                                    Estimates      Risk
                                                                                                                                    of present adjustment
                                                                                                       Excluding          Contracts value of    for non-   Asset for
                                                                                                          loss     Loss   not under   future    financial acquisition
                                                                                                      component component   PAA     cash flows     risk   cash flows                                     Total
                                      Opening assets                                                  $      (1,275) $             2 $           197 $            (64) $           — $             — $ (1,140)
                                      Opening liabilities                                                  118,505              199            3,366         12,994              545            (171)    135,438
                                      Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund
                                        policyholders                                                       57,841               —                —              —                —               —       57,841
                                      Net opening balance                                                  175,071              201            3,563         12,930              545            (171)    192,139
                                      Changes in the Consolidated Statements of
                                        Earnings and Comprehensive Income
                                      Insurance revenue                                                    (20,402)               —                —               —               —               —     (20,402)
                                      Insurance service expenses
                                         Incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                    —               (22)          9,311          6,250               99               —      15,638
                                         Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows                       702               —               —              —                —                —         702
                                         Losses and reversal of losses on onerous contracts                      —                62              —              —                —                —          62
                                        Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                          —                 —             (47)           (455)            (123)              —        (625)
                                                                                                               702                40          9,264           5,795              (24)              —      15,777
                                      Investment components                                                (10,085)               —           7,193           2,892               —                —          —




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total changes in insurance service result                            (29,785)               40         16,457           8,687              (24)              —      (4,625)
                                      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                         contracts                                                            9,515               12           5,274             709              31               —      15,541


PART B
                                      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                       88               —                7              72               3               —         170
                                      Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of
                                         Earnings and Comprehensive Income                                 (20,182)               52         21,738           9,468               10               —      11,086
                                      Cash flows
                                        Premiums received                                                   30,906                —                —               —               —               —      30,906
                                        Incurred claims paid and other insurance service
                                           expenses paid                                                        (63)              —         (21,594)         (8,823)               —               —     (30,480)
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows                                       (865)              —              —               —                 —               —        (865)
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows transferred from
                                           the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows at
                                           initial recognition                                                 (32)               —              —               —                 —               —        (32)
                                        Other cash flows 1                                                     903                —              —               —                 —               —        903
                                      Total cash flows                                                      30,849                —         (21,594)         (8,823)               —               —        432
                                      Asset for acquisition cash flows
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows paid in the period                       —               —                —               —               —              (35)       (35)
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to groups
                                           of insurance contracts recognized in the period                        —               —                —               —               —               32         32
                                      Total changes in asset for acquisition cash flows                         —                —                —              —                —               (3)        (3)
                                      Other movements 2                                                       (157)              —                —              —                —               —        (157)
                                      Net closing balance 3                                           $    185,581 $            253 $          3,707 $       13,575 $            555 $          (174) $ 203,497
                                      Recorded in:
                                      Closing assets                                                  $      (2,021) $           — $             831 $           (3) $            — $             — $ (1,193)
                                      Closing liabilities                                                  127,300              253            2,876         13,578              555            (174) 144,388
                                      Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund
                                        policyholders                                                       60,302               —                —              —                —               —      60,302
                                      Net closing balance 3                                           $    185,581 $            253 $          3,707 $       13,575 $            555 $          (174) $ 203,497

                                  1
                                       Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via funding component balance (FCB), claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements,
                                       and other cash flows from policy loans.
                                  2
                                       Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
                                       other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
                                  3
                                       Included in the insurance contract balances are loans to policyholders of $8,945 and funds withheld of $3,926.


                                  170     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            58
                                           B  156                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


    Insurance contracts                                                                                                    2022
                                                                           Liability for remaining
                                                                                   coverage                     Liability for incurred claims
                                                                                                                           Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                            Estimates         Risk
                                                                                                            of present adjustment
                                                                         Excluding               Contracts   value of      for non-     Asset for
                                                                            loss        Loss     not under future cash     financial   acquisition
                                                                       component component         PAA         flows          risk     cash flows    Total
    Opening assets                                                     $      (2,125) $       — $      730 $       (138) $          — $          — $ (1,533)
    Opening liabilities                                                    140,178           181     2,963       14,155            595        (162) 157,910
    Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                         65,253              —                 —              —                —               —        65,253
    Net opening balance                                                     203,306             181             3,693         14,017              595            (162)     221,630
    Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
       and Comprehensive Income
    Insurance revenue                                                        (19,632)                —              —              —                —               —       (19,632)
    Insurance service expenses
       Incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                       —              (26)          8,848           5,396              344               —       14,562
       Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows                          637              —               —               —                —                —          637
      Losses and reversal of losses on onerous contracts                          —               61              —               —                —                —           61
      Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                              —               —              (66)            377             (299)              —           12
                                                                                 637              35           8,782           5,773               45               —       15,272
    Investment components                                                     (9,018)             —            6,072           2,946               —                —           —
    Total changes in insurance service result                                (28,013)             35          14,854           8,719               45               —       (4,360)
    Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
       contracts                                                             (27,956)            (16)           4,370         (1,359)              (88)             —       (25,049)
    Effect of movement in exchange rates                                         127               1               27           (139)               (7)             —             9
    Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of




                                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       Earnings and Comprehensive Income                                     (55,842)            20           19,251           7,221               (50)             —       (29,400)
    Cash flows
       Premiums received                                                     30,502                  —              —              —                —               —       30,502

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B
       Incurred claims paid and other insurance service
          expenses paid                                                           (55)               —       (19,362)         (8,280)               —               —       (27,697)
       Insurance acquisition cash flows                                          (832)               —            —               —                 —               —          (832)
       Insurance acquisition cash flows transferred from
          the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows at
          initial recognition                                                   (98)                 —            —               —                 —               —          (98)
       Other cash flows 1                                                       898                  —            —               —                 —               —          898
    Total cash flows                                                         30,415                  —       (19,362)         (8,280)               —               —        2,773
    Asset for acquisition cash flows
       Insurance acquisition cash flows paid in the period                          —                —              —              —                —            (107)         (107)
       Insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to groups
          of insurance contracts recognized in the period                         —              —                 —              —                —               98         98
    Total changes in asset for acquisition cash flows                             —              —                 —              —                —               (9)         (9)
    Other movements 2                                                         (2,982)            —                (19)           (28)              —               —      (3,029)
    Impact of acquisitions/dispositions 3                                        174             —                 —              —                —               —         174
    Net closing balance 4                                              $    175,071 $           201 $           3,563 $       12,930 $            545 $          (171) $ 192,139
    Recorded in:
    Closing assets                                                     $      (1,275) $           2 $             197 $          (64) $            — $             — $ (1,140)
    Closing liabilities                                                     118,505             199             3,366         12,994              545            (171) 135,438
    Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund
      policyholders                                                          57,841              —                 —              —                —               —      57,841
    Net closing balance 4                                              $    175,071 $           201 $           3,563 $       12,930 $            545 $          (171) $ 192,139

1
     Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
     policy loans.
2
     Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
     other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
3
     On April 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential Financial, Inc. The contributions of the acquired
     business to the Company's overall results have been presented separately for the comparative period.
4
     Included in the insurance contract balances are loans to policyholders of $8,999 and funds withheld of $4,105.




                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   171
                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             59

                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               B  157
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (b) Analysis by Measurement Component for Insurance Contracts not Measured Under PAA
                                      Insurance contracts                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                                               Estimates of               Risk
                                                                                                                              present value           adjustment
                                                                                                                              of future cash            for non-
                                                                                                                                   flows             financial risk          CSM                  Total
                                      Opening assets                                                                         $           (4,271) $                 515 $         2,773 $               (983)
                                      Opening liabilities                                                                              105,278                   6,036          11,361              122,675
                                      Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                   57,841                      —               —                57,841
                                      Net opening balance                                                                              158,848                   6,551          14,134              179,533
                                      Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
                                        Comprehensive Income
                                      Changes that relate to current service
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                 —                      —            (1,224)             (1,224)
                                        Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                    —                    (611)              —                 (611)
                                        Experience adjustments                                                                              214                      1               —                  215
                                      Changes that relate to future service
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                       (1,037)                   358              688                    9
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                             (11)                    91              (80)                 —
                                        Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on onerous
                                          contacts                                                                                            56                     15               —                   71
                                      Changes that relate to past service
                                         Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                                                     (45)                     (2)              —                   (47)
                                      Total changes in insurance service result                                                           (823)                   (148)            (616)              (1,587)
                                      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance contracts                                            14,058                     591              152              14,801
                                      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                 (22)                     32               78                   88




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
                                         Comprehensive Income                                                                           13,213                     475             (386)             13,302
                                      Cash flows
                                        Premiums received                                                                               19,144                       —                —              19,144

PART B
                                        Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid                                 (21,654)                      —                —             (21,654)
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                   (755)                     —                —                (755)
                                        Other cash flows 1                                                                                  897                      —                —                 897
                                      Total cash flows                                                                                   (2,368)                     —                —              (2,368)
                                      Other movements 2                                                                                   (157)                     —               —                  (157)
                                      Net closing balance                                                                    $         169,536 $                 7,026 $        13,748 $            190,310
                                      Recorded in:
                                      Closing assets                                                                         $           (6,560) $               1,654 $         3,796 $              (1,110)
                                      Closing liabilities                                                                              115,794                   5,372           9,952              131,118
                                      Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                   60,302                      —               —                60,302
                                      Net closing balance                                                                    $         169,536 $                 7,026 $        13,748 $            190,310

                                  1
                                       Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
                                       policy loans.
                                  2
                                       Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
                                       other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                  172     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            60
                                           B  158                                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


    Insurance contracts                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                               Estimates of            Risk
                                                                                               present value       adjustment
                                                                                              of future cash         for non-
                                                                                                   flows          financial risk            CSM                   Total
    Opening assets                                                                           $          (7,289) $           2,376 $            3,609 $                (1,304)
    Opening liabilities                                                                               127,643               7,067              9,447                144,157
    Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                    65,253                  —                  —                  65,253
    Net opening balance                                                                               185,607               9,443             13,056                208,106
    Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive
      Income
    Changes that relate to current service
      CSM recognized for services provided                                                                  —                   —                (1,169)             (1,169)
      Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                     —                 (638)                  —                 (638)
      Experience adjustments                                                                               140                   1                   —                  141
    Changes that relate to future service
      Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                        (1,138)                385                  766                   13
      Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                            (958)               (112)               1,069                   (1)
      Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on onerous
          contacts                                                                                          21                   21                   —                   42
    Changes that relate to past service
      Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                                                       (68)                   1                   —                  (67)
    Total changes in insurance service result                                                          (2,003)                (342)                 666              (1,679)
    Net finance (income) expenses from insurance contracts                                            (21,211)              (2,497)                 116             (23,592)
    Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                   254                  (83)                   2                  173
    Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive
       Income                                                                                         (22,960)              (2,922)                 784             (25,098)




                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Cash flows
      Premiums received                                                                                 18,672                  —                   —                18,672
      Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid                                   (19,417)                 —                   —               (19,417)


                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
      Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                     (746)                —                   —                   (746)
      Fee transfers from the segregated fund                                                                (52)                —                   —                    (52)
      Other cash flows 1                                                                                    936                 —                   —                    936
    Total cash flows                                                                                       (607)                —                   —                   (607)
    Other movements 2                                                                                    (3,042)                —                   —                 (3,042)
    Impact of acquisitions/dispositions 3                                                                  (150)                30                 294                   174
    Net closing balance                                                                      $        158,848 $              6,551 $            14,134 $           179,533
    Recorded in:
    Closing assets                                                                           $          (4,271) $              515 $             2,773 $              (983)
    Closing liabilities                                                                               105,278                6,036              11,361             122,675
    Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                    57,841                   —                   —               57,841
    Net closing balance                                                                      $        158,848 $              6,551 $            14,134 $           179,533

1
     Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
     policy loans.
2
     Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
     other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
3
     On April 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential Financial, Inc. The contributions of the acquired
     business to the Company's overall results have been presented separately for the comparative period.




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    173

                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             61
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      B  159
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (c)      Composition of Insurance Contract Liabilities and Related Supporting Assets
                                  (i)      The Composition of the Insurance and Reinsurance Contract Assets and Liabilities, as well as Investment
                                           Contract Liabilities is as Follows:
                                                                                                                                           2023
                                                                                                              Reinsurance                                                                 Reinsurance
                                                                                      Insurance contract     contract held        Insurance contract    Investment                       contract held
                                                                                            assets               assets                liabilities   contract liabilities                  liabilities
                                  Participating
                                        Canada                                        $               — $                    — $                  50,499 $                       — $                      —
                                        United States                                                 —                      —                     5,032                         —                        —
                                        Europe                                                        —                      —                       124                         —                        —
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                    —                      —                       671                         —                        —
                                  Non-Participating
                                        Canada                                                       400               1,243                      30,956                     3,931                    208
                                        United States                                                291              12,243                      13,047                   83,966                     163
                                        Europe                                                       331               3,713                      39,266                       341                    250
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                   171                 133                       4,793                       681                        27
                                  Total                                               $            1,193 $            17,332 $                  144,388 $                  88,919 $                   648

                                                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                              Reinsurance                                                                  Reinsurance
                                                                                      Insurance contract     contract held         Insurance contract        Investment contract          contract held
                                                                                            assets               assets                 liabilities                liabilities              liabilities
                                  Participating
                                        Canada                                        $               — $                    — $                  46,127 $                       — $                      —




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        United States                                                 —                      —                     5,161                         —                        —
                                        Europe                                                        —                      —                       126                         —                        —


PART B
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                    —                      —                       656                         —                        —
                                  Non-Participating
                                        Canada                                                       408               1,211                      28,931                     3,635                    164
                                        United States                                                245              12,624                      13,508                   90,139                     167
                                        Europe                                                       322               3,639                      35,544                       323                    226
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                   165                     97                    5,385                       713                        (20)
                                  Total                                               $            1,140 $            17,571 $                  135,438 $                  94,810 $                   537




                                  174     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             62
                                          B  160                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(ii) The Composition of the Assets Supporting Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities and Equity is as
     Follows:
                                                                                                          2023
                                                                         Mortgage                                Investment
                                                   Bonds                  loans                 Stocks            properties               Other                    Total
    Carrying value
    Participating liabilities
       Canada                                $           22,726 $                 12,503 $           9,853 $               4,662 $                  755 $              50,499
       United States                                       4,299                      500                187                     —                   46                     5,032
       Europe                                                  56                       —                 41                     3                   24                      124
       Capital and Risk Solutions                            570                            5             —                      —                   96                      671
    Non-participating liabilities
       Canada                                            21,408                    4,244             2,782                   644                  5,809                34,887
       United States                                     53,381                   11,760             1,301                       —              30,571                 97,013
       Europe                                            25,738                    6,707                 467               2,113                  4,582                39,607
       Capital and Risk Solutions                          4,938                      488                 —                      —                   48                     5,474
    Other                                                11,448                    1,483                 164                     —             436,977                450,072
    Total equity                                         12,487                       724                938                 448                15,254                 29,851
    Total carrying value                     $          157,051 $                 38,414 $          15,733 $               7,870 $             494,162 $              713,230
    Fair value                               $          157,051 $                 37,915 $          15,667 $               7,870 $             494,162 $              712,665

                                                                                                          2022 1
                                                                         Mortgage                                  Investment
                                                   Bonds                  loans                 Stocks              properties             Other                    Total




                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Carrying value
    Participating liabilities
       Canada                                $           20,006 $                 12,049 $           9,194 $               4,876 $                     2 $             46,127

                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
       United States                                       4,366                      552                137                     —                  106                     5,161
       Europe                                                  54                       —                 46                     8                   18                      126
       Capital and Risk Solutions                            553                            7             —                      —                   96                      656
    Non-participating liabilities
       Canada                                            20,610                    3,851             2,707                   685                  4,713                32,566
       United States                                     60,783                   12,456                 873                     —              29,535                103,647
       Europe                                            23,512                    6,082                 388               2,345                  3,540                35,867
       Capital and Risk Solutions                          5,343                      216                 —                      —                  539                     6,098
    Other                                                10,023                    1,128                  79                     —             401,933                413,163
    Total equity                                         10,841                       856                877                 430                15,791                 28,795
    Total carrying value                     $          156,091 $                 37,197 $          14,301 $               8,344 $             456,273 $              672,206
    Fair value                               $          156,091 $                 36,582 $          14,273 $               8,344 $             456,273 $              671,563

1
      Represents application of IFRS 9 overlay.

Cash flows of assets supporting insurance and investment contract liabilities are matched within reasonable limits. Changes in the fair values of
these assets are largely offset by changes in the fair value of insurance and investment contract liabilities.
Changes in the fair values of assets backing capital and surplus, less related income taxes, would result in a corresponding change in surplus
over time in accordance with investment accounting policies.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     175

                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               63
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       B  161
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (d) Effect on Measurement Components of Contracts Initially Recognized in the Year
                                  Insurance contracts                                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                                                                       Profitable                  Onerous
                                                                                                                                    contracts issued            contracts issued                     Total

                                  Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                              $                    465 $                          46 $                       511
                                  Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                            11,710                             88                       11,798
                                  Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                    12,175                            134                       12,309
                                  Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                    (13,208)                           (138)                 (13,346)
                                  Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                             338                            20                         358
                                  CSM                                                                                                                690                             (2)                       688
                                  Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                        $                       (5) $                       14 $                          9

                                  Insurance contracts                                                                                                                   2022
                                                                                                                                       Profitable                  Onerous
                                                                                                                                    contracts issued            contracts issued                     Total
                                  Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                              $                    343 $                          64 $                       407
                                  Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                            10,753                            526                       11,279
                                  Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                    11,096                            590                       11,686
                                  Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                    (12,155)                           (669)                 (12,824)
                                  Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                             296                            89                         385
                                  CSM                                                                                                                755                            11                         766
                                  Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                        $                       (8) $                       21 $                        13

                                  The Company did not acquire any insurance contracts held through transfer or business combination.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  (e) Maturity Analysis of Insurance and Reinsurance Contracts Held
                                  The following table shows the undiscounted expected future cash outflows (inflows) for insurance and reinsurance contracts held by expected

PART B
                                  timing based on best estimate actuarial assumptions and excludes amounts from insurance contract liabilities on account of segregated fund
                                  holders. Whole life individual insurance products have expected cash flows for several decades in the future. Examples of cash outflows are
                                  payment of claims and expenses, and examples of cash inflows are premiums.

                                                                                                                                              2023
                                                                                          1 year or                                                                                  Over
                                                                                             less         1-2 years      2-3 years          3-4 years           4-5 years           5 years             Total
                                  Insurance contracts
                                        Insurance contract liabilities                $        7,815 $         4,180 $         4,150 $            4,331 $               4,602 $       434,966 $          460,044
                                        Insurance contract assets                               (674)           (675)            (633)              (577)                (534)             (7,892)       (10,985)
                                                                                      $        7,141 $         3,505 $         3,517 $            3,754 $               4,068 $       427,074 $          449,059


                                  Reinsurance contracts held
                                        Reinsurance contract held liabilities         $           15 $          110 $                96 $             85 $                69 $                (41) $           334
                                        Reinsurance contract held assets                        (407)            (94)               (70)              (83)                (76)             (3,258)           (3,988)
                                                                                      $         (392) $           16 $               26 $               2 $                (7) $           (3,299) $         (3,654)




                                  176     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                      64
                                          B  162                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                      2022
                                                             1 year or                                                                                     Over
                                                                less         1-2 years             2-3 years        3-4 years           4-5 years         5 years           Total
Insurance contracts
      Insurance contract liabilities                     $        6,685 $            3,355 $             3,274 $          3,524 $            3,615 $        395,405 $        415,858
      Insurance contract assets                                    (592)                 (499)            (480)            (430)               (387)          (3,056)           (5,444)
                                                         $        6,093 $            2,856 $             2,794 $          3,094 $            3,228 $        392,349 $        410,414


Reinsurance contracts held
      Reinsurance contract held liabilities              $         (107) $                (29) $           (33) $            (32) $             (31) $           644 $              412
      Reinsurance contract held assets                             (392)                 (120)             (83)              (87)               (99)          (3,532) $         (4,313)
                                                         $         (499) $               (149) $          (116) $          (119) $             (130) $        (2,888) $         (3,901)

(f)      Amount of Insurance Contract Liabilities Payable on Demand
The amounts from insurance contract liabilities that are payable on demand are set out below. The amounts payable on demand include the
cash surrender value and/or the account value less applicable surrender charges payable. Insurance contract liabilities held on account of
segregated fund holders are excluded from the amounts payable on demand and carrying amounts.

                                                                                                                                              2023                       2022
Amounts payable on demand                                                                                                           $                61,367 $                   58,426
Carrying amounts                                                                                                                                     93,324                     85,805

(g) Expected Remaining CSM Recognition
                                                                                                           Insurance contracts




                                                                                                                                                                                           GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                      1 year or                                                                                             Over
                                                         less            1-2 years        2-3 years       3-4 years      4-5 years         5-10 years      10 years          Total
2023                                                 $        1,138 $        1,051 $               972 $          898 $             827 $        3,241 $        5,621 $         13,748

                                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
2022                                                          1,139          1,060                 972            899               832          3,336          5,896           14,134

(h) Expected Derecognition of the Asset for Insurance Acquisition Cash Flows
                                                                                                           Insurance contracts
                                                      1 year or                                                                                             Over
                                                         less            1-2 years        2-3 years       3-4 years      4-5 years         5-10 years      10 years          Total
2023                                                 $           30 $            28 $               26 $            24 $            20 $             46 $            — $            174
2022                                                             29              27                 25              23              21               46              —              171

(i)      Insurance Risk
Actuarial Assumptions
In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of mortality/morbidity, investment
returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy options or provisions. The valuation
assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a risk adjustment for non-financial risk. The risk adjustment for non-financial
risk represents the compensation that the Company requires for bearing uncertainty in the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows.
Risk adjustments for non-financial risk are reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.
The Company measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for reinsurance held using assumptions that are consistent with
those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance contracts, with an adjustment for any
non-performance by the reinsurer.
Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discount rates derived from a reference portfolio or stochastic
modeling at end of the reporting period. The Company’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that market participants would
consider and make maximum use of observable market data.
The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined below:
Mortality
A life insurance mortality study is carried out regularly for each major block of insurance business. The results of each study are used to update
the Company’s experience valuation mortality tables for that business. Annuitant mortality is also studied regularly, and the results are used to
modify established annuitant mortality tables. When there is insufficient data, the Company uses the latest industry experience to derive an

                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    177

                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                65
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B  163
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  appropriate valuation mortality assumption. Improvement scales for life insurance and annuitant mortality are updated periodically based on
                                  population and industry studies, product specific considerations, as well as professional guidance. In addition, appropriate provisions are made
                                  for future mortality deterioration on term insurance.
                                  Morbidity
                                  The Company uses industry developed experience tables modified to reflect emerging Company experience. Both claim incidence and
                                  termination are monitored regularly, and emerging experience is factored into the current valuation.
                                  Expenses
                                  Expenses for certain items, such as sales commissions and policy taxes and fees, are either contractual or specified by law, and so they are only
                                  reflected on a best estimate basis in the liability. Operating expenses, such as policy and claims administration as well as overhead, are more
                                  variable. The Company produces expense studies for operating expenses regularly to determine an appropriate estimate of future operating
                                  expenses for the liability type being valued. An inflation assumption is incorporated in the estimate of future operating expenses held within the
                                  liability.
                                  Policy Termination
                                  Studies to determine rates of policy termination are updated regularly to form the basis of this estimate. Industry data is also available and is
                                  useful where the Company has no experience with specific types of policies or its exposure is limited. The Company's most significant exposures
                                  are in respect of the T-100 and Level Cost of Insurance Universal Life products in Canada and policy renewal rates at the end of the term for
                                  renewable term policies in Canada and Capital and Risk Solutions. Industry experience has guided the Company's assumptions for these
                                  products as its own experience is very limited.
                                  Property and Casualty Reinsurance
                                  Insurance contract liabilities for property and casualty reinsurance written by Capital and Risk Solutions are determined using accepted
                                  actuarial practices for property and casualty insurers in Canada. The insurance contract liabilities are based on cession statements provided by
                                  ceding companies. In addition, insurance contract liabilities also include an amount for incurred but not reported losses, which may differ
                                  significantly from the ultimate loss development. The estimates and underlying methodology are continually reviewed and updated and
                                  adjustments to estimates are reflected in net earnings. Capital and Risk Solutions analyzes the emergence of claims experience against expected
                                  assumptions for each reinsurance contract separately and at the portfolio level. If necessary, a more in depth analysis is undertaken of the




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  cedant experience.
                                  Utilization of Elective Policy Options



PART B
                                  There are a wide range of elective options embedded in the policies issued by the Company. Examples include term renewals, conversion to
                                  whole life insurance (term insurance), settlement annuity purchase at guaranteed rates (deposit annuities) and guarantee re-sets (segregated
                                  fund maturity guarantees). The assumed rates of utilization are based on Company or industry experience when it exists and otherwise based
                                  on judgment considering incentives to utilize the option. Generally, whenever it is clearly in the best interests of an informed policyholder to
                                  utilize an option, then it is assumed to be elected.
                                  Policyholder Dividends and Adjustable Policy Features
                                  Future policyholder dividends and other adjustable policy features are included in the determination of insurance contract liabilities with the
                                  assumption that policyholder dividends or adjustable benefits will change in the future in response to the relevant experience. The dividend
                                  and policy adjustments are determined consistent with policyholders’ reasonable expectations, such expectations being influenced by the
                                  participating policyholder dividend policies and/or policyholder communications, marketing material and past practice. It is the Company's
                                  expectation that changes will occur in policyholder dividend scales or adjustable benefits for participating or adjustable business respectively,
                                  corresponding to changes in the best estimate assumptions, resulting in an immaterial net change in insurance contract liabilities. Where
                                  underlying guarantees may limit the ability to pass all of this experience back to the policyholder, the impact of this non-adjustability impacting
                                  shareholders' net earnings is reflected in the impacts of changes in best estimate assumptions below.
                                  Investment Returns
                                  Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold. The Company utilizes a formal process for managing
                                  the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are
                                  managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment. The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by
                                  changes in the value of financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and
                                  the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings under IFRS 17 and
                                  IFRS 9.
                                  Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
                                  In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/morbidity,
                                  investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy options or provisions.
                                  When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a change in the value of liabilities which in
                                  turn affects the Company’s earnings.




                                  178   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   66
                                        B  164                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Non-Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
Insurance Risk

                                                                                                                              2023
                                                                                            Net earnings                                               CSM 1
                                                                                    Before                    Net of                    Before                    Net of
                                                                                  Reinsurance            Reinsurance Held             Reinsurance            Reinsurance Held

    2% Life mortality increase                                               $               (100) $                      (100) $                   (375) $                      (200)
    2% Annuity mortality decrease                                                                175                       150                      (700)                        (625)
    5% Morbidity adverse change                                                              (150)                        (125)                     (225)                        (100)
    5% Expense increase                                                                           —                          —                      (150)                        (150)
    10% Adverse change in policy termination and renewal                                         50                          50                   (1,025)                        (950)

                                                                                                                              2022
                                                                                            Net earnings                                               CSM 1
                                                                                      Before                   Net of                     Before                   Net of
                                                                                   Reinsurance            Reinsurance Held             Reinsurance            Reinsurance Held
    2% Life mortality increase                                               $                   50 $                        25 $                   (550) $                      (325)
    2% Annuity mortality decrease                                                                200                       200                      (725)                        (650)
    5% Morbidity adverse change                                                                  (75)                     (100)                     (275)                        (125)
    5% Expense increase                                                                           —                          —                      (175)                        (175)
    10% Adverse change in policy termination and renewal                                         150                       150                    (1,125)                   (1,100)

1
     The impacts to the CSM are pre-tax.

These sensitivities reflect the impact on net earnings and CSM of an immediate change in assumptions on the value of insurance and




                                                                                                                                                                                         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
reinsurance contracts held and investment contracts. The impact on equity is equal to the net earnings impact.
Under IFRS 17, assumption changes on insurance risks directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM. The impact of assumption changes
on CSM are measured at locked-in discount rates, for contracts measured under the General Measurement Model. Net earnings impacts arise

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B
from any differences relative to the fair value impact of assumption changes impacting CSM, as well as assumption changes on contracts which
do not have CSM (including short term insurance contracts). For assumption changes impacting CSM, there is a second-order impact to
earnings which captures the present value difference between the impact of assumption changes measured at prevailing discount rates and
locked-in discount rates. In general, prevailing discount rates are currently higher than locked-in rates for the Company’s insurance contracts,
as most locked-in rates for the calculation of CSM impacts were struck at January 1, 2022 for the in-force portfolio. Therefore, an unfavourable
change in assumptions on insurance risks, leading to a liability strengthening offset by CSM reduction, also results in a positive earnings impact
in the period due to the fair value impact.
Concentration risk may arise from geographic regions, accumulation of risks and market risk. The concentration of insurance risk before and
after reinsurance by geographic region is described in the segmented information (note 33).
Reinsurance Risk
Maximum limits per insured life benefit amount (which vary by line of business) are established for life and health insurance, and reinsurance
is purchased for amounts in excess of those limits.
Reinsurance costs and recoveries as defined by the reinsurance agreement are reflected in the valuation with these costs and recoveries being
appropriately calibrated to the direct assumptions.
Reinsurance contracts do not relieve the Company from its obligations to policyholders. Failure of reinsurers to honour their obligations could
result in losses to the Company. The Company evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers to minimize its exposure to significant losses
from reinsurer insolvencies.
Certain of the reinsurance contracts are on a funds withheld basis where the Company retains the assets supporting the reinsured insurance
contract liabilities, thus minimizing the exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvency on those contracts.




                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     179

                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               67
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B  165
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Discount Rates
                                  The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability cash flows by
                                  major currency:

                                                        2023                        Year 1         Year 5            Year 10                Year 20           Year 30                Year 50
                                                             Lower                       6.0 %           4.5 %               4.4 %                  4.3 %            4.2 %                4.5 %
                                  CAD
                                                             Upper                       6.4 %           4.9 %               4.9 %                  4.9 %            4.8 %                4.9 %
                                                             Lower                       5.7 %           4.8 %               4.8 %                  5.3 %            4.9 %                4.7 %
                                  USD
                                                             Upper                       6.1 %           5.2 %               5.3 %                  5.8 %            5.4 %                5.0 %
                                                             Lower                       3.2 %           2.1 %               2.2 %                  2.5 %            2.9 %                4.3 %
                                  EUR
                                                             Upper                       4.8 %           3.6 %               3.8 %                  4.1 %            4.2 %                4.5 %
                                                             Lower                       4.9 %           3.8 %               4.0 %                  4.7 %            4.6 %                3.7 %
                                  GBP
                                                             Upper                       5.9 %           4.8 %               5.1 %                  5.7 %            5.6 %                4.7 %

                                                        2022                        Year 1         Year 5            Year 10                Year 20           Year 30                Year 50
                                                             Lower                       5.9 %           4.8 %               4.8 %                  4.9 %            4.7 %                5.0 %
                                  CAD
                                                             Upper                       6.3 %           5.3 %               5.3 %                  5.3 %            5.2 %                5.1 %
                                                             Lower                       5.9 %           5.3 %               5.1 %                  5.6 %            5.2 %                4.9 %
                                  USD
                                                             Upper                       6.3 %           5.7 %               5.5 %                  6.0 %            5.6 %                5.0 %
                                                             Lower                       2.5 %           2.8 %               2.8 %                  2.9 %            3.1 %                4.3 %
                                  EUR
                                                             Upper                       4.2 %           4.5 %               4.5 %                  4.6 %            4.5 %                4.6 %
                                                             Lower                       4.0 %           4.2 %               4.3 %                  4.6 %            4.4 %                3.8 %
                                  GBP
                                                             Upper                       5.3 %           5.4 %               5.5 %                  5.9 %            5.7 %                5.1 %

                                  The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When interest rates are




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free rate and illiquidity premium. These
                                  amounts are set based on historical data.



PART B




                                  180   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             68
                                        B  166                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15. Reinsurance Contracts Held

(a) Analysis by Remaining Coverage and Incurred Claims
    Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                            2023
                                                                                  Asset for remaining
                                                                                       coverage                       Asset for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                 Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                                Estimates      Risk
                                                                               Excluding                                        of present adjustment
                                                                                  loss     Loss               Contracts          value of   for non-
                                                                               recovery  recovery             not under        future cash  financial
                                                                              component component              the PAA            flows        risk                  Total
    Opening assets                                                            $      16,212 $           76 $            952 $            320 $              11 $       17,571
    Opening liabilities                                                                     (760)       —               223                —                —                (537)
    Net opening balance                                                              15,452             76            1,175              320                11         17,034
    Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
      and Comprehensive Income
    Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                           (3,676)           28            1,319              784                  1         (1,544)
    Investment components                                                                   (107)       —               107                —                —                  —
    Net finance income from reinsurance contracts, excluding
      the effect of changes in non-performance risk of
      reinsurers                                                                            184           6              34                —                —                224
    Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                    (189)       —                11                 3               —                (175)
    Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of
       Earnings and Comprehensive Income                                              (3,788)           34            1,471              787                  1         (1,495)
    Cash flows
       Premiums paid                                                                   6,930            —                 —                —                —            6,930




                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Incurred claims received and other insurance service
         amounts received                                                                     —         —            (1,426)            (861)               —           (2,287)
      Other cash flows 1                                                              (3,341)           —                 —                —                —           (3,341)

                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
    Total cash flows                                                                   3,589            —            (1,426)            (861)               —            1,302
                          2
    Other movements                                                                         (157)       —                 —                —                —                (157)
    Net closing balance 3                                                     $      15,096 $          110 $          1,220 $            246 $              12 $       16,684
    Recorded in:
    Closing assets                                                            $      15,981 $           90 $          1,002 $            247 $              12 $       17,332
    Closing liabilities                                                                     (885)       20              218                 (1)             —                (648)
    Net closing balance 3                                                     $      15,096 $          110 $          1,220 $            246 $              12 $       16,684

1
      Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
2
      Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
      other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
3
      Included in the reinsurance contracts held amounts are funds withheld by the Company under reinsurance contracts of $4,491.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    181

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              69
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         B  167
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                      Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                               2022
                                                                                                                  Asset for remaining
                                                                                                                       coverage                             Asset for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                                       Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                                                                     Estimates             Risk
                                                                                                               Excluding                                             of present        adjustment
                                                                                                                  loss            Loss            Contracts           value of          for non-
                                                                                                               recovery         recovery          not under         future cash         financial
                                                                                                              component        component           the PAA             flows               risk        Total
                                      Opening assets                                                         $      20,425 $              65 $           1,003 $               342 $            8 $     21,843
                                      Opening liabilities                                                            (1,314)               —                 24                  —             —         (1,290)
                                      Net opening balance                                                           19,111                65             1,027                 342              8       20,553
                                      Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
                                        Comprehensive Income
                                      Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                        (3,538)              17             1,196                 788              6        (1,531)
                                      Investment components                                                             (63)               —                 63                  —             —                —
                                      Net finance income from reinsurance contracts, excluding
                                        the effect of changes in non-performance risk of
                                        reinsurers                                                                   (1,180)               (6)               (50)               (12)            (3)      (1,251)
                                      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                              737                —                   5                 (3)           —               739
                                      Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                        and Comprehensive Income                                                     (4,044)              11             1,214                 773              3        (2,043)
                                      Cash flows
                                         Premiums paid                                                               3,308                 —                  —                  —             —          3,308
                                        Incurred claims received and other insurance service
                                           amounts received                                                              —                 —            (1,034)                (794)           —         (1,828)
                                        Other cash flows 1                                                               29                —                  —                  —             —                29
                                      Total cash flows                                                               3,337                 —            (1,034)                (794)           —          1,509




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Other movements 2                                                              (2,952)               —                 (32)                (1)           —         (2,985)
                                      Net closing balance 3                                                  $      15,452 $              76 $           1,175 $               320 $           11 $     17,034


PART B
                                      Recorded in:
                                      Closing assets                                                         $      16,212 $              76 $              952 $              320 $           11 $     17,571
                                      Closing liabilities                                                              (760)               —                223                  —             —           (537)
                                      Net closing balance 3                                                  $      15,452 $              76 $           1,175 $               320 $           11 $     17,034

                                  1
                                        Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
                                  2
                                        Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
                                        other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
                                  3
                                        Included in the reinsurance contracts held amounts are funds withheld by the Company under reinsurance contracts of $1,039.




                                  182      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             70
                                            B  168                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(b) Analysis by Measurement Component for Reinsurance Contracts Held not Measured Under PAA
    Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                                       2023
                                                                                                 Estimates of              Risk
                                                                                                present value          adjustment
                                                                                                of future cash           for non-
                                                                                                     flows            financial risk            CSM                  Total
    Opening assets                                                                              $         15,791 $              1,062 $                514 $            17,367
    Opening liabilities                                                                                    (1,458)                 429                 497                   (532)
    Net opening balance                                                                                   14,333                1,491                1,011              16,835
    Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
      Comprehensive Income
    Changes that relate to current service
       CSM recognized for services received                                                                     —                   —                 (102)                  (102)
       Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                        —                 (156)                  —                   (156)
       Experience adjustments                                                                                  40                    (1)                 —                    39
    Changes that relate to future service
       Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                              (85)                 69                   22                     6
       Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                              (332)                 158                 174                     —
       Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on onerous
         contacts                                                                                              20                   10                   —                    30
    Changes that relate to past service
       Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability for
         incurred claims                                                                                        (4)                  (1)                 —                     (5)
    Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                  (361)                  79                   94                  (188)
    Net finance income from reinsurance contracts, excluding the effect of
      changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                                                            62                  152                   13                  227




                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                     (181)                    7                   (5)                (179)
    Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
       Comprehensive Income                                                                                  (480)                 238                 102                   (140)


                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
    Cash flows
       Premiums paid                                                                                        4,834                   —                    —               4,834
       Incurred claims received and other insurance service amounts received                               (1,427)                  —                    —              (1,427)
       Other cash flows 1                                                                                  (3,341)                  —                    —              (3,341)
    Total cash flows                                                                                           66                   —                    —                    66
    Other movements 2                                                                                        (157)                  —                    —                   (157)
    Net closing balance                                                                         $         13,762 $              1,729 $              1,113 $            16,604
    Recorded in:
    Closing assets                                                                              $         16,181 $                 866 $               163 $            17,210
    Closing liabilities                                                                                    (2,419)                 863                 950                   (606)
    Net closing balance                                                                         $         13,762 $              1,729 $              1,113 $            16,604

1
      Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
2
      Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
      other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    183

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              71
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        B  169
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                      Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                                          2022
                                                                                                                                      Estimates of             Risk
                                                                                                                                      present value        adjustment
                                                                                                                                      of future cash         for non-
                                                                                                                                          flows           financial risk              CSM                Total
                                      Opening assets                                                                              $          19,427 $                1,496 $                 705 $             21,628
                                      Opening liabilities                                                                                     (2,123)                  472                   371               (1,280)
                                      Net opening balance                                                                                    17,304                  1,968              1,076                  20,348
                                      Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive
                                        Income
                                      Changes that relate to current service
                                         CSM recognized for services received                                                                      —                     —                    (95)                (95)
                                         Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                         —                   (153)                  —                  (153)
                                         Experience adjustments                                                                                   (54)                   —                    —                   (54)
                                      Changes that relate to future service
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                             (113)                    74                   53                  14
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                 (39)                   72                   (44)                (11)
                                         Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on onerous
                                           contacts                                                                                                 5                    11                   —                   16
                                      Changes that relate to past service
                                         Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability for
                                           incurred claims                                                                                        18                       1                  —                   19
                                      Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                   (183)                      5                  (86)               (264)
                                      Net finance income from reinsurance contracts, excluding the effect of
                                        changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                                                           (787)                  (472)                  27               (1,232)
                                      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                       759                    (10)                   (6)               743




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive
                                        Income                                                                                                  (211)                  (477)                  (65)               (753)
                                      Cash flows


PART B
                                         Premiums paid                                                                                         1,231                     —                    —                 1,231
                                         Incurred claims received and other insurance service amounts received                                (1,035)                    —                    —                (1,035)
                                         Other cash flows 1                                                                                       29                     —                    —                   29
                                      Total cash flows                                                                                           225                     —                    —                  225
                                      Other movements 2                                                                                       (2,985)                    —                    —                (2,985)
                                      Net closing balance                                                                         $          14,333 $                1,491 $            1,011 $                16,835
                                      Recorded in:
                                      Closing assets                                                                              $          15,791 $                1,062 $                 514 $             17,367
                                      Closing liabilities                                                                                     (1,458)                  429                   497                 (532)
                                      Net closing balance                                                                         $          14,333 $                1,491 $            1,011 $                16,835

                                  1
                                        Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
                                  2
                                        Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
                                        other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.

                                  (c)       Effect on Measurement Components of Contracts Initially Recognized in the Year
                                      Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                                               2023                     2022
                                      Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                                  $                   882 $                    1,199
                                      Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                                                      (797)                    (1,086)
                                      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                                           (69)                       (74)
                                      Income recognized on initial recognition                                                                                                           6                        14
                                      CSM                                                                                                                          $                   (22) $                     (53)

                                  The Company did not acquire any reinsurance contracts held through transfer or business combination.




                                  184      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               72
                                            B  170                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(d) Expected Remaining CSM Recognition
                                                                                                 Reinsurance contracts held
                                                  1 year or                                                                                         Over
                                                     less          1-2 years         2-3 years     3-4 years       4-5 years       5-10 years      10 years          Total
2023                                             $        (122) $          (108) $         (97) $           (86) $         (77) $         (266) $         (357) $        (1,113)
2022                                                       (91)             (82)           (75)             (68)           (61)           (253)           (381)          (1,011)

16. Investment Contract Liabilities

Change in Investment Contract Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
                                                                                                                                      2023                        2022
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                  $                94,810 $                    53,694
   Impact of acquired business                                                                                                                    —                      44,905
   Normal change in force business                                                                                                           (9,356)                     (1,544)
   Investment experience                                                                                                                      4,806                      (8,454)
   Management action and changes in assumptions                                                                                                    (9)                      (13)
   Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                    (1,332)                     6,222
Balance, end of year                                                                                                        $                88,919 $                    94,810

All investment contract liabilities are measured at FVTPL.

17. Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities

The Company offers segregated fund products in Canada, the U.S. and Europe that are referred to as segregated funds, separate accounts and




                                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
unit-linked funds in the respective region. These funds are contracts issued by insurers to segregated fund policyholders where the benefit is
directly linked to the performance of the investments, the risks or rewards of the fair value movements and net investment income is realized by
the segregated fund policyholders. The segregated fund policyholders are required to select segregated funds that hold a range of underlying


                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B
investments. While the Company has legal title to the investments, there is a contractual obligation to pass along the investment results to the
segregated fund policyholder and the Company segregates these investments from those of the Company.
In Canada and the U.S., the segregated fund and separate account assets are legally separated from the general assets of the Company under the
terms of the policyholder agreement and cannot be used to settle obligations of the Company. In Europe, the assets of the funds are functionally
and constructively segregated from those of the Company. As a result of the legal and constructive arrangements of these funds, the assets of
these funds are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as investments on account of segregated fund policyholders and the associated
liabilities as investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
policyholders.
In circumstances where the segregated funds are invested in structured entities and are deemed to control the entity, the Company has
presented the non-controlling ownership interest within the segregated funds for the risk of policyholders as equal and offsetting amounts in
the assets and liabilities. The amounts presented within are $6,070 at December 31, 2023 ($6,388 at December 31, 2022).
Within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, all segregated fund policyholders’ income, including fair value changes and net investment
income, is credited to the segregated fund policyholders and reflected in the assets and liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders
within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These revenues and expenses are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings where the
contracts with the segregated fund policyholders are classified as insurance contracts.

Segregated Funds Guarantee Exposure
The Company offers retail segregated fund products, unitized with profits (UWP) products and variable annuity products that provide for
certain guarantees that are tied to the market values of the investment funds. While these products are similar to mutual funds, there is a key
difference from mutual funds as the segregated funds have certain guarantee features that protect the segregated fund policyholder from market
declines in the underlying investments. These guarantees are the Company’s primary exposure on these funds. The Company accounts for
these guarantees within insurance and investment contract liabilities within the consolidated financial statements. In addition to the
Company’s exposure on the guarantees, the fees earned by the Company on these products are impacted by the market value of these funds.
In Canada, the Company offers retail segregated fund products through Canada Life. These products provide guaranteed minimum death
benefits (GMDB) and guaranteed minimum accumulation on maturity benefits.
In the U.S., the Company has a mix of open and closed blocks of group variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
(GMWB) and a closed block of group standalone GMDB products which mainly provide return of premium on death. A block of GMWB policies
was acquired from Prudential on April 1, 2022.
In Europe, the Company offers UWP products in Germany and unit-linked products with investment guarantees in Ireland. These products are
similar to segregated fund products but include minimum credited interest rates and pooling of policyholders' funds.

                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    185

                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               73
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  171
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Company also offers a GMWB product in the U.S., and Germany, and previously offered a GMWB product in Canada and Ireland. Certain
                                  GMWB products offered by the Company offer levels of death and maturity guarantees. At December 31, 2023, the amount of GMWB product
                                  in-force in Canada, the U.S., Ireland and Germany was $7,343 ($7,033 at December 31, 2022).
                                  The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting requirements of each
                                  region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

                                  (a) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                                2023               2022 1
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     $                  15,024 $                14,562
                                      Bonds                                                                                                                                            72,111                  69,371
                                      Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                    2,022                   2,159
                                      Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                              130,415                 117,863
                                      Mutual funds                                                                                                                                 188,549                 168,459
                                      Investment properties                                                                                                                            12,071                  13,035
                                                                                                                                                                                   420,192                 385,449
                                      Accrued income                                                                                                                                     832                     692
                                      Other liabilities                                                                                                                                (4,138)                 (4,647)
                                      Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                             6,070                   6,388
                                      Total 2                                                                                                                       $              422,956 $               387,882

                                  1
                                        The Company has adjusted certain comparative figures to conform to the current year's presentation. These adjustments had no impact on the equity or net earnings of
                                        the Company.
                                  2
                                        At December 31, 2023, $64,097 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($66,283 at
                                        December 31, 2022). Included in this amount are $72 of cash and cash equivalents, $11,133 of bonds, $15 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $52,816 of mutual funds, $89 of
                                        accrued income and $(28) of other liabilities.

                                  (b) Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                2023                   2022


PART B
                                      Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                               $                  60,302 $                57,841
                                      Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                             362,654                 330,041
                                                                                                                                                                    $              422,956 $               387,882

                                  (c)       Insurance Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders - Effect on Measurement
                                            Components of Contracts Initially Recognized in the Year
                                      Segregated funds                                                                                                                          2023
                                                                                                                                               Profitable                  Onerous
                                                                                                                                            contracts issued            contracts issued           Total

                                      Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                  $                      — $                         — $                     —
                                      Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                                  3,367                           —                    3,367
                                      Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                          3,367                           —                    3,367
                                      Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                          (3,367)                          —                   (3,367)
                                      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                   —                           —                       —
                                      Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                            $                      — $                         — $                     —

                                      Segregated funds                                                                                                                          2022
                                                                                                                                               Profitable                  Onerous
                                                                                                                                            contracts issued            contracts issued               Total
                                      Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                  $                      — $                         — $                     —
                                      Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                                  4,275                           —                    4,275
                                      Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                          4,275                           —                    4,275
                                      Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                          (4,275)                          —                   (4,275)
                                      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                   —                           —                       —
                                      Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                            $                      — $                         — $                     —




                                  186      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                74
                                            B  172                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(d) Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Funds Policyholders
                                                                                                                                          2023                     2022 1
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                  $              387,882 $                  357,419
      Additions (deductions):
            Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                51,236                       40,618
            Net investment income                                                                                                                  7,333                       8,019
            Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                              6,430                       1,082
            Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                 33,660                   (62,823)
            Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                     (1,033)                     9,487
            Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                            (59,686)                  (46,859)
            Portfolio transfer (note 4) / business acquisition                                                                                     (2,662)                    77,700
            Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                      54                         64
            Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                      14                         (14)
            Net transfer from (to) general fund                                                                                                       46                         (74)
            Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                   (318)                      3,263
    Total                                                                                                                                        35,074                       30,463
    Balance, end of year                                                                                                        $              422,956 $                  387,882

1
     The Company has adjusted certain comparative figures to conform to the current year's presentation. These adjustments had no impact on the equity or net earnings of
     the Company.

(e) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level
                                                                                                                            2023
                                                                                          Level 1            Level 2                     Level 3                    Total




                                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Investments on account of segregated fund
      policyholders 1                                                            $             299,451 $             113,199 $                     13,792 $               426,442



                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
1
     Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $3,486.

                                                                                                                            2022
                                                                                          Level 1             Level 2                    Level 3                      Total


    Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders 1, 2 $                             270,892 $             106,720 $                     14,455 $               392,067

1
     Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,185.
2
     The Company has adjusted certain comparative figures to conform to the current year's presentation. These adjustments had no impact on the equity or net earnings of
     the Company.

During 2023, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $56 have been transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 ($2,301 were transferred from Level 2 to
Level 1 at December 31, 2022) primarily based on the Company's change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for
certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include those assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where
inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in active markets and where the Company does not have access to the underlying asset details
within an investment fund.
As at December 31, 2023, $3,912 ($3,928 at December 31, 2022) of the segregated funds were invested in funds managed by related parties IG
Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, members of the Power Corporation group of companies (note 28).
The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for which the
Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                          2023                        2022
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                  $                14,455 $                     13,822
    Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                             (1,073)                      (310)
    Purchases                                                                                                                                        795                       1,011
    Sales                                                                                                                                           (445)                       (366)
    Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                           350                        343
    Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                        (290)                        (45)
    Balance, end of year                                                                                                        $                13,792 $                     14,455



                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    187

                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                75
                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       B  173
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level 3 are due
                                  primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple pricing
                                  vendors.
                                  In addition to the segregated funds, the Company has interests in a number of structured unconsolidated entities including mutual funds,
                                  open-ended investment companies, and unit trusts. These entities are created as investment strategies for its unit-holders based on the
                                  directive of each individual fund.
                                  Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of the Company, who are paid sub-advisory fees at normal market rates for their services.
                                  The Company earns management fees related to managing the segregated fund products. Management fees can be variable due to performance
                                  of factors – such as markets or industries – in which the fund invests. Fee income derived in connection with the management of investment
                                  funds generally increases or decreases in direct relationship with changes of assets under management which is affected by prevailing market
                                  conditions, and the inflow and outflow of client assets.
                                  Factors that could cause assets under management and fees to decrease include declines in equity markets, changes in fixed income markets,
                                  changes in interest rates and defaults, redemptions and other withdrawals, political and other economic risks, changing investment trends and
                                  relative investment performance. The risk is that fees may vary but expenses and recovery of initial expenses are relatively fixed, and market
                                  conditions may cause a shift in asset mix potentially resulting in a change in revenue.
                                  During 2023, fee and other income earned by the Company resulting from the Company’s interests in segregated funds and other structured
                                  entities was $4,020 ($3,911 during 2022).
                                  Included within other assets (note 11) at December 31, 2023 is $2,878 ($2,777 at December 31, 2022) of investments by the Company in bonds
                                  and stocks of Empower and other sponsored funds and $160 ($195 at December 31, 2022) of investments in stocks of sponsored unit trusts in
                                  Europe.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
PART B




                                  188   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements   76
                                        B  174                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18. Debentures and Other Debt Instruments

                                                                                                            2023                                  2022
                                                                                                 Carrying             Fair            Carrying              Fair
                                                                                                  value              value             value               value
    Short-term
      Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rates
         5.729% (4.628% at December 31, 2022), unsecured                                  $              132 $               132 $             135 $               135
      Revolving credit facility with interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR (U.S. $45; U.S.
         $50 at December 31, 2022), unsecured                                                              60                 60                 67                 67
      Non-revolving credit facility with interest based on Adjusted Term SOFR (U.S. $0;
         U.S. $500 at December 31, 2022), unsecured                                                       —                   —                675                 675
    Total short-term                                                                                     192                 192               877                 877
    Capital:
    Long-term
      Lifeco
         6.74% Debentures due November 24, 2031, unsecured                                               196                 229               196                 223
         6.67% Debentures due March 21, 2033, unsecured                                                  395                 461               395                 447
         5.998% Debentures due November 16, 2039, unsecured                                              343                 396               343                 372
         4.70% Senior bonds due November 16, 2029, unsecured, (€500) 1                                   726                 784               721                 744
         3.337% Debentures due February 28, 2028, unsecured                                              499                 483               498                 467
         2.981% Debentures due July 8, 2050, unsecured                                                   494                 388               494                 342
         2.50% Senior bonds due April 18, 2023, unsecured, (€500) 1                                       —                  —                 725               724
         2.379% Debentures due May 14, 2030, unsecured                                                   598                540                597               507
         1.75% Senior bonds due December 7, 2026, unsecured, (€500) 1                                    728                703                722               665
                                                                                                       3,979              3,984              4,691             4,491
      Canada Life




                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        6.40% Subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028, unsecured                                   100                 109               100                 108
      Canada Life Capital Trust (CLCT)
        7.529% due June 30, 2052, unsecured, face value $150                                             156                 179               157                 177

                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
      Great-West Lifeco Finance 2018, LP
         4.581% Senior notes due May 17, 2048, unsecured, (U.S. $500)                                    659                 597               669                 555
         4.047% Senior notes due May 17, 2028, unsecured, (U.S. $300)                                    398                 388               403                 380
                                                                                                       1,057                 985             1,072                 935
      Great-West Lifeco Finance (Delaware) LP
        4.15% Senior notes due June 3, 2047, unsecured, (U.S. $700)                                      917                 787               930                 729
      Great-West Lifeco U.S. Finance 2020, LP
        0.904% Senior notes due August 12, 2025, unsecured, (U.S. $500)                                  663                 621               672                 600
      Empower Finance 2020, LP
         3.075% Senior notes due September 17, 2051, unsecured, (U.S. $700)                              922                643               935                588
         1.776% Senior notes due March 17, 2031, unsecured, (U.S. $400)                                  530                429               537                406
         1.357% Senior notes due September 17, 2027, unsecured, (U.S. $400)                              530                475               538                451
                                                                                                       1,982              1,547             2,010              1,445
    Total long-term                                                                                    8,854              8,212             9,632              8,485
    Total                                                                                    $         9,046 $            8,404 $          10,509 $            9,362

1
     Designated as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.

On April 18, 2023, the Company repaid the principal amount of its maturing 2.50% €500 senior bonds, together with accrued interest.
Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, made payments on its non-revolving credit facility of U.S. $150 on March 31, 2023,
U.S. $150 on June 30, 2023, U.S. $100 on September 29, 2023 and U.S. $100 on December 29, 2023. The remaining drawn balance was nil as at
December 31, 2023.

Capital Trust Securities
CLCT, a trust established by Canada Life, had issued $150 of Canada Life Capital Securities - Series B (CLiCS - Series B), the proceeds of which
were used by CLCT to purchase Canada Life senior debentures in the amount of $150.
Distributions and interest on the capital trust securities are classified as financing costs in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings (note 19).
The fair value for capital trust securities is determined by the bid-ask price. Refer to note 7 for risk management.
Subject to regulatory approval, CLCT may redeem the CLiCS - Series B, in whole or in part, at any time.

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    189

                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             77
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  175
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  19. Financing Costs
                                  Financing costs consist of the following:

                                                                                                                                                            2023                   2022
                                  Operating charges:
                                        Interest on operating lines and short-term debt instruments                                               $                  30 $                   24


                                  Financial charges:
                                        Interest on long-term debentures and other debt instruments                                                                 304                    280
                                        Interest on limited recourse capital notes                                                                                   54                     54
                                        Interest on capital trust securities                                                                                         11                     11
                                        Other                                                                                                                        27                     24
                                                                                                                                                                    396                    369
                                  Total                                                                                                           $                 426 $                  393

                                  20. Other Liabilities

                                                                                                                                                            2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                                                             (Restated)
                                  Pension and other post-employment benefits (note 26)                                                            $                 581 $                  563
                                  Lease liabilities                                                                                                                 361                    507
                                  Bank overdraft                                                                                                                    243                    274
                                  Deferred income reserves                                                                                                          256                    293




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Other                                                                                                                            8,146                  7,276
                                  Total                                                                                                           $                9,587 $                8,913

                                  Total other liabilities of $8,389 ($6,755 at December 31, 2022) are expected to be derecognized within 12 months from the reporting date. This

PART B
                                  amount excludes deferred income reserves, the changes in which are noted below.

                                  Deferred Income Reserves
                                                                                                                                                            2023                   2022
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                                                      $                 293 $                  314
                                  Additions                                                                                                                          54                     63
                                  Amortization                                                                                                                       (62)                   (63)
                                  Changes in foreign exchange                                                                                                          6                     (7)
                                  Disposals                                                                                                                          (35)                   (14)
                                  Balance, end of year                                                                                            $                 256 $                  293

                                  Lease Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                            2023
                                                                                                                           Property                   Equipment                Total
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                        $                    503 $                         4 $                 507
                                  Transfer to liabilities held for sale                                                                 (157)                        —                     (157)
                                  Additions                                                                                                96                          1                    97
                                  Modifications                                                                                           (31)                       —                      (31)
                                  Lease payments                                                                                          (58)                        (2)                   (60)
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                         (6)                      —                       (6)
                                  Interest                                                                                                 11                        —                      11
                                  Balance, end of year                                                              $                    358 $                         3 $                 361




                                  190     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              78
                                          B  176                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                    2022
                                                                                                       Property                  Equipment                     Total
Balance, beginning of year                                                                     $                  517 $                          5 $                      522
Additions                                                                                                           40                           2                         42
Modifications                                                                                                       (2)                         —                          (2)
Lease payments                                                                                                     (86)                          (3)                      (89)
Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                   15                          —                          15
Interest                                                                                                            19                          —                          19
Balance, end of year                                                                           $                  503 $                          4 $                      507

The following table presents the contractual undiscounted cash flows for lease obligations:

                                                                                         Total undiscounted lease obligations
                                                         1 year or                                                                               Over
                                                            less         1-2 years         2-3 years      3-4 years           4-5 years         5 years           Total
2023                                                 $            61 $              51 $           49 $             47 $                40 $           175 $              423
2022                                                              79                72             62               56                  55             310                634

21. Non-Controlling Interests
The Company has a controlling equity interest in Canada Life, Empower, and Putnam at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022.
Non-controlling interests attributable to participating account surplus is the proportion of the equity attributable to the participating account of
the Company's subsidiaries.
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries also include non-controlling interests for the issued and outstanding shares of Putnam and PanAgora
held by employees of the respective companies, as well as through a Canada Life subsidiary's controlling interest in certain Canadian advisor




                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
businesses.

(a) The Non-Controlling Interests Recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and the Other

                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
    Comprehensive Income are as Follows:
                                                                                                                                    2023                       2022
Net earnings attributable to participating account
   Canada Life                                                                                                            $                     24 $                      (91)
   Empower                                                                                                                                       (1)                       —
Net earnings (loss) - participating account                                                                                                     23                        (91)
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                       —                           3
Total                                                                                                                     $                     23 $                      (88)

The Company paid $1,818 of participating policyholder dividends for the year ended December 31, 2023 ($1,627 for the year ended December
31, 2022).
The non-controlling interests recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $87 ($(153) for the year
ended December 31, 2022).

(b) The Carrying Value of Non-Controlling Interests Consists of the Following:
                                                                                                                                    2023                       2022
Participating account surplus in subsidiaries:
   Canada Life                                                                                                            $                  2,844 $                   2,733
   Empower                                                                                                                                       3                          1
Total                                                                                                                     $                  2,847 $                   2,734


Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                 $                    168 $                      152




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    191

                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                79
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B  177
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  22. Share Capital

                                  (a) Limited Recourse Capital Notes
                                                                                                                                       2023                                      2022
                                  Limited recourse capital notes Earliest redemption date Interest rate Carrying value                         Fair value           Carrying value        Fair value
                                        Series 1                                      November 30, 2026     3.60 % $              1,500 $                1,155 $             1,500 $              1,125

                                  On August 16, 2021, the Company issued $1,500 aggregate principal amount 3.60% Limited Recourse Capital Notes Series 1 (Subordinated
                                  Indebtedness) at par, maturing on December 31, 2081 (LRCN Series 1). The LRCN Series 1 bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.60% per annum
                                  payable semi-annually, up to but excluding December 31, 2026. On December 31, 2026 and every five years thereafter until and including
                                  December 31, 2076, the interest rate on the LRCN Series 1 will be reset at an interest rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada Yield,
                                  plus 2.641%. Commencing November 30, 2026, the Company will have the option to redeem the LRCN Series 1 every five years during the
                                  period from November 30 to December 31, in whole or in part at par, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest.
                                  Non-payment of interest or principal when due on the LRCN Series 1 will result in a recourse event, with the noteholders’ sole remedy being
                                  receipt of their proportionate share of Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares, Series U (Series U Preferred Shares) held in a
                                  newly formed consolidated trust (Limited Recourse Trust). All claims of the holders of LRCN Series 1 against the Company will be extinguished
                                  upon receipt of the corresponding trust assets. The Series U Preferred Shares are eliminated on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                  while being held within the Limited Recourse Trust.

                                  (b) Preferred Shares
                                  Authorized
                                  Unlimited First Preferred Shares, Class A Preferred Shares and Second Preferred Shares
                                  Unlimited Common Shares
                                  Issued and outstanding and fully paid




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                      2023                                                  2022
                                                                                                                                  Carrying                                             Carrying
                                                                                                          Number                   value                       Number                   value


PART B
                                  First Preferred Shares
                                    Series G, 5.20% Non-Cumulative                                         12,000,000 $                        300                  12,000,000 $                    300
                                    Series H, 4.85% Non-Cumulative                                         12,000,000                          300                  12,000,000                      300
                                    Series I, 4.50% Non-Cumulative                                         12,000,000                          300                  12,000,000                      300
                                    Series L, 5.65% Non-Cumulative                                          6,800,000                          170                   6,800,000                      170
                                    Series M, 5.80% Non-Cumulative                                          6,000,000                          150                   6,000,000                      150
                                    Series N, 1.749% Non-Cumulative Rate Reset                             10,000,000                          250                  10,000,000                      250
                                    Series P, 5.40% Non-Cumulative                                         10,000,000                          250                  10,000,000                      250
                                    Series Q, 5.15% Non-Cumulative                                          8,000,000                          200                   8,000,000                      200
                                    Series R, 4.80% Non-Cumulative                                          8,000,000                          200                   8,000,000                      200
                                    Series S, 5.25% Non-Cumulative                                          8,000,000                          200                   8,000,000                      200
                                    Series T, 5.15% Non-Cumulative                                          8,000,000                          200                   8,000,000                      200
                                    Series Y, 4.50% Non-Cumulative                                          8,000,000                          200                   8,000,000                      200
                                  Total                                                                   108,800,000 $                      2,720                 108,800,000 $                  2,720
                                  Common shares
                                    Balance, beginning of year                                            931,853,110 $                      5,791                 930,620,338 $                  5,748
                                          Issued in business acquisition                                    2,278,830                             89                        —                          —
                                          Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                            payment plans                                                   4,296,047                           158                  1,232,772                         43
                                          Shares purchased and cancelled under normal course
                                            issuer bid                                                      (6,000,000)                        (233)                        —                          —
                                          Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
                                            normal course issuer bid                                               —                           195                          —                        —
                                        Balance, end of year                                              932,427,987 $                      6,000                 931,853,110 $                  5,791

                                  The Series G, 5.20% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                                  together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                  The Series H, 4.85% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                                  together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.


                                  192     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                 80
                                          B  178                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


The Series I, 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share, together
with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
The Series L, 5.65% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share, together
with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
The Series M, 5.80% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
The Series N, Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares carry an annual fixed non-cumulative dividend rate of 1.749% up to but
excluding December 31, 2025 and are redeemable at the option of the Company on December 31, 2025 and on December 31 every five years
thereafter for $25.00 per share plus all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption. Subject to the Company's
right of redemption and certain other restrictions on conversion described in the Series N share conditions, each Series N share is convertible
into one Series O, Non-Cumulative Floating Rate First Preferred Share at the option of the holders on December 31, 2025 and on December 31
every five years thereafter.
The Series P, 5.40% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
The Series Q, 5.15% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
The Series R, 4.80% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
The Series S, 5.25% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share, together with all
declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
The Series T, 5.15% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share plus a premium if
redeemed prior to June 30, 2026, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
The Series Y, 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after December 31, 2026 for
$25.00 per share plus a premium if redeemed prior to December 31, 2030, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding
the date of redemption.




                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
(c)   Common Shares
Normal Course Issuer Bid

                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
The Company renewed its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) effective January 27, 2023 for one year to purchase and cancel up to 20,000,000 of its
common shares at market prices in order to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options granted under the Company's Stock Option Plan and for
other capital management purposes. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled
6,000,000 common shares under the current NCIB at a cost of $233 (nil for the year ended December 31, 2022, under the previous NCIB). The
Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average
carrying value was $195 and was recognized as a reduction to accumulated surplus for the year ended December 31, 2023 (nil for the year ended
December 31, 2022, under the previous NCIB).
On January 25, 2024, the Company announced a new NCIB commencing January 29, 2024 and terminating January 28, 2025 to purchase for
cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices.




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   193

                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            81
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  179
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  23. Earnings Per Common Share
                                  The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                                                                                                2023             2022 (Restated)
                                  Earnings
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred share dividends                                          $                  2,992 $              3,758
                                  Preferred share dividends                                                                                                             (130)                (130)
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                           $                  2,862 $              3,628
                                  Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                                                      (124)                  (32)
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                $                  2,738 $              3,596


                                  Number of common shares
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                   931,645,747          931,682,589
                                  Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                                                            1,889,104               598,494
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding - diluted basis                                                                   933,534,851          932,281,083


                                  Basic earnings per common share                                                                                   $                   2.94 $               3.86


                                  Diluted earnings per common share                                                                                 $                   2.93 $               3.86


                                  Basic earnings per common share from continuing operations                                                        $                   3.07 $               3.89


                                  Diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations                                                      $                   3.07 $               3.89




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Dividends per common share                                                                                        $                   2.08 $               1.96

                                  24. Capital Management
PART B
                                  (a) Policies and Objectives
                                  Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for the Company and
                                  ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders. For these purposes, the Board
                                  considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of subordinated liabilities in addition to the
                                  relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries operate.
                                  The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary objectives of
                                  the Company’s capital management strategy are:
                                  •     To maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum regulatory capital
                                        requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                  •     To maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                  •     To provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders' value in the context of the Company’s operational risks and strategic
                                        plans.
                                  The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability of falling
                                  below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by various credit rating agencies
                                  that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder
                                  and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of confidence.
                                  The Company has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is responsible
                                  for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan.
                                  The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved by the Company’s
                                  Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all material capital transactions undertaken by
                                  management.

                                  (b) Regulatory Capital
                                  In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance
                                  Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.


                                  194   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               82
                                        B  180                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined
by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of Available Capital, Surplus
Allowance and Eligible Deposits.
The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratio for Canada Life:

                                                                                                                                                                          2023
    Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                                            $             18,285
    Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                                           5,223
    Total Available Capital                                                                                                                                                 23,508
    Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                                                                    5,406
    Total Capital Resources                                                                                                                                   $             28,914
    Required Capital                                                                                                                                          $             22,525
                                                                       1
    Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)                                                                                                                           128 %

1
    Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

For entities based in Europe, the local solvency capital regime is the Solvency II basis. At December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, all
European regulated entities met the capital and solvency requirements as prescribed under Solvency II.
Empower is subject to the risk-based capital regulatory regime in the U.S. Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of the Company are
required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements in their respective jurisdictions. At December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022,
the Company maintained capital levels above the minimum local regulatory requirements in each of its foreign operations.

25. Share-Based Payments

(a) Stock Option Plan
The Company has a stock option plan (the Plan) pursuant to which options to subscribe for common shares of Lifeco may be granted to certain




                                                                                                                                                                                          GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
officers and employees of Lifeco and its affiliates. The Company’s Human Resources Committee (the Committee) administers the Plan and,
subject to the specific provisions of the Plan, fixes the terms and conditions upon which options are granted. The exercise price of each option
granted under the Plan is fixed by the Committee, but cannot under any circumstances be less than the weighted average trading price per

                                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B
Lifeco common share on the Toronto Stock Exchange for the five trading days preceding the date of the grant. Options granted prior to January
1, 2019 vest over a period of five years. Options granted on or after January 1, 2019 vest 50% three years after the grant date and 50% four years
after the grant date. Options have a maximum exercise period of ten years from the grant date. Termination of employment may, in certain
circumstances, result in forfeiture of the options, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. In 2023, the maximum number of Lifeco
common shares issuable under the Plan was 72,500,000.
During 2023, 2,957,200 common share options were granted (2,369,100 during 2022). The weighted average fair value of common share options
granted during 2023 was $4.41 per option ($3.57 in 2022). The fair value of each common share option was estimated using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions used for those options granted in 2023: dividend yield 5.65% (5.07% in
2022), expected volatility 18.98% (18.15% in 2022), risk-free interest rate 3.45% (1.60% in 2022), and expected life of eight years (eight in 2022).
The following summarizes the changes in options outstanding and the weighted average exercise price:

                                                                                                    2023                                                  2022
                                                                                                          Weighted average                                     Weighted average
                                                                                      Options              exercise price                  Options              exercise price
    Outstanding, beginning of year                                                          17,093,615 $                   33.82              16,123,727 $                       32.92
      Granted                                                                                2,957,200                     36.81               2,369,100                         38.68
      Exercised                                                                             (4,296,047)                    32.88               (1,232,772)                       31.24
      Forfeited/expired                                                                       (190,280)                    35.62                 (166,440)                       34.41
    Outstanding, end of year                                                                15,564,488 $                   34.63              17,093,615 $                       33.82
    Options exercisable at end of year                                                       7,267,288 $                   33.50               8,950,405 $                       33.73

The weighted average share price at the date of exercise of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $39.69 ($39.35 in 2022).
Compensation expense due to the Plan transactions accounted for as equity-settled share-based payments of $8 after-tax in 2023 ($6 after-tax in
2022) has been recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    195

                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              83
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  181
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The following summarizes information on the ranges of exercise prices including weighted average remaining contractual life at December 31,
                                  2023:

                                                                                      Outstanding                                                Exercisable
                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                        average              Weighted                                          Weighted
                                        Exercise price                                 remaining             average                                           average
                                           ranges                   Options          contractual life      exercise price             Options                exercise price             Expiry

                                  $30.28 - $38.71                         653,008                 0.65 $             33.48                   653,008 $                  33.48                    2024
                                  $34.68 - $36.87                         725,880                 1.20 $             35.71                   725,880 $                  35.71                    2025
                                  $30.28 - $36.87                       1,243,900                 2.17 $             34.56                1,243,900 $                   34.56                    2026
                                  $30.28 - $36.87                         948,100                 3.21 $             36.22                   948,100 $                  36.22                    2027
                                  $30.28 - $34.21                       1,386,050                 4.21 $             33.88                1,386,050 $                   33.88                    2028
                                  $30.28 - $32.50                       1,618,000                 5.17 $             30.35                1,618,000 $                   30.35                    2029
                                  $32.22 - $32.22                       1,513,650                 6.16 $             32.22                   692,350 $                  32.22                    2030
                                  $32.10 - $38.75                       2,306,100                 7.16 $             32.30                           — $                      —                  2031
                                  $31.59 - $38.71                       2,272,000                 8.16 $             38.68                           — $                      —                  2032
                                  $36.69 - $38.87                       2,897,800                 9.16 $             36.82                           — $                      —                  2033

                                  (b) Deferred Share Unit Plans
                                  To promote greater alignment of interests between the Directors and Lifeco's shareholders, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries have
                                  mandatory DSU Plans and/or voluntary DSU Plans (the “Mandatory DSU Plans” and the “Voluntary DSU Plans” respectively) in which the
                                  Directors of the Company participate. Under the Mandatory DSU Plans, each Director who is a resident of Canada or the United States must
                                  receive 50% of their annual Board retainer in the form of Deferred Share Units (DSUs). Under the Voluntary DSU Plans, each Director may elect
                                  to receive the balance of their annual Board retainer and Board Committee fees entirely in the form of DSUs, entirely in cash, or equally in cash
                                  and DSUs. In both cases, the number of DSUs granted is determined by dividing the amount of remuneration payable to the Director by the
                                  weighted average trading price per Lifeco common share on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) for the last five trading days of the preceding




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  fiscal quarter. Directors receive additional DSUs for dividends payable on the Company's common shares based on the value of a DSU at the
                                  dividend payment date. DSUs are redeemable when an individual ceases to be a Director, or as applicable, an officer or employee of the
                                  Company or any of its affiliates by a lump sum cash payment, based on the weighted average trading price per Lifeco common share on the TSX

PART B
                                  for the last five trading days preceding the date of redemption. In 2023, $7 in Directors' fees were used to acquire DSUs ($6 in 2022). At
                                  December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the DSU liability is $101 ($66 in 2022) recorded within other liabilities.
                                  Certain employees of the Company are entitled to receive DSUs. Under these DSU Plans, certain employees may elect to receive DSUs as
                                  settlement of their annual incentive plan or as settlement of PSUs issued under the Company’s PSU Plan. In both cases these employees are
                                  granted DSUs equivalent to the Company’s common shares. Employees receive additional DSUs in respect of dividends payable on the
                                  common shares based on the value of the DSUs at the time. DSUs are redeemable when an individual ceases to be an officer or employee of the
                                  Company or any of its affiliates, by a lump sum cash payment representing the value of the DSUs at that date. The Company uses the fair-value
                                  based method to account for the DSUs granted to employees under the plans. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized
                                  compensation expense of $24 ($2 in 2022) for the DSU Plans recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements
                                  of Earnings. At December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the DSU liability is $63 ($40 in 2022) recorded within other liabilities in the
                                  Consolidated Balance Sheets.

                                  (c)     Performance Share Unit Plan
                                  Certain employees of the Company are entitled to receive PSUs. Under the PSU Plan, these employees are granted PSUs equivalent to the
                                  Company’s common shares vesting over a three-year period. Employees receive additional PSUs in respect of dividends payable on the
                                  common shares based on the value of a PSU at that time. At the maturity date, employees receive cash representing the value of the PSU at this
                                  date. The Company uses the fair-value based method to account for the PSUs granted to employees under the plan. For the year ended
                                  December 31, 2023, the Company recognized compensation expense, excluding the impact of hedging, of $179 ($74 in 2022) for the PSU Plan
                                  recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. At December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the
                                  PSU liability is $157 ($131 in 2022) recorded within other liabilities.

                                  (d) Employee Share Ownership Plan
                                  The Company's Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) is a voluntary plan where eligible employees can contribute up to 5% of their previous
                                  year’s eligible earnings to purchase common shares of Lifeco. The Company matches 50% of the total employee contributions. The
                                  contributions from the Company vest immediately and are expensed. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized
                                  compensation expense of $13 ($13 in 2022) for the ESOP recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of
                                  Earnings.

                                  (e) Putnam Investments, LLC Equity Incentive Plan
                                  Putnam sponsors the Putnam Investments, LLC Equity Incentive Plan. Under the terms of the Equity Incentive Plan, Putnam is authorized to
                                  grant or sell Class B Shares of Putnam (the Putnam Class B Shares), subject to certain restrictions, and to grant options to purchase Putnam
                                  Class B Shares (collectively, the Awards) to certain senior management and key employees of Putnam at fair value at the time of the award. Fair

                                  196    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements          84
                                          B  182                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


value is determined under the valuation methodology outlined in the Equity Incentive Plan. Awards vest over a period of up to five years and
are specified in the individual's award letter. Holders of Putnam Class B Shares are not entitled to vote other than in respect of certain matters in
regards to the Equity Incentive Plan and have no rights to convert their shares into any other securities. The number of Putnam Class B Shares
that may be subject to Awards under the Equity Incentive Plan is limited to 16,764,705.
During 2023, Putnam granted 46,000 (3,519,634 in 2022) restricted Class B common shares to certain members of senior management and key
employees.
Compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to restricted Class B common shares and Class B stock options
earned was $50 ($49 in 2022) and is recorded in net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

(f)   PanAgora Management Equity Plan
Certain employees of PanAgora, a subsidiary of Putnam, are eligible to participate in the PanAgora Management Equity Plan under which Class
C Shares of PanAgora and options and stock appreciation rights on Class C Shares of PanAgora may be issued. Holders of PanAgora Class C
Shares are not entitled to vote and have no rights to convert their shares into any other securities. The number of PanAgora Class C Shares may
not exceed 20% of the equity of PanAgora on a fully exercised and converted basis.
Compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to restricted Class C Shares and stock appreciation rights was
$14 in 2023 ($13 in 2022) and is included as a component of operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

26. Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits
Characteristics, Funding and Risk
The Company’s subsidiaries maintain contributory and non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.
The Company’s subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.
The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average pay; however, these plans are closed to new
entrants. Many of the defined benefit pension plans also no longer provide future defined benefit accruals. The Company's defined benefit plan
exposure is expected to reduce in future years. Where defined benefit pension accruals continue, active plan participants share in the cost by
making contributions in respect of current service. Certain pension payments are indexed either on an ad hoc basis or a guaranteed basis. The
determination of the defined benefit obligation reflects pension benefits in accordance with the terms of the plans. Assets supporting the




                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
funded pension plans are held in separate trusteed pension funds. Obligations for the wholly unfunded plans are included in other liabilities
and are supported by general assets.


                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B
New hires and active plan participants in defined benefit plans closed to future defined benefit accruals are eligible for defined contribution
pension benefits. The defined contribution pension plans provide pension benefits based on accumulated employee and employer
contributions. Employer contributions to these plans are a set percentage of employees’ annual income and may be subject to certain vesting
requirements.
The Company’s subsidiaries also provide post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their
dependents. Retirees share in the cost of benefits through deductibles, co-insurance and caps on benefits. These plans are closed to new hires
and were previously amended to limit which employees could become eligible to receive benefits. The amount of some of the post-employment
benefits other than pensions depends on future cost escalation. These post-employment benefits are not pre-funded and the amount of the
obligation for these benefits is included in other liabilities and is supported by general assets.
The Company's subsidiaries have pension and benefit committees or a trusteed arrangement that provides oversight for the benefit plans. The
benefit plans are monitored on an ongoing basis to assess the benefit, funding and investment policies, financial status, and funding
requirements. Significant changes to a subsidiary company's benefit plans require approval from that company's Board of Directors.
The funding policies of the Company’s subsidiaries for the funded pension plans require annual contributions equal to or greater than those
required by the applicable regulations and plan provisions that govern the funding of the plans. Where funded plans have a net defined benefit
pension plan asset, the Company determines if an economic benefit exists in the form of potential reductions in future contributions by the
Company, from the payment of expenses from the plan and in the form of surplus refunds, where permitted by applicable regulation and plan
provisions.
By their design, the defined benefit plans expose the Company to the typical risks faced by defined benefit plans such as investment
performance, changes to the discount rates used to value the obligations, longevity of plan members, and future inflation. Pension and benefit
risk is managed by regular monitoring of the plans, applicable regulations and other factors that could impact the expenses and cash flows of
the Company.




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   197

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            85
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                B  183
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The following reflects the financial position of the contributory and non-contributory defined benefit plans of the Company’s subsidiaries:

                                  (a) Plan Assets, Benefit Obligation and Funded Status
                                                                                                          Defined benefit                                         Other post-
                                                                                                           pension plans                                      employment benefits
                                                                                                     2023                     2022                           2023                2022
                                  Change in fair value of plan assets
                                  Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year                $             6,291 $                   7,743 $                         — $                 —
                                  Interest income                                                            306                         193                          —                   —
                                  Actual return over (less than) interest income                             177                      (1,420)                         —                   —
                                  Employer contributions                                                       35                        109                         18                  18
                                  Employee contributions                                                       22                          21                         —                   —
                                  Benefits paid                                                              (295)                      (324)                        (18)                (18)
                                  Settlements                                                                 (27)                        (10)                        —                   —
                                  Administrative expenses                                                      (9)                         (8)                        —                   —
                                  Net transfer in                                                               1                          —                          —                   —
                                  Foreign exchange rate changes                                                16                         (13)                        —                   —
                                   Fair value of plan assets, end of year                     $             6,517 $                   6,291 $                         — $                 —
                                  Change in defined benefit obligation
                                  Defined benefit obligation, beginning of year               $             5,825 $                   7,961 $                       256 $               367
                                  Current service cost                                                         41                          72                          2                   3
                                  Interest cost                                                              282                         197                         13                  11
                                  Employee contributions                                                       22                          21                         —                   —
                                  Benefits paid                                                              (295)                      (324)                        (18)                (18)




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Plan amendments                                                              —                           —                          (7)                 —
                                  Curtailments and termination benefits                                        —                           (2)                        —                   —
                                  Settlements                                                                 (30)                        (10)                        —                   —

PART B
                                  Actuarial loss (gain) on financial assumption changes                      400                      (2,074)                        15                  (60)
                                  Actuarial loss (gain) on demographic assumption changes                     (15)                         (1)                        (2)                (33)
                                  Actuarial loss (gain) arising from member experience                         31                           8                         (2)                (16)
                                  Net transfer in                                                               1                          —                          —                   —
                                  Foreign exchange rate changes                                                13                         (23)                        (1)                  2
                                  Defined benefit obligation, end of year                     $             6,275 $                   5,825 $                       256 $               256
                                  Asset (liability) recognized on the Consolidated
                                    Balance Sheets
                                  Funded status of plans - surplus (deficit)                  $              242 $                       466 $                      (256) $             (256)
                                  Unrecognized amount due to asset ceiling                                   (202)                      (310)                         —                   —
                                  Asset (liability) recognized on the Consolidated
                                    Balance Sheets                                            $                40 $                      156 $                      (256) $             (256)
                                  Recorded in:
                                  Other assets (note 11)                                      $              365 $                       463 $                        — $                 —
                                  Other liabilities (note 20)                                                (325)                      (307)                       (256)               (256)
                                  Asset (liability) recognized on the Consolidated
                                    Balance Sheets                                            $                40 $                      156 $                      (256) $             (256)
                                  Analysis of defined benefit obligation
                                  Wholly or partly funded plans                               $             6,031 $                   5,586 $                         — $                 —
                                  Wholly unfunded plans                                       $              244 $                       239 $                      256 $               256




                                  198   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements          86
                                        B  184                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Under IFRIC 14, The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements and their Interaction, the Company must assess whether
each pension plan's asset has economic benefit to the Company through future contribution reductions, from the payment of expenses from the
plan, or surplus refunds; in the event the Company is not entitled to a benefit, a limit or ‘asset ceiling’ is required on the balance. The following
provides a breakdown of the changes in the asset ceiling:

                                                                                                                                    Defined benefit pension plans
                                                                                                                                       2023                       2022
Change in asset ceiling
Asset ceiling, beginning of year                                                                                             $                   310 $                        41
Interest on asset ceiling                                                                                                                          14                           1
Change in asset ceiling                                                                                                                          (123)                       251
Foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                                       1                         17
Asset ceiling, end of year                                                                                                   $                   202 $                       310

(b) Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefits Expense
The total pension and other post-employment benefit expense included in operating expenses and other comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                                                                                                             Other post-
                                                                                       All pension plans                                 employment benefits
                                                                                   2023                    2022                        2023                       2022
Defined benefit current service cost                                     $                  63 $                       93 $                         2 $                         3
Defined contribution current service cost                                                  248                       184                           —                           —
Employee contributions                                                                     (22)                       (21)                         —                           —
Employer current service cost                                                              289                       256                            2                           3
Administrative expense                                                                       9                          8                          —                           —
Plan amendments                                                                             —                          —                            (7)                        —




                                                                                                                                                                                     GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Curtailments                                                                                —                          (2)                         —                           —
Settlements                                                                                 (3)                        —                           —                           —


                                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B
Net interest cost                                                                          (10)                         5                          13                         11
Expense - profit or loss                                                                   285                       267                            8                         14


Actuarial (gain) loss recognized                                                           416                    (2,067)                          11                        (109)
Return on assets (greater) less than assumed                                              (177)                    1,420                           —                           —
Change in the asset ceiling                                                               (123)                      251                           —                           —
Re-measurements - other comprehensive (income) loss                                        116                      (396)                          11                        (109)
Total (income) expense including re-measurements                         $                 401 $                    (129) $                        19 $                       (95)

(c)     Asset Allocation by Major Category Weighted by Plan Assets
                                                                                                                                    Defined benefit pension plans
                                                                                                                                       2023                       2022
Equity securities                                                                                                                                35%                         36%
Debt securities                                                                                                                                  55%                         52%
Real estate                                                                                                                                       7%                          8%
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                         3%                          4%
Total                                                                                                                                          100%                      100%

No plan assets are directly invested in the Company’s or related parties’ securities. Plan assets include investments in segregated funds and
other funds managed by subsidiaries of the Company of $5,841 at December 31, 2023 and $5,614 at December 31, 2022, of which $5,827 ($5,520
at December 31, 2022) are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Plan assets do not include any property occupied or other assets used
by the Company.




                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    199

                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                 87
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B  185
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (d) Details of Defined Benefit Obligation
                                  (i)     Portion of Defined Benefit Obligation Subject to Future Salary Increases
                                                                                                          Defined benefit                                         Other post-
                                                                                                           pension plans                                      employment benefits
                                                                                                     2023                      2022                          2023                    2022
                                  Benefit obligation without future salary increases          $             5,815 $                     5,393 $                      256 $                   256
                                  Effect of assumed future salary increases                                   460                         432                         —                       —
                                  Defined benefit obligation                                  $             6,275 $                     5,825 $                      256 $                   256

                                  The other post-employment benefits are not subject to future salary increases.

                                  (ii) Portion of Defined Benefit Obligation Without Future Pension Increases
                                                                                                          Defined benefit                                         Other post-
                                                                                                           pension plans                                      employment benefits
                                                                                                     2023                      2022                          2023                    2022
                                  Benefit obligation without future pension increases         $             5,546 $                     5,151 $                      256 $                   256
                                  Effect of assumed future pension increases                                  729                         674                         —                       —
                                  Defined benefit obligation                                  $             6,275 $                     5,825 $                      256 $                   256

                                  The other post-employment benefits are not subject to future pension increases.

                                  (iii) Maturity Profile of Plan Membership
                                                                                                          Defined benefit                                         Other post-
                                                                                                           pension plans                                      employment benefits
                                                                                                     2023                      2022                          2023                    2022




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Actives                                                                    36 %                        37 %                       13 %                    14 %
                                  Deferred vesteds                                                           16 %                        16 %                         n/a                     n/a
                                  Retirees                                                                   48 %                        47 %                       87 %                    86 %

PART B
                                  Total                                                                     100 %                      100 %                        100 %                   100 %
                                  Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation               14.4 years                14.5 years                   9.6 years               9.9 years

                                  (e) Cash Flow Information
                                                                                                                                                      Other post-
                                                                                                                            Pension                  employment
                                                                                                                             plans                     benefits                  Total
                                  Expected employer contributions for 2024:
                                  Funded (wholly or partly) defined benefit plans                                    $                     (21) $                     — $                     (21)
                                  Unfunded plans                                                                                            20                        19                      39
                                  Defined contribution plans                                                                              207                         —                      207
                                  Total                                                                              $                    206 $                       19 $                   225




                                  200   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              88
                                        B  186                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(f)        Actuarial Assumptions and Sensitivities
(i)        Actuarial Assumptions
                                                                                            Defined benefit                                     Other post-
                                                                                             pension plans                                  employment benefits
                                                                                        2023                    2022                      2023                         2022
    To determine benefit cost:
    Discount rate - past service liabilities                                                   5.0 %                    2.6 %                     5.3 %                       3.1 %
    Discount rate - future service liabilities                                                 5.3 %                    3.3 %                     5.4 %                       3.0 %
    Rate of compensation increase                                                              3.8 %                    3.1 %                      —                           —
    Future pension increases 1                                                                 2.3 %                    1.7 %                      —                           —


    To determine defined benefit obligation:
    Discount rate - past service liabilities                                                   4.4 %                    5.0 %                     4.7 %                       5.3 %
    Rate of compensation increase                                                              3.4 %                    3.8 %                      —                           —
    Future pension increases 1                                                                 2.1 %                    2.3 %                      —                           —


    Medical cost trend rates:
    Initial medical cost trend rate                                                                                                               4.7 %                       4.8 %
    Ultimate medical cost trend rate                                                                                                              4.1 %                       4.1 %
    Year ultimate trend rate is reached                                                                                                            2039                        2039

1
      Represents the weighted average of plans subject to future pension increases.

(ii) Sample Life Expectancies Based on Mortality Assumptions




                                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                            Defined benefit                                     Other post-
                                                                                             pension plans                                  employment benefits
                                                                                        2023                    2022                      2023                         2022


                                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
    Sample life expectancies based on mortality
      assumption:
    Male
      Age 65 in fiscal year                                                                    22.8                      22.8                      22.7                        22.8
      Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                                               24.7                      24.6                      24.2                        24.2
    Female
      Age 65 in fiscal year                                                                    25.0                      24.8                      25.1                        25.1
      Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                                               26.8                      26.7                      26.4                        26.5

The period of time over which benefits are assumed to be paid is based on best estimates of future mortality, including allowances for mortality
improvements. This estimate is subject to considerable uncertainty, and judgment is required in establishing this assumption. As mortality
assumptions are significant in measuring the defined benefit obligation, the mortality assumptions applied by the Company take into
consideration such factors as age, gender and geographic location, in addition to an estimation of future improvements in longevity.
The mortality tables are reviewed at least annually, and assumptions are in accordance with accepted actuarial practice. Emerging plan
experience is reviewed and considered in establishing the best estimate for future mortality.
The calculation of the defined benefit obligation is sensitive to the mortality assumptions. The effect of a one-year increase in life expectancy
would be an increase in the defined benefit obligation of $174 for the defined benefit pension plans and $6 for other post-employment benefits.




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    201

                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               89
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          B  187
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (iii) Impact of Changes to Assumptions on Defined Benefit Obligation
                                                                                                                 1% increase                                              1% decrease
                                                                                                        2023                        2022                          2023                     2022
                                  Defined benefit pension plans:
                                  Impact of a change to the discount rate                         $               (771) $                     (733) $                      972 $                  926
                                  Impact of a change to the rate of compensation increase                          173                         173                         (157)                  (156)
                                  Impact of a change to the rate of inflation                                      346                         340                         (313)                  (299)


                                  Other post-employment benefits:
                                  Impact of a change to assumed medical cost trend rates                            14                           14                         (12)                   (12)
                                  Impact of a change to the discount rate                                          (22)                         (22)                        26                     25

                                  To measure the impact of a change in an assumption, all other assumptions were held constant. It is expected that there would be interaction
                                  between at least some of the assumptions.

                                  27. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                                                      2023
                                                         Unrealized       Unrealized                                   Re-
                                                           foreign            gains                              measurements
                                                          exchange         (losses) on                             on defined
                                                            gains          hedges of    Unrealized    Unrealized     benefit   Revaluation
                                                         (losses) on         the net   gains (losses)   gains     pension and   surplus on
                                                         translation      investment on bonds and (losses) on      other post- transfer to                                   Non-
                                                          of foreign       in foreign mortgages at cash flow      employment investment                                   controlling
                                                         operations       operations      FVOCI        hedges    benefit plans properties                     Total        interest Shareholders

                                  Balance,




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    beginning of
                                    year
                                    (restated)           $      1,362 $             86 $      (799) $       — $                    (88) $              10 $       571 $            142 $          713
                                  Impact of initial

PART B
                                    application of
                                    IFRS 9                          —               —            3          —                       —                  —            3                —               3
                                  Revised balance,
                                    beginning of
                                    year                        1,362               86        (796)         —                      (88)                10         574              142            716
                                  Other
                                    comprehensive
                                    income (loss)                  (19)             (64)       529          39                   (127)                 —          358              (124)          234
                                  Income tax                        —                (6)      (116)        (11)                    36                  —           (97)             37             (60)
                                                                   (19)             (70)       413          28                     (91)                —          261               (87)          174
                                  Balance, end of
                                    year                 $      1,343 $             16 $      (383) $       28 $                 (179) $               10 $       835 $             55 $          890




                                  202   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              90
                                        B  188                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                2022 (Restated)
                          Unrealized       Unrealized
                            foreign             gains                                                    Re-
                           exchange         (losses) on                                            measurements
                             gains          hedges of        Unrealized           Unrealized         on defined       Revaluation
                          (losses) on          the net      gains (losses)           gains         benefit pension     surplus on
                          translation      investment       on bonds and          (losses) on      and other post-     transfer to                     Non-
                          of foreign         in foreign     mortgages at           cash flow        employment        investment                    controlling
                          operations       operations          FVOCI                hedges          benefit plans      properties        Total       interest       Shareholders

    Balance,
      beginning of
      year               $         948 $             (30) $               145 $             33 $              (463) $             10 $      643 $            (11) $             632
    Impact of initial
      application of
      IFRS 9 overlay
      (note 3)                       (8)              —                    (37)             —                     —               —          (45)             —                 (45)
    Revised balance,
      beginning of
      year                         940               (30)                 108               33                (463)               10        598              (11)               587

    Other
       comprehensive
       income (loss)               422                88              (1,122)               (45)               505                —        (152)            216                  64
    Income tax                      —                 28                 215                 12               (130)               —         125             (63)                 62
                                   422              116                  (907)              (33)               375                —          (27)           153                 126
    Balance, end of
      year               $      1,362 $               86 $               (799) $            — $                 (88) $            10 $      571 $           142 $               713

28. Related Party Transactions
Power Corporation, which is incorporated and domiciled in Canada, is the Company's parent and has voting control of the Company. The




                                                                                                                                                                                       GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Company is related to other members of the Power Corporation group of companies including IGM, a company in the financial services sector
along with its subsidiaries IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Financial; and Groupe Bruxelles Lambert, a holding company based in
Europe with substantial holdings in global industrial and services companies.


                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B
(a) Principal Subsidiaries
The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the operations of the following subsidiaries and their subsidiaries:

    Company                                                                       Incorporated in            Primary business operation                           % Held
    The Canada Life Assurance Company                                             Canada                     Insurance and wealth management                          100.00%
    Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America                                  United States              Financial services                                       100.00%
    Putnam Investments, LLC                                                       United States              Asset management                                         100.00% 1, 2

1
     Subsequent to December 31, 2023, on January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the sale of Putnam US Holdings I, LLC (excluding PanAgora Holdings Inc. and its subsidiary
     PanAgora Asset Management Inc.) to Franklin Resources Inc. (note 4). Putnam US Holdings I, LLC was a subsidiary of Putnam Investments, LLC.
2
     Lifeco holds 100% of the voting shares and 95.63% of the total outstanding shares.

(b) Transactions With Related Parties Included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
In the normal course of business, subsidiaries of Lifeco enter into various transactions with related companies which include providing
insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power Corporation group of companies. In all cases, transactions
were at market terms and conditions.
During the year, Canada Life provided to and received from IGM and its subsidiaries, a member of the Power Corporation group of companies,
certain administrative services. Canada Life also provided life insurance, annuity and disability insurance products under a distribution
agreement with IGM. All transactions were provided at market terms and conditions.
The Company owns 9,200,448 shares, held through Canada Life, representing a 3.86% ownership interest in IGM. The Company uses the equity
method to account for its investment in IGM as it exercises significant influence. In 2023, the Company recognized $33 for the equity method
share of IGM net earnings and received dividends of $21 from its investment in IGM (note 6).
Segregated funds of the Company were invested in funds managed by IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. Mackenzie
Investments also manages certain of the Company's portfolio investments. The Company also has interests in mutual funds, open-ended
investment companies and unit trusts. Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of the Company, who are paid sub-advisory fees
related to these services. During 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries made additional investments in funds managed by related parties. All
transactions were provided at market terms and conditions (note 17).
On November 30, 2023, Canada Life acquired IPC from IGM for purchase consideration of $585. The transaction was reviewed and approved by
the Conduct Review Committee of each of the Company and Canada Life (note 4).

                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    203

                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             91
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           B  189
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Company held debentures issued by IGM; the interest rates and maturity dates are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                    2023                   2022
                                  3.44%, matures January 26, 2027                                                                                       $                   19 $                   19
                                  6.65%, matures December 13, 2027                                                                                                          14                     14
                                  7.45%, matures May 9, 2031                                                                                                                11                     11
                                  7.00%, matures December 31, 2032                                                                                                          11                     11
                                  4.56%, matures January 25, 2047                                                                                                           19                     18
                                  4.115%, matures December 9, 2047                                                                                                            9                      8
                                  4.174%, matures July 13, 2048                                                                                                               5                      4
                                  Total                                                                                                                 $                   88 $                   85

                                  Power Corporation also controls Sagard, a multi-strategy alternative asset manager, Power Sustainable, a global multi-platform alternative asset
                                  manager, and Portage Ventures (Portage), a global fintech venture capital investment strategy. Lifeco has a minority investment in Sagard.
                                  Lifeco and Mackenzie Financial Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGM, are investors in Northleaf Capital Partners Ltd. (Northleaf), a
                                  global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager. The Company and its subsidiaries invest in funds managed by Sagard,
                                  Power Sustainable, Portage and Northleaf.
                                  The Company provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to pension and
                                  other post-employment benefits for employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. These transactions were provided at market terms and
                                  conditions.
                                  There were no material loans or guarantees issued to or from related parties during 2023 or 2022. There were no significant outstanding loans or
                                  guarantees with related parties at December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. There were no provisions for uncollectible amounts with related
                                  parties at December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022.

                                  (c)      Key Management Compensation
                                  Key management personnel constitute those individuals that have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  activities of Lifeco, directly or indirectly, including any Director. The individuals that comprise the key management personnel are the Board of
                                  Directors as well as certain key management and officers.
                                  The following describes all compensation paid to, awarded to, or earned by each of the key management personnel for services rendered in all

PART B
                                  capacities to the Company and its subsidiaries:

                                                                                                                                                                    2023                   2022
                                  Salary                                                                                                                $                   21 $                   20
                                  Share-based awards                                                                                                                        21                     19
                                  Option-based awards                                                                                                                         8                      7
                                  Annual non-equity incentive plan compensation                                                                                             29                     29
                                  Other                                                                                                                                      2                     —
                                  Total                                                                                                                 $                   81 $                   75

                                  29. Income Taxes

                                  (a) Components of the Income Tax Expense
                                  (i)      Income Tax Recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                    2023                   2022
                                  Current income tax
                                  Total current income tax                                                                                              $                  467 $                  494


                                  Deferred income tax
                                        Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                               $                  (422) $                (115)
                                        Effect of changes in tax rates or imposition of new taxes                                                                            —                      (6)
                                        Tax expense (recovery) arising from unrecognized tax losses, tax credits or temporary differences                                    8                     21
                                  Total deferred income tax                                                                                             $                  (414) $                (100)
                                  Total income tax expense                                                                                              $                   53 $                  394




                                  204     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             92
                                          B  190                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(ii) Income Tax Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (note 27)
                                                                                                                                    2023                        2022
Current income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                     $                     43 $                      (157)
Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                                          54                         32
Total                                                                                                                     $                     97 $                      (125)

(iii) Income Tax Recognized in Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                    2023                        2022
Current income tax (recovery)                                                                                             $                     — $                         (1)
Deferred income tax (recovery)                                                                                                                   1                           7
Total                                                                                                                     $                      1 $                         6

(b) The Effective Income Tax Rate Reported in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings Varies From
    the Combined Canadian Federal and Provincial Income Tax Rate of 28.00% for the Following Items:
                                                                                           2023                                                 2022
Earnings before income taxes                                           $               3,068                              $                 4,064
Combined basic Canadian federal and provincial tax rate                                  859                  28.00 %                       1,118                 27.50 %
Increase (decrease) in the income tax rate resulting from:
   Non-taxable investment income                                                        (234)                  (7.63)                        (228)                 (5.61)
  Operations outside of Canada subject to a lower average
    foreign tax rate                                                                    (532)                (17.34)                         (334)                 (8.22)
  Impact of rate changes on deferred income taxes                                         —                       —                             (6)                (0.15)
  Other                                                                                  (40)                  (1.30)                        (156)                 (3.84)




                                                                                                                                                                                  GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total income tax expense and effective income tax rate $                                  53                   1.73 % $                       394                   9.68 %
Total income tax expense and effective income tax rate
  - common shareholders                                $                                 128                   4.12 % $                       487                 11.47 %

(c)     Composition and Changes in Net Deferred Income Tax Assets are as Follows:                                                                                                                          PART B


                                                                                                       2023
                                         Insurance
                                            and
                                        investment                                   Losses
                                          contract            Portfolio              carried        Intangible
                                         liabilities        investments             forward           assets            Tax credits           Other               Total
Balance, beginning of year             $         (3,064) $             2,249 $           1,619 $              (786) $              290 $              389 $               697
Recognized in Consolidated
  Statements of Earnings                          1,098                 (712)              (58)                (33)                (53)               172                 414
Recognized in Consolidated
  Statements of Comprehensive
  Income                                              —                    (71)                —                —                   —                  17                  (54)
Recognized in Consolidated
  Statements of Changes in Equity                     —                    —                   —                —                   —                   (1)                 (1)
Acquired in business combinations                     —                    —                   4               (12)                   1                 (3)                (10)
Other and foreign exchange rate
  changes                                          (761)                 971               (20)                 48                  (1)               (222)               15
Balance, end of year                   $         (2,727) $             2,437 $           1,545 $              (783) $              237 $               352 $           1,061




                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report    205

                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                93
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  191
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                            2022
                                                                                     Insurance
                                                                                         and
                                                                                    investment                           Losses
                                                                                      contract          Portfolio        carried         Intangible
                                                                                      liabilities     investments       forward            assets            Tax credits            Other             Total
                                  Balance, beginning of year                   $              752 $         (1,289) $        1,388 $               (807) $              324 $               282 $             650
                                  Recognized in Consolidated
                                    Statements of Earnings                                 (3,658)          3,469              144                  (58)                    (46)            170                21
                                  Recognized in Consolidated
                                    Statements of Comprehensive
                                    Income                                                      —              87                  —                  —                     —               (119)              (32)
                                  Recognized in Consolidated
                                    Statements of Changes in Equity                             —              —                   (5)                —                     —                 (2)               (7)
                                  Acquired in business combinations                            (90)             (4)                —                139                     —                34                79
                                  Other and foreign exchange rate
                                    changes                                                   (68)            (14)              92                  (60)                    12               24               (14)
                                  Balance, end of year                         $           (3,064) $        2,249 $          1,619 $               (786) $              290 $               389 $             697

                                  Recorded on Consolidated Balance Sheets:                                                                                                  2023                    2022
                                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                                           $                  1,848 $                 1,470
                                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                          (787)                     (773)
                                  Total                                                                                                                         $                  1,061 $                    697

                                  A deferred income tax asset is recognized for deductible temporary differences and unused losses and carryforwards only to the extent that
                                  realization of the related income tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable.
                                  Recognition is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax planning opportunities available to allow




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods may adversely impact the assessment of the
                                  recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in establishing the deferred income tax assets. The Company's annual
                                  financial planning process provides a significant basis for the measurement of deferred income tax assets.


PART B
                                  Management assesses the recoverability of the deferred income tax assets carrying values based on future years’ taxable income projections and
                                  believes the carrying values of the deferred income tax assets as of December 31, 2023 are recoverable.
                                  At December 31, 2023, the Company has recognized a deferred tax asset of $1,545 ($1,619 at December 31, 2022) on tax loss carryforwards
                                  totaling $7,021, of which $4,522 expire between 2026 and 2043 while $2,499 have no expiry date. The Company will realize this benefit in future
                                  years through a reduction in current income taxes payable.
                                  One U.S. subsidiary has had a history of losses. The subsidiary has a net deferred income tax asset balance of $499 (U.S. $376) as at December
                                  31, 2023, comprised principally of net operating losses. Management has concluded that it is probable that the subsidiary and other historically
                                  profitable subsidiaries with which it files or intends to file a consolidated U.S. income tax return will generate sufficient taxable income to utilize
                                  the unused U.S. losses and deductions.
                                  The Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset of $154 ($109 in 2022) on tax loss carryforwards totaling $592 ($550 in 2022). Of this
                                  amount, $192 expire between 2024 and 2043 while $400 have no expiry date. In addition, the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset of
                                  $11 ($11 in 2022) on other temporary differences of $54 ($55 in 2022) associated with investments in subsidiaries, branches, and associates.
                                  A deferred income tax liability has not been recognized in respect of the temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                                  branches and associates as the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences, and it is probable that the
                                  temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                                  In December 2021, the OECD published the Pillar Two model rules outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax regime. A number
                                  of countries where the Company operates, including Ireland, Germany and the U.K., have enacted legislation, and will be effective for the
                                  Company's financial year beginning January 1, 2024. Pillar Two draft legislation in Canada and Barbados has not been substantively enacted but
                                  when enacted, is expected to be effective for the Company as of January 1, 2024.
                                  The global minimum tax is very complex in nature and will apply to Lifeco as part of a larger related group of companies. The determination of
                                  the minimum tax impact will require significant interpretation of each country's new legislation to determine the ultimate tax liability for the
                                  group of companies as a whole, which will then be allocated to individual companies within the group, such as Lifeco. The Company has
                                  performed a preliminary assessment of the Company’s potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes for the year ending on December 31, 2024
                                  and has identified potential exposure in Barbados, Ireland and Isle of Man, jurisdictions where the statutory tax rate is below 15%. Based on this
                                  preliminary assessment, the Company expects an increase in the effective income tax rate, however, it is not expected to have a material impact
                                  on the Company’s financial statements.




                                  206   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                94
                                        B  192                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


30. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging
In the normal course of managing exposure to fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates, and to market risks, the Company is an end-
user of various derivative financial instruments. It is the Company's policy to transact in derivatives only with the most creditworthy financial
intermediaries. Note 7 discloses the credit quality of the Company's exposure to counterparties. Credit risk equivalent amounts are presented
net of eligible collateral received of $842 as at December 31, 2023 ($378 at December 31, 2022).

(a) The Following Summarizes the Company's Derivative Portfolio and Related Credit Exposure Using
    the Following Definitions of Risk as Prescribed by OSFI:
Maximum credit risk                          The total replacement cost of all derivative contracts with positive values.
Future credit exposure                       The potential future credit exposure is calculated based on a formula prescribed by OSFI. The factors
                                             prescribed by OSFI for this calculation are based on derivative type and duration.
Credit risk equivalent                       The sum of maximum credit risk and the potential future credit exposure less any eligible collateral held.
Risk weighted equivalent                     Represents the credit risk equivalent, weighted according to the creditworthiness of the counterparty, as
                                             prescribed by OSFI.

                                                     2023                                                                    2022
                                  Maximum         Future           Credit      Risk                       Maximum          Future          Credit            Risk
                     Notional      credit         credit            risk    weighted        Notional       credit           credit          risk          weighted
                     amount         risk         exposure        equivalent equivalent      amount          risk          exposure       equivalent       equivalent
Interest rate
   contracts
   Swaps             $    6,732 $        153 $              73 $           156 $      3 $       6,267 $            99 $            72 $          130 $             2
   Futures - long            —             —                —                —       —               6              —              —               —              —
   Futures - short         153             —                —                —       —            169               —              —               —              —
   Options
     purchased            1,995            15               19               26      —               1              —              —               —              —




                                                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                          8,880          168                92             182        3         6,443              99              72            130               2
Foreign
  exchange


                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
  contracts
   Cross-currency
     swaps               33,150        1,771            2,080            3,213      56        30,522            2,108          1,890           3,687              63
   Forward
     contracts            6,484            73               82             126        1         5,828              35              77              97              1
                         39,634        1,844            2,162            3,339      57        36,350            2,143          1,967           3,784              64
Other
  derivative
  contracts
   Equity
     contracts            2,089          206              155              294        1         1,750              55            109             164               1
   Futures - long           14             —                —                —       —              12              —              —               —              —
   Futures - short         627              1               —                —       —          1,134              13              —               —              —
   Other forward
     contracts               —             —                —                —       —            271                4             —               —              —
   Equity options-
     purchased               —             —                —                —       —               1              —              —               —              —
   Equity options-
     written                 —             —                —                —       —               3              —              —               —              —
   Credit default
     swaps                 665             —                —                —       —            675               —              —               —              —
                          3,395          207              155              294        1         3,846              72            109             164               1
Total                $   51,909 $      2,219 $          2,409 $          3,815 $    61 $ 46,639 $               2,314 $        2,148 $         4,078 $            67




                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   207

                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            95
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       B  193
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (b) The Following Provides the Notional Amount, Term to Maturity and Carrying Value of the
                                      Company’s Derivative Portfolio by Category:
                                                                                                                                       2023
                                                                                                             Notional amount                                                Carrying value
                                                                                      1 year                              Over
                                                                                      or less           1-5 years        5 years                   Total                Assets            Liabilities
                                  Derivatives not designated as
                                    accounting hedges
                                        Interest rate contracts
                                          Swaps                               $                 597 $         1,869 $            4,248 $                   6,714 $               152 $             (338)
                                          Futures - long                                         —               —                    —                       —                   —                     —
                                          Futures - short                                       153              —                    —                     153                   —                     —
                                          Options purchased                                     200             798                 997                    1,995                  15                    —
                                                                                                950           2,667              5,245                     8,862                 167               (338)
                                        Foreign exchange
                                          contracts
                                          Cross-currency swaps                              2,531             9,552            18,704                   30,787               1,651                 (856)
                                          Forward contracts                                 3,930                —                    —                    3,930                  45                    (14)
                                                                                            6,461             9,552            18,704                   34,717               1,696                 (870)
                                        Other derivative contracts
                                          Equity contracts                                      504           1,256                   —                    1,760                 100                     (1)
                                          Futures - long                                         14              —                    —                       14                  —                     —
                                          Futures - short                                       627              —                    —                     627                    1                     (4)
                                          Other forward contracts                                —               —                    —                       —                   —                     —
                                          Equity options - purchased                             —               —                    —                       —                   —                     —




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                          Equity options - written                               —               —                    —                       —                   —                     —
                                          Credit default swaps                                  326             166                 173                     665                   —                     —


PART B
                                                                                            1,471             1,422                 173                   3,066                  101                     (5)
                                  Derivatives designated as
                                    accounting hedges
                                        Fair value hedges
                                          Foreign currency risk
                                            Foreign exchange
                                               contracts
                                                Forward contracts                                80              —                    —                       80                   1                    —
                                                                                                 80              —                    —                       80                   1                    —
                                        Cash flow hedges
                                          Interest rate risk
                                             Interest rate contracts
                                                Swaps                                            —               18                   —                       18                   1                    —
                                          Foreign currency risk
                                            Foreign exchange
                                               contracts
                                                Cross-currency swaps                             18              75                   —                       93                   2                    —
                                          Equity risk
                                            Other derivative
                                               contracts
                                                Equity contracts                                 93             236                   —                     329                  106                    —
                                                                                                111             329                   —                     440                  109                    —
                                        Net investment hedges
                                          Foreign currency risk
                                            Foreign exchange
                                               contracts
                                                Cross-currency swaps                             —               —               2,270                    2,270                  118                    (61)
                                                Forward contracts                           1,967               507                   —                   2,474                   27                    (14)
                                                                                            1,967               507              2,270                    4,744                  145                    (75)
                                  Total                                       $           11,040 $           14,477 $          26,392 $                 51,909 $             2,219 $             (1,288)

                                  208     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              96
                                          B  194                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                2022
                                                                        Notional amount                                                 Carrying value
                                            1 year                                    Over
                                            or less                1-5 years         5 years               Total                 Assets               Liabilities
Derivatives not designated as
  accounting hedges
   Interest rate contracts
        Swaps                        $                581 $                 1,341 $        4,320 $                 6,242 $                  97 $                  (455)
        Futures - long                                    6                      —              —                      6                    —                       —
        Futures - short                               169                        —              —                   169                     —                       —
        Options purchased                                 1                      —              —                      1                    —                       —
                                                      757                   1,341          4,320                   6,418                    97                    (455)
   Foreign exchange contracts
        Cross-currency swaps                        3,215                   7,521         17,416                28,152                  1,922                     (979)
        Forward contracts                           3,262                        —              —                  3,262                    14                      (80)
                                                    6,477                   7,521         17,416                31,414                  1,936                 (1,059)
   Other derivative contracts
        Equity contracts                            1,482                        —              —                  1,482                    20                      (14)
        Futures - long                                  12                       —              —                    12                     —                       —
        Futures - short                             1,134                        —              —                  1,134                    13                      —
        Other forward contracts                       271                        —              —                   271                      3                      —
        Equity options - purchased                        1                      —              —                      1                    —                       —
        Equity options - written                          3                      —              —                      3                    —                       —
        Credit default swaps                            —                      500             175                  675                     —                       —
                                                    2,903                      500             175                 3,578                    36                      (14)




                                                                                                                                                                           GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Derivatives designated as
  accounting hedges
   Fair value hedges

                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B
        Foreign currency risk
          Foreign exchange
             contracts
             Forward contracts                          83                       —              —                    83                     —                        (3)
                                                        83                       —              —                    83                     —                        (3)
   Cash flow hedges
        Interest rate risk
          Interest rate contracts
             Swaps                                      —                        —             25                    25                      3                      —
        Foreign currency risk
          Foreign exchange
             contracts
             Cross-currency swaps                       —                      100              —                   100                      6                      —
        Equity risk
          Other derivative
             contracts
             Equity contracts                           58                     210              —                   268                     35                      (13)
                                                        58                     310             25                   393                     44                      (13)
   Net investment hedges
        Foreign currency risk
          Foreign exchange
             contracts
             Cross-currency swaps                       —                        —         2,270                   2,270                  179                       (45)
             Forward contracts                      2,027                      456              —                  2,483                    22                      (50)
                                                    2,027                      456         2,270                   4,753                  201                       (95)
Total                                $            12,305 $                 10,128 $       24,206 $              46,639 $                2,314 $               (1,639)

Futures contracts included in the above are exchange traded contracts; all other contracts are over-the-counter.



                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     209

                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               97
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    B  195
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (c)      The Following Provides Further Details on the Derivatives Designated as Accounting Hedges:
                                  Exchange rates and share prices expressed in dollar terms                                               2023
                                                                                                                                Notional amount
                                                                                                  1 year                                              Over
                                                                                                  or less                1-5 years                   5 years                 Total
                                  Fair value hedges
                                        Foreign currency risk
                                          Foreign exchange contracts
                                             Forward contracts                                $             80     $                 —       $                 —    $                80
                                             Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                     1.34                         —                         —                 1.34
                                  Cash flow hedges
                                        Interest rate risk
                                          Interest rate contracts
                                             Swaps                                            $             —      $                 18      $                 —    $                18
                                             Weighted average fixed interest rate                           —%                    5.23 %                       —%                5.23 %
                                        Foreign currency risk
                                          Foreign exchange contracts
                                             Cross-currency swaps                             $             18     $                 75      $                 —    $                93
                                             Weighted average USD-AUD exchange rate                         —                     1.33                         —                 1.33
                                             Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                         —                     1.26                         —                 1.26
                                             Weighted average USD-EUR exchange rate                     0.92                      0.91                         —                 0.91
                                             Weighted average USD-GBP exchange rate                     0.76                      0.76                         —                 0.76
                                        Equity risk




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                          Other derivative contracts
                                             Equity contracts                                 $             93     $               236       $                 —    $                329
                                             Weighted average share price                             32.10                     37.69                          —                35.82


PART B
                                  Net investment hedges
                                        Foreign currency risk
                                          Foreign exchange contracts
                                             Cross-currency swaps                             $             —      $                 —       $           2,270      $           2,270
                                             Weighted average EUR-CAD exchange rate                         —                        —                    1.41                   1.41
                                             Weighted average GBP-CAD exchange rate                         —                        —                    1.73                   1.73


                                             Forward contracts                                $       1,967        $               507       $                 —    $           2,474
                                             Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                     1.34                         —                         —                 1.34
                                             Weighted average EUR-GBP exchange rate                     0.86                      0.86                         —                 0.86




                                  210     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                 98
                                          B  196                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Exchange rates and share prices expressed in dollar terms                                                               2022
                                                                                                               Notional amount
                                                                                   1 year                                          Over
                                                                                   or less               1-5 years                5 years                     Total
Fair value hedges
   Foreign currency risk
     Foreign exchange contracts
        Foreign exchange forward contracts                                   $               83    $                —      $                —      $                  83
        Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                          1.31                        —                       —                     1.31
Cash flow hedges
   Interest rate risk
     Interest rate contracts
        Swaps                                                                $               —     $                —      $                25     $                  25
        Weighted average fixed interest rate                                                 —%                     —%                   5.17 %                   5.17 %
   Foreign currency risk
     Foreign exchange contracts
        Cross-currency swaps                                                 $               —     $              100      $                —      $                  100
        Weighted average USD-AUD exchange rate                                               —                   1.33                       —                     1.33
        Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                               —                   1.25                       —                     1.25
        Weighted average USD-EUR exchange rate                                               —                   0.91                       —                     0.91
        Weighted average USD-GBP exchange rate                                               —                   0.76                       —                     0.76
   Equity risk
      Other derivative contracts
        Equity contracts                                                     $               58    $              210      $                —      $                  268




                                                                                                                                                                                 GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        Weighted average share price                                                   25.04                    35.38                       —                    32.38
Net investment hedges


                                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B
   Foreign currency risk
      Foreign exchange contracts
        Cross-currency swaps                                                 $               —     $                —      $            2,270      $             2,270
        Weighted average EUR-CAD exchange rate                                               —                      —                    1.41                     1.41
        Weighted average GBP-CAD exchange rate                                               —                      —                    1.73                     1.73


        Forward contracts                                                    $         2,027       $              456      $                —      $             2,483
        Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                          1.33                       —                        —                     1.33
        Weighted average EUR-GBP exchange rate                                          0.88                     0.88                       —                     0.88

(d) The Following Provides Details of the Company's Derivative Portfolio by Type of Instrument:
Interest Rate Contracts
Interest rate swaps, futures and options are used as part of a portfolio of assets to manage interest rate risk associated with investment activities
and insurance and investment contract liabilities. Interest-rate swap agreements require the periodic exchange of payments without the
exchange of the notional principal amount on which payments are based. Call options grant the Company the right to enter into a swap with
predetermined fixed-rate payments over a predetermined time period on the exercise date. Call options are used to manage the variability in
future interest payments due to a change in credited interest rates and the related potential change in cash flows due to surrenders. Call options
are also used to hedge minimum rate guarantees.

Foreign Exchange Contracts
Cross-currency swaps are used in combination with other investments to manage foreign currency risk associated with investment activities,
and insurance and investment contract liabilities. Cross-currency swaps are also used to hedge the Company's net investment in foreign
operations. Under these swaps principal amounts and fixed or floating interest payments may be exchanged in different currencies. The
Company also enters into certain foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain product liabilities.

Other Derivative Contracts
Equity index swaps, futures and options are used to hedge certain product liabilities. Equity index swaps are also used as substitutes for cash
instruments and are used to periodically hedge the market risk associated with certain fee income. Equity put options are used to manage
potential credit risk impact of significant declines in certain equity markets.


                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     211

                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                 99
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          B  197
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Equity total return swaps are used to manage exposure to fluctuations in the total return of common shares related to deferred compensation
                                  arrangements. Total return swaps require the exchange of net contractual payments periodically or at maturity without the exchange of the
                                  notional principal amounts on which the payments are based. These instruments are designated as cash flow hedges.

                                  (e) Hedge Accounting
                                  Fair Value Hedges
                                  The ineffective portion of fair value hedges recognized in the net investment result, which includes foreign exchange contracts, was nil during
                                  2023 and 2022.

                                  Cash Flow Hedges
                                  The ineffective portion of the cash flow hedges, which includes interest rate contracts, foreign exchange contracts, and equity total return swap
                                  contracts, was nil during 2023 and 2022, and the anticipated net gains (losses) expected to be reclassified out of accumulated other
                                  comprehensive income within the next twelve months is nil. The maximum time frame for which variable cash flows are hedged is 5 years.

                                  Net Investment Hedges
                                  The effects of the Company’s net investment hedges on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Consolidated Statements of
                                  Comprehensive Income are shown in the following table.

                                                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                      Change in fair           Change in fair
                                                                                    value of hedged          value of hedging                                      Gains (losses)         Ineffectiveness
                                                                                        items for             instruments for                                    reclassified from         recognized in
                                                                                     ineffectiveness          ineffectiveness         Gains (losses)              AOCI into total        total investment
                                                                                      measurement              measurement           deferred in AOCI           investment result              result

                                  Euro denominated debt                             $                  10 $                  (10) $                      (10) $                    — $                   —
                                  Cross-currency swaps                                                 35                    (35)                        (35)                      —                     —
                                  Foreign exchange forward contracts                                  (17)                    17                          17                       —                     —
                                  Total                                             $                  28 $                  (28) $                      (28) $                    — $                   —




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                             2022
                                                                                         Change in fair         Change in fair

PART B
                                                                                        value of hedged       value of hedging                                       Gains (losses)        Ineffectiveness
                                                                                            items for          instruments for                                     reclassified from        recognized in
                                                                                         ineffectiveness        ineffectiveness        Gains (losses)               AOCI into total       total investment
                                                                                          measurement            measurement          deferred in AOCI            investment result             result
                                  Euro denominated debt                             $                  10 $                  (10) $                      (10) $                    — $                   —
                                  Cross-currency swaps                                                (25)                    25                          25                       —                     —
                                  Foreign exchange forward contracts                                  122                   (122)                      (122)                       —                     —
                                  Total                                             $                 107 $                 (107) $                    (107) $                     — $                   —




                                  212   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements         100
                                          B  198                                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


31. Legal Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
The Company and its subsidiaries are from time-to-time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions. Provisions are
established if, in management's judgment, it is probable a payment will be required and the amount of the payment can be reliably estimated. It
is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a
material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Company. However, based on information presently known, it is not
expected that any of the existing legal actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated
financial position of the Company. Actual results could differ from management’s best estimates.
Subsidiaries of the Company in the United States are defendants in legal actions, including class actions, relating to the costs and features of
their retirement and fund products and the conduct of their businesses. Management believes the claims are without merit and will be
vigorously defending these actions. Based on the information presently known these actions will not have a material adverse effect on the
consolidated financial position of the Company.

32. Commitments

(a) Letters of Credit
Letters of credit are written commitments provided by a bank. The total amount of letter of credit facilities is U.S. $1,920 of which U.S.$1,111
were issued as of December 31, 2023.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment periodically uses letters of credit as collateral under certain reinsurance contracts for on balance sheet
policy liabilities.

(b) Investment Commitments
Commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations in accordance with policies and guidelines that are to be
disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions were $6,411 as at December 31, 2023, with $6,327 maturing within one year, $61
maturing within two years, $15 maturing within three years, $1 maturing within four years and $7 maturing within over 5 years.

(c)       Pledged Assets




                                                                                                                                                                   GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
In addition to the assets pledged by the Company disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements:
•     The amount of assets included in the Company's balance sheet which have a security interest by way of pledging is $1,462 ($1,467 at


                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B
      December 31, 2022) in respect of reinsurance agreements.
      •     In addition, under certain reinsurance contracts, bonds presented in portfolio investments are held in trust and escrow accounts.
            Assets are placed in these accounts pursuant to the requirements of certain legal and contractual obligations to support contract
            liabilities assumed.
•     The Company has pledged, in the normal course of business, $72 ($74 at December 31, 2022) of assets of the Company for the purpose of
      providing collateral for the counterparty.

33. Segmented Information
The operating segments of the Company are Canada, United States, Europe, Capital and Risk Solutions and Lifeco Corporate. These segments
reflect the Company’s management structure and internal financial reporting. Each of these segments operates in the financial services
industry and the revenues from these segments are derived principally from interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and
investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses.
Transactions between operating segments occur at market terms and conditions and have been eliminated upon consolidation.
The Company has a capital allocation model to measure the performance of the operating segments. The impact of the capital allocation model
is included in the segmented information presented below.




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   213

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements            101
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  199
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (a) Consolidated Net Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                2023
                                                                                                                                                                     Capital and
                                                                                                                                  United                                Risk               Lifeco
                                                                                                               Canada             States            Europe            Solutions          Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                $       9,378 $                240 $           6,068 $               4,716 $          — $      20,402
                                        Net investment income 2                                                    3,163               4,053              1,423                  198            27          8,864
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                    3,245               2,296                 891                  74            (17)        6,489
                                                                                                                  15,786               6,589              8,382                 4,988           10        35,755
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                     1,377               3,706                 777                  14             —          5,874
                                                                                                                  17,163              10,295              9,159                 5,002           10        41,629
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                 (6,496)               (178)           (5,162)            (3,941)              —        (15,777)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                           (1,399)                   8              (143)                 (10)           —         (1,544)
                                                                                                                   (7,895)               (170)           (5,305)            (3,951)              —        (17,321)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                     (6,271)               (334)           (2,542)                  (91)           —         (9,238)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                       19                  (24)              222                    7            —           224
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                   (130)            (4,627)                  (3)                (46)           —         (4,806)
                                                                                                                   (6,382)            (4,985)            (2,323)                 (130)           —        (13,820)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
                                        of segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                               3,366                    —             1,442                    —             —          4,808




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                     (3,366)                  —            (1,442)                   —            —          (4,808)
                                                                                                                        —                   —                  —                   —            —                —
                                      Other income and expenses

PART B
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                      (1,465)            (3,758)            (1,063)                  (50)          (66)       (6,402)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                (102)               (204)                (57)                 (1)           (2)         (366)
                                        Financing costs                                                              (134)               (239)                (45)                 (5)           (3)         (426)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                         —                 (100)              (126)                  —            —            (226)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                          1,185                  839                240                 865            (61)        3,068
                                      Income taxes                                                                    188                  72               (207)                   6            (6)             53
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                         non-controlling interests                                                    997                 767                447                 859            (55)       3,015
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                        17                    6                 —                   —            —                23
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                     980                 761                447                 859            (55)       2,992
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                       112                   —                 18                   —            —            130
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                         capital allocation                                                           868                 761                429                 859            (55)       2,862
                                      Impact of capital allocation                                                     93                    8               (45)                 (26)          (30)             —
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                  961                 769                384                 833            (85)       2,862
                                  Net loss from discontinued operations                                                —                 (124)                 —                   —            —            (124)
                                  Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                $          961 $               645 $              384 $               833 $          (85) $     2,738

                                  1
                                         Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2
                                         Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3
                                         Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                  214      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              102
                                           B  200                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                            2022
                                                                                                                                 Capital and
                                                                                                   United                           Risk            Lifeco
                                                                                 Canada            States         Europe          Solutions        Corporate            Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                    $        9,434 $           226 $          5,429 $          4,543 $               — $        19,632
      Net investment income 2                                                         2,837           3,030            1,536               128               63            7,594
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                       (10,718)        (11,003)          (8,739)             (534)               (6)        (31,000)
                                                                                      1,553          (7,747)          (1,774)           4,137                57           (3,774)
      Fee and other income 3                                                          1,212           3,225              714                  7               —            5,158
                                                                                      2,765          (4,522)          (1,060)           4,144                57            1,384
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                     (6,607)           (186)          (4,630)           (3,849)               —          (15,272)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                               (1,419)                14          (113)              (13)               —           (1,531)
                                                                                     (8,026)           (172)          (4,743)           (3,862)               —          (16,803)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                          8,278             843            9,337               351                —          18,809
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                             (102)         (14)         (1,106)              (29)               —           (1,251)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                            66        8,240                 9              139                —            8,454
                                                                                      8,242           9,069            8,240               461                —          26,012
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
      segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                   (2,519)                —         (1,611)               —                 —           (4,130)
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                          2,519                 —          1,611                —                 —            4,130
                                                                                             —              —              —                —                 —                  —




                                                                                                                                                                                       GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                          (1,223)         (3,362)            (932)              (62)              (25)         (5,604)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                PART B
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                        (116)       (182)              (56)              —                 —                (354)
      Financing costs                                                                      (133)       (228)              (22)               (4)              (6)              (393)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                 —         (178)               —                —                 —                (178)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                               1,509             425            1,427               677               26            4,064
    Income taxes                                                                           145           (27)            160               109                 7                394
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
     controlling interests                                                            1,364             452            1,267               568               19            3,670
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                               (86)            (4)             2               —                 —                 (88)
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends                                                       1,450             456            1,265               568               19            3,758
    Preferred share dividends                                                              112              —              18               —                 —                 130
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
      capital allocation                                                              1,338             456            1,247               568               19            3,628
    Impact of capital allocation                                                            93              8             (45)             (26)              (30)                —
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                    1,431             464            1,202              542                (11)          3,628
Net loss from discontinued operations                                                        —          (32)               —                —                 —                 (32)
Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                    $        1,431 $           432 $          1,202 $            542 $              (11) $        3,596

1
       Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2
       Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3
       Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report     215

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements               103
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  201
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                               2023                  2022
                                  Revenue
                                  United States                                                                                                    $                  1,462 $                 962
                                  United Kingdom                                                                                                                      2,052                  1,712
                                  Japan                                                                                                                                 87                    (365)
                                  Other                                                                                                                               1,401                  1,835
                                  Total revenue                                                                                                    $                  5,002 $                4,144

                                  Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds.

                                  (b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                                          2023
                                                                                                                United                                     Capital and Risk
                                                                                            Canada              States                  Europe                Solutions              Total
                                  Assets
                                  Invested assets                                       $         89,382 $             86,715 $                41,981 $                 8,732 $         226,810
                                  Insurance contract assets                                          400                   291                     331                    171                1,193
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets                                 1,243               12,243                    3,713                    133               17,332
                                  Assets held for sale                                                 —                4,467                          —                      —              4,467
                                  Goodwill and intangible assets                                   6,545                6,151                    3,037                        —             15,733
                                  Other assets                                                     4,964              16,192                     3,531                        52            24,739
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                               101,250             179,770                  141,936                         —         422,956
                                  Total                                                 $        203,784 $           305,829 $                194,529 $                 9,088 $         713,230




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Liabilities


PART B
                                  Insurance contract liabilities                        $         81,455 $            18,079 $                 39,390 $                 5,464 $         144,388
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                  3,931              83,966                       341                    681               88,919
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities                              208                   163                     250                        27              648
                                  Liabilities held for sale                                            —                2,407                          —                      —              2,407
                                  Other liabilities                                                7,153              12,804                     3,408                    696               24,061
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                32,997              12,892                   14,413                         —             60,302
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                68,253             166,878                  127,523                         —         362,654
                                  Total                                                 $        193,997 $           297,189 $                185,325 $                 6,868 $         683,379




                                  216   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements              104
                                        B  202                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                    United                                  Capital and Risk
                                                                           Canada                   States              Europe                 Solutions                       Total
    Assets
    Invested assets                                                  $            85,343 $                 90,655 $            38,652 $                 8,573 $                  223,223
    Insurance contract assets                                                         408                    245                   322                       165                       1,140
    Reinsurance contract held assets                                               1,211                   12,624                 3,639                       97                   17,571
    Goodwill and intangible assets                                                 5,789                    7,973                 3,079                       —                    16,841
    Other assets                                                                   3,682                   18,430                 3,297                      140                   25,549
    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                              93,816               166,274                127,792                         —                  387,882
    Total                                                            $           190,249 $             296,201 $              176,781 $                 8,975 $                  672,206


    Liabilities
    Insurance contract liabilities                                   $            75,058 $                 18,669 $            35,670 $                 6,041 $                  135,438
    Investment contract liabilities                                                3,635                   90,139                  323                       713                   94,810
    Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                             164                    167                   226                        (20)                      537
    Other liabilities                                                              7,809                   13,202                 3,089                      644                   24,744
    Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                              32,535                   12,432              12,874                         —                    57,841
    Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                              61,281               153,842                114,918                         —                  330,041
    Total                                                            $           180,482 $             288,451 $              167,100 $                 7,378 $                  643,411

The Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions




                                                                                                                                                                                                GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                             2023                         2022
    Assets
    United States                                                                                                                  $                 4,334 $                           4,070

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B
    United Kingdom                                                                                                                                   1,350                             1,317
    Japan                                                                                                                                            3,047                             3,279
    Other                                                                                                                                              357                              309
    Total assets                                                                                                                   $                 9,088 $                           8,975

(c)         CSM
                                                                                                                        2023
                                                                     Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                               Capital
                                                                                 United                       and Risk                     Segregated
                                                                  Canada         States           Europe      Solutions       Total          Funds                 Par           Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                       $    1,264 $           41 $        2,771 $         1,796 $    5,872 $              3,557 $ 3,694 $ 13,123
       CSM recognized for services provided                              (143)              (4)      (234)           (154)        (535)              (430)           (157)         (1,122)
       Contracts initially recognized in the year                         41                —         284             49           374                181            111                666
       Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM 2                         (40)          (12)          325              —           273                 (37)          (490)              (254)
       Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
         contracts                                                        37                —          49             37           123                  16               —              139
       Effect of movement in exchange rates                                —                (1)        60             17            76                  11               (4)             83
    CSM, end of year                                             $    1,159 $           24 $        3,255 $         1,745 $    6,183 $              3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635

1
      The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.
2
      Included in the changes in estimates that adjust the CSM is a $73 reclassification of CSM between segregated funds and non-participating products excluding segregated
      funds. There is no change in overall CSM from this reclassification.




                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report         217

                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements                      105
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                 B  203
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                                      2022
                                                                                                     Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                           Capital
                                                                                                               United                     and Risk                           Segregated
                                                                                                Canada         States       Europe        Solutions          Total             Funds        Par        Total 1
                                      CSM, beginning of year                                   $   1,679 $          25 $       2,524 $          1,691 $       5,919 $             3,432 $ 2,629 $ 11,980
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                         (166)           (4)         (194)            (152)         (516)               (419)    (139)       (1,074)
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year 2                      44        —             224             100            368                537       102        1,007
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                     (328)          13            238             133              56                (24)   1,081        1,113
                                        Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                          contracts                                                       35         (1)           26               29             89                 —           —          89
                                        Effect of movement in exchange rates                              —             8         (47)               (5)          (44)               31           21             8
                                      CSM, end of year                                         $   1,264 $          41 $       2,771 $          1,796 $       5,872 $             3,557 $ 3,694 $ 13,123

                                  1
                                       The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.
                                  2
                                       On April 1, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the full-service retirement services business of Prudential Financial, Inc. The acquisition included $294 of
                                       CSM which has been included in the contracts initially recognized in the year category.




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
PART B




                                  218     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report

                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Consolidated Financial Statements             106
                                          B  204                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Independent Auditor’s Report


                                                                                     Deloitte LLP
                                                                                     360 Main Street
                                                                                     Suite 2300
                                                                                     Winnipeg MB R3C 3Z3
                                                                                     Canada

                                                                                     Tel: 204-942-0051
                                                                                     Fax: 204-947-9390
                                                                                     www.deloitte.ca




  Independent Auditor’s Report
  To the Shareholders of Great-West Lifeco Inc.

  Opinion
  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (the “Company”), which
  comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 and January 1, 2022, and the
  consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years
  ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
  accounting policy information (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).

  In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
  position of the Company as at December 31, 2023 and 2022 and January 1, 2022, and its financial




                                                                                                                                        GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  performance and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 in accordance with
  International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).


                                                                                                                                                                 PART B
  Basis for Opinion
  We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian
  GAAS”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for
  the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in
  accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada,
  and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe
  that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

  Key Audit Matters
  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
  of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. These matters were
  addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our
  opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

  Insurance Contract Liabilities - Refer to Notes 2 and 14 to the Financial Statements
  Key Audit Matter Description
  The Company’s insurance contract liabilities represent a significant portion of its total liabilities. Insurance
  contract liabilities are determined in accordance with IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (“IFRS 17”). This requires
  the use of complex valuation models and assumptions to measure groups of contracts as the total of
  fulfillment cash flows, plus a risk adjustment for non-financial risk and a contractual service margin (“CSM”).
  The CSM component is only relevant for groups of insurance contracts measured using the general
  measurement model and the variable fee approach.

                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   219



                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            B  205
                                  Independent Auditor’s Report


                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                        February 14, 2024
                                        Page 2




                                        While there is considerable judgment applied by management and inherent uncertainty in selecting
                                        assumptions, the assumptions with the greatest estimation uncertainty are related to mortality, policyholder
                                        behaviour and discount rates. These assumptions required significant auditor attention in specific
                                        circumstances where (i) there is limited Company and industry experience data, (ii) the historical experience
                                        may not be a good indicator of the future and (iii) the determination of discount rates requires complex
                                        calculation and measurement of unobservable market inputs. Auditing of certain valuation models and
                                        significant assumptions (mortality, policyholder behaviour and discount rate) required a high degree of
                                        auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve actuarial and fair value
                                        specialists.

                                        How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
                                        Our audit procedures related to certain valuation models and significant assumptions included the following,
                                        among others:

                                          With the assistance of actuarial and fair value specialists, tested the appropriateness of certain valuation




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                           models used in the valuation process by:

                                             o Calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance
PART B
                                               policies and comparing the results to the Company’s estimate;

                                             o Testing the accuracy of certain valuation models for changes in key assumptions.

                                          With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the reasonableness of mortality and policyholder
                                           behaviour assumptions by:

                                             o Evaluating whether management’s assumptions were determined in accordance with the requirements
                                               of IFRS 17;

                                             o Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the assumptions;

                                             o Analyzing management’s interpretation and judgment of its experience study results and emerging
                                               claims experience, evaluating new and revised key assumptions, assessing reasonable possible
                                               alternative assumptions, and considering industry and other external sources of benchmarking, where
                                               applicable.

                                          With the assistance of actuarial and fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the discount
                                           rates used by:

                                             o Evaluating whether management’s assumptions and methodologies were determined in accordance
                                               with the requirements of IFRS 17;

                                             o Testing the inputs and source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and
                                               developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by
                                               management.
                                  220    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report



                                         B  206                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Independent Auditor’s Report


  Great-West Lifeco Inc.
  February 14, 2024
  Page 3




  Adoption of New and Amended Accounting Standards – IFRS 17 - Refer to Note 3 to the Financial
  Statements
  Key Audit Matter Description
  The Company adopted IFRS 17 effective January 1, 2023. The adoption of IFRS 17 was done on a retrospective
  basis which had an impact on the Company’s January 1, 2022 opening equity balances. IFRS 17 is a complex
  accounting standard requiring considerable judgment and interpretation in its implementation, and impacts
  how the Company recognizes, measures, presents and discloses insurance contracts. In adopting the new
  standard, the Company used significant judgment in developing and implementing accounting policies,
  including policies specific to transition. Of particular importance, the Company elected to use the fair value
  approach for groups of contracts where full retrospective application was impracticable. Under the fair value
  approach, the CSM at transition is equal to the fair value of a group of insurance contracts less the fulfillment
  cash flows measured at that date.
  There are many components embedded in the determination of the fair value for groups of insurance
  contracts that required management to use significant judgment in making estimates and assumptions




                                                                                                                                       GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  related to (1) the appropriateness of the fair value methodology and calculations, (2) the appropriateness of
  the fair value adjustments to fulfilment cash flows and (3) the appropriateness of the discount rates. Auditing
  of the development and implementation of IFRS 17 accounting policies and the judgments, assumptions and
  estimates used in fair value determination for groups of contracts required a high degree of auditor judgment                                                 PART B
  and an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve fair value, technical accounting and
  actuarial specialists.
  How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
  With the assistance of various specialists, our audit procedures related to the development and
  implementation of IFRS 17 accounting policies and judgments, assumptions and estimates used in the fair
  value determination for groups of insurance contracts as at January 1, 2022 included the following, among
  others:

    Evaluated the appropriateness of management’s accounting policies and tested that they were
     appropriately implemented.

    Evaluated the fair value approach methodology and related fair value adjustments against the
     requirements of IFRS 17 and IFRS 13, Fair Value Measurement (“IFRS 13”) by:

      o Evaluating the methodologies and fair value adjustments and their applicability under IFRS 17 and IFRS
        13;

      o Examining the audited historical projected cashflows and assumptions to ensure they are incorporated
        into the transition valuation models as applicable;

      o Evaluating new and revised key assumptions under IFRS 17;



                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   221



                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            B  207
                                  Independent Auditor’s Report


                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                        February 14, 2024
                                        Page 4




                                             o Testing the appropriateness of certain valuation models used in the estimation process by calculating
                                               an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance policies and
                                               comparing the results to the Company’s estimate.

                                          Evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates used to determine fair value by:

                                             o Evaluating whether management’s assumptions and methodologies were determined in accordance
                                               with the requirements of IFRS 17 and IFRS 13;

                                             o Testing the inputs and source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and
                                               developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates selected by
                                               management.

                                        Other Information
                                        Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         ● Management’s Discussion and Analysis;


PART B
                                         ● The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the Annual
                                           Report.

                                        Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
                                        express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements,
                                        our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the
                                        other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
                                        audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                                        We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the
                                        work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                                        other information, we are required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in
                                        this regard.

                                        The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on
                                        the work we will perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                                        other information, we are required to report that fact to those charged with governance.

                                        Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial
                                        Statements
                                        Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
                                        accordance with IFRS, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the
                                        preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


                                  222    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report



                                         B  208                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Independent Auditor’s Report


  Great-West Lifeco Inc.
  February 14, 2024
  Page 5




  In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to
  continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
  concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease
  operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

  Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

  Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
  from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
  opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
  accordance with Canadian GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
  arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
  reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial
  statements.




                                                                                                                                      GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
  professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
                                                                                                                                                               PART B
   ● Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
     misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
     collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

   ● Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
     are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
     effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.

   ● Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
     and related disclosures made by management.

   ● Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
     based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
     conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
     conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
     the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
     opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
     However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.

   ● Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
     manner that achieves fair presentation.

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report   223



                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           B  209
                                  Independent Auditor’s Report


                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                        February 14, 2024
                                        Page 6




                                         ● Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
                                           activities within the Company to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for
                                           the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
                                           opinion.

                                        We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
                                        and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
                                        that we identify during our audit.

                                        We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                                        requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters
                                        that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

                                        From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
                                        of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
                                        therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation




         GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
                                        matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would

PART B
                                        reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                                        The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. David Jordan
                                        Oakley.


                                        /s/ Deloitte LLP


                                        Chartered Professional Accountants
                                        Winnipeg, Manitoba
                                        February 14, 2024




                                  224    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2023 Annual Report



                                         B  210                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
    IGM Financial Inc.
    PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE C 77




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.com. Cer tain
statements in the attached documents, other than statements of historical
fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect
the current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-
looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in
understanding the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and
cash ﬂows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present
information about the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and
plans relating to the future and the reader is cautioned that such statements
may not be appropriate for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not




                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

                                                                                                                  PART C
For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-Looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         C  1
                                  Management’s
                                  Discussion and Analysis
                                  The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and the financial
                                  condition of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 and should
                                  be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements. Commentary in the MD&A as at and for the year ended
                                  December 31, 2023 is as of February 15, 2024.


                                   Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                                  The Consolidated Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s MD&A,
                                  have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and are presented in Canadian dollars
                                  (Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements).


                                   Principal Holders of Voting Shares
                                  As at December 31, 2023, Power Corporation of Canada (Power) and Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), a subsidiary of Power, held
                                  directly or indirectly 62.1% and 3.9%, respectively, of the outstanding common shares of IGM Financial.


                                  Forward-looking Statements                                                          and could cause actual results to differ materially from current
                                  Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical              expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                                  fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and               factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated
                                  reflect IGM Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company) current            impact of general economic, political and market factors in North
                                  expectations. Forward-looking statements are provided to assist the                 America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
                                  reader in understanding the Company’s financial position and results                global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity
                                  of operations as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to               and funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used
                                  present information about management’s current expectations and plans               to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with
                                  relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such statements may              critical accounting assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying
                                  not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include,                future accounting changes, operational and reputational risks,
                                  without limitation, statements regarding the operations, business,                  business competition, technological change, changes in government
                                  financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects,            regulations and legislation, changes in tax laws, unexpected judicial
                                  opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies           or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, outbreaks of disease
                                  and outlook of the Company, as well as the outlook for North American               or pandemics (such as COVID-19), the Company’s ability to complete
                                  and international economies, for the current fiscal year and subsequent             strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and implement other
                                  periods. Forward-looking statements include statements that are                     growth strategies, and the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ success
                                  predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions,          in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors.
                                  or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”,             The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of
                                  “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative     the factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking
                                  versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or conditional            statements. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other
                                  verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.                         factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place
                                  This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions              undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                  that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or                   Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the
                                  projection as reflected in the forward-looking statements, including                Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
                                  the perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected                statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which
                                  future developments, as well as other factors that are believed to be               such statements are made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
                                  appropriate in the circumstances. While the Company considers these                 events, whether as a result of new information, future events or results,
                                  assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently available               or otherwise.
                                  to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                                                      Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Company’s
                                  By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                      business and material factors or assumptions on which information
                                  that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that         contained in forward-looking statements is based is provided in its
                                  expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not           disclosure materials, including this Management’s Discussion and Analysis


PART C
                                  prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that                  and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities
                                  objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.                    regulatory authorities in Canada, available at www.sedarplus.ca.
                                  A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s
                                  and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and
                                  results of the Company and its subsidiaries, and their businesses,




                              18 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  2                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures                                 Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios                     including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
that do not have standard meanings prescribed by IFRS and may not                        accordance with IFRS in Tables 1 to 4.
be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies.                      This report also contains other financial measures which include:
These measures and ratios are used to provide management,
investors and investment analysts with additional measures to assess                     • Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents
earnings performance.                                                                      the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses
                                                                                           IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth
Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted                     Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances
net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net earnings”,                   where the asset management segment is providing investment
“adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted earnings before                         management services or distributing its products through the Wealth
interest and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings before interest, taxes,                     Management segment are eliminated in our reporting such that
depreciation and amortization before sales commissions” (EBITDA before                     there is no double-counting of the same client savings held at IGM
sales commissions), and “earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation                     Financial’s core businesses. AUM&A excludes Investment Planning
and amortization after sales commissions” (EBITDA after sales                              Counsel’s (IPC’s) AUM, AUA, sales, redemptions and net flows which
commissions). These measures exclude other items which are items                           have been disclosed as Discontinued operations.
of a non-recurring nature, or that could make the period-over-period
comparison of results from operations less meaningful. EBITDA before                     • Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
sales commissions excludes all sales commissions. EBITDA after sales                       Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products
commissions includes all sales commissions and highlights aggregate                        held within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment
cash flows.                                                                                core business.

Non-IFRS ratios include the following:                                                   • Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
                                                                                           Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues and
 Ratio                   Numerator                 Denominator                             expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation to its
                                                                                           investment management activities. AUM are client assets where we
 Adjusted                Adjusted net              Average number                          provide investment management services, and include investment
 earnings                earnings available        of outstanding                          funds where we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates
 per share               to common                 common shares on                        to institutions, and other client accounts where we have discretionary
 (Adjusted EPS)          shareholders              a diluted basis                         portfolio management responsibilities.
 Return (Adjusted        Net earnings              Average shareholders’                 • Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
 return) on              (Adjusted net             equity excluding                        Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including
 equity (ROE,            earnings) available       non-controlling                         the Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic
 Adjusted ROE)           to common                 interest                                investments based on the Company’s direct and indirect ownership
                         shareholders                                                      of the strategic investments. The strategic investments included are
                                                                                           those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth management,
 ROE (Adjusted           Net earnings              Average shareholders’
                                                                                           and include ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
 ROE) excluding          (Adjusted net             equity excluding
                                                                                           Rockefeller client assets include assets under management and
 the impact              earnings) available       non-controlling
                                                                                           advisement as well as assets held for investment purposes and only
 of fair value           to common                 interest and the
                                                                                           receiving administrative services.
 through other           shareholders              impact of fair value
 comprehensive                                     through other                         • Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
 income                                            comprehensive                           excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
 investments                                       income investments
                                                   net of tax




                                                                                                                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C




                                                     Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                          19
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              C  3
                                   IGM Financial Inc.
                                   Summary of Consolidated Operating Results
                                   IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and asset           excluding other items outlined below, for the fourth quarter of
                                   management company supporting advisors and the clients               2023 were $198.9 million or $0.84 per share compared to net
                                   they serve in Canada, and institutional investors throughout         earnings available to common shareholders of $224.7 million
                                   North America, Europe and Asia. The Company operates                 or $0.94 per share for the comparative period in 2022.
                                   through a number of operating subsidiaries and also holds a
                                                                                                        Other items for the year ended December 31, 2023 consisted of:
                                   number of strategic investments that provide benefits to these
                                                                                                        • A gain on the sale of IPC of $220.7 million recorded in the
                                   subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s growth prospects.
                                   The Company’s wealth management segment consists of                      fourth quarter.
                                   IG Wealth Management (IG), and strategic investments in              • Restructuring and other charges of $76.2 million after-tax
                                   Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller) and Wealthsimple            ($103.3 million pre-tax), recorded in the second quarter,
                                   Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple). The asset management segment             related to further streamlining and simplifying the Company’s
                                   consists of Mackenzie Investments (Mackenzie) and strategic
                                   investments in China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC)
                                   and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf). The Company            Adjusted Net Earnings Available to Common
                                   also holds an investment in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco). The     Shareholders(1) and Adjusted Earnings per Share(1)
                                   Company sold its subsidiary, Investment Planning Counsel (IPC),      For the financial year ($ millions, except per share amounts)

                                   in the fourth quarter of 2023.
                                                                                                                                                 971
                                   IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and Advisement
                                   Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI)                                                                   867           821
                                   were $389.4 billion as at December 31, 2023 compared to                               764         763         4.05
                                   $288.3 billion at December 31, 2022, as detailed in Table 6.                                                           3.63          3.44
                                                                                                                         3.19        3.20
                                   IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and Advisement
                                   (AUM&A) were $240.2 billion as at December 31, 2023,
                                   compared with $224.2 billion at December 31, 2022. Average
                                   total AUM&A for the year ended December 31, 2023 were
                                   $232.8 billion compared to $229.4 billion in 2022. Average
                                   total AUM&A for the fourth quarter of 2023 were $232.1 billion
                                   compared to $222.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022.
                                                                                                                        2019         2020        2021     2022          2023
                                   Net earnings available to common shareholders for the year
                                   ended December 31, 2023 were $1,148.9 million or $4.82 per                              Adjusted Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders

                                   share compared to net earnings available to common                                      Adjusted Earnings per Share
                                   shareholders of $867.2 million or $3.63 per share in 2022,           Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders and adjusted
                                   representing an increase of 32.8% in earnings per share. Net         net earnings per share excluded the following after-tax amounts:
                                   earnings available to common shareholders for the three months
                                                                                                        2019 – the Company’s proportionate share in Lifeco’s one-time charges.
                                   ended December 31, 2023 were $419.6 million or $1.76 per share
                                                                                                        2020 – the gain on sale of Personal Capital, gain on sale of Quadrus
                                   compared to net earnings available to common shareholders of
                                                                                                                 Group of Funds net of acqusition costs, the Company’s




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   $224.7 million or $0.94 per share for the comparative period in               proportionate share of associate’s adjustments and
                                   2022, an increase of 87.2% in earnings per share.                             restructuring and other.


PART C
                                   Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders,              2021 – additional consideration receivable related to the sale
                                   excluding other items outlined below, for the year ended                      of Personal Capital in 2020.

                                   December 31, 2023 were $820.7 million or $3.44 per share             2023 – the gain on sale of IPC, gain on sale of Lifeco, Lifeco IFRS 17
                                   compared to net earnings available to common shareholders of                  adjustment and restructuring and other.
                                   $867.2 million or $3.63 per share for the comparative period in
                                                                                                        (1) A Non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and
                                   2022. Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders,
                                                                                                            Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              20 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  4                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
  operating model to better align with business priorities.                        • a strategic ownership position with two board seats and
  The initiatives include:                                                           rights enhancing IGM’s opportunity to increase its equity
  - Organizational structure changes including aligning                              interest in Rockefeller in the future; and
    the Company’s organizational structure to advance                              • the opportunity for knowledge sharing and collaboration
    the growing needs of the business and deliver against                            between Rockefeller and IGM’s wealth management
    key strategic initiatives. It also includes optimizing the                       business, IG Wealth Management.
    Company’s resources and talent structure to advance the
                                                                                   Concurrently with the Rockefeller transaction, IGM entered into
    growing needs of the business, enable partnerships across
                                                                                   an agreement to sell 100% of IPC to The Canada Life Assurance
    the business and operate more efficiently and effectively.
                                                                                   Company (Canada Life) for $575 million. Payment for the
  - Digital transformation to retire duplicate systems and to                      Rockefeller transaction of $835 million (USD $622 million) was
    automate and modernize our technology infrastructure to                        completed on June 2, 2023.
    enhance efficiencies and the Company’s ability to service
    client needs.                                                                  The financial results of Rockefeller are recorded in the
                                                                                   Company’s Wealth Management segment.
  - Real estate consolidation of IG Wealth Management’s
    footprint to reflect the adoption of hybrid work and
    new technologies.                                                              Investment Planning Counsel Inc. –
• A gain on the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment                      Discontinued Operations
  in Lifeco of $168.6 million after-tax ($172.9 million pre-tax),                  On November 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale of
  consisting of $174.8 million recorded in the first quarter                       100% of the common shares of IPC for proceeds of $575 million
  and a decrease of $6.2 million that was recorded on a                            plus adjustments and recorded a gain of $220.7 million.
  prospective basis in the second quarter.
                                                                                   In accordance with IFRS 5 – Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and
• Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million, recorded in the
                                                                                   Discontinued Operations, the operating results and cash flows of
  second quarter, representing a change of estimate which has
                                                                                   IPC have been classified as discontinued operations within the
  been recorded on a prospective basis.
                                                                                   Wealth Management segment.
Shareholders’ equity was $6.7 billion at December 31, 2023,
                                                                                   Net earnings from discontinued operations for all periods
compared to $6.1 billion at December 31, 2022. Adjusted
                                                                                   under review are reported as a separate line item in
ROE (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and
                                                                                   consolidated and segment results.
Other Financial Measures) for the year ended December 31,
2023 was 13.0% compared with 14.3% for the comparative
period in 2022. Adjusted ROE excluding the impact of fair                          China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
value through other comprehensive income investments (a                            On January 12, 2023, the Company closed the transaction
non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other                         to acquire Power’s 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash
Financial Measures) for the year ended December 31, 2023 was                       consideration of $1.15 billion, increasing the Company’s equity
13.7% compared with 15.6% in 2022. The quarterly dividend                          interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%. To partially fund the
per common share was 56.25 cents in 2023, unchanged from                           transaction, IGM Financial sold 15,200,662 common shares of
the end of 2022.                                                                   Lifeco to Power for cash consideration of $553 million which
                                                                                   reduced the Company’s equity interest in Lifeco from 4% to
                                                                                   2.4%. The Company recorded a gain on sale of the Lifeco shares
2023 Developments
                                                                                   of $174.8 million, net of tax. The remaining $597 million of
Rockefeller Capital Management                                                     consideration was funded from the Company’s existing financial
                                                                                   resources including $22 million in dividends received after
On April 3, 2023, IGM Financial purchased a 20.5% equity
                                                                                   March 31, 2022 with respect to the Lifeco shares that were sold.
interest in Rockefeller, a leading U.S. independent financial




                                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
services advisory firm, for cash consideration of $835 million                     Benefits of the ChinaAMC acquisition include:
(USD $622 million).

                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C
                                                                                   • Enhancing participation in the rapidly growing Chinese asset
                                                                                     management industry, through a meaningful ownership
Highlights of the Rockefeller transaction include:
                                                                                     position in one of the leading asset managers in China.
• the expansion of IGM’s wealth management footprint,
                                                                                   • Reinforcing relationships and business opportunities
  through Rockefeller, into the U.S., with a brand and business
                                                                                     between Mackenzie and ChinaAMC as Mackenzie builds
  model focused on the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-
                                                                                     global, fully diversified and differentiated solutions for its
  worth segments;
                                                                                     clients and strengthens distribution opportunities in China.




                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                            21
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C  5
                                   • Simplifying the IGM Financial and Power organization                                       • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI Europe
                                     structure by consolidating the ChinaAMC ownership position                                   net total return index, increased by 6.4% in the fourth
                                     at Mackenzie.                                                                                quarter of 2023 and by 15.8% for the year.
                                                                                                                                • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia
                                   The financial results of ChinaAMC are recorded in the Company’s
                                                                                                                                  Pacific net total return index, increased by 8.0% in the fourth
                                   Asset Management segment.
                                                                                                                                  quarter of 2023 and by 11.4% for the year.
                                                                                                                                • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return index
                                   Market Overview
                                                                                                                                  increased by 8.3% in the fourth quarter of 2023 and by 6.7%
                                   Financial market returns were positive for the fourth quarter                                  for the year.
                                   and year ended December 31, 2023:
                                                                                                                                • Our clients experienced an average investment return of
                                   • The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased by 8.1%                                   6.7% in the fourth quarter of 2023 and 9.9% for the year
                                     in the fourth quarter of 2023 and by 11.8% for the year.                                     (excluding IPC).
                                   • U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total return
                                                                                                                                IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 7.1% from $224.2 billion at
                                     index, increased by 11.7% in the fourth quarter of 2023 and
                                                                                                                                December 31, 2022 to $240.2 billion at December 31, 2023. See
                                     by 26.3% for the year.
                                                                                                                                Table 6 for the breakdown of IGM Financial’s AUM&A.



                                   Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures

                                                                                                                                                                Three months ended              Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                               2023            2023              2022           2023           2022
                                   ($ millions except EPS)                                                                                   Dec. 31         Sep. 30           Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31

                                   Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                            $     198.9     $     209.8      $      224.7    $     820.7    $     867.2
                                    Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                       220.7                –                –          220.7               –
                                    Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                           –                –                –          (76.2)              –
                                    Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                            –                –                –          168.6               –
                                    Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                     –                –                –           15.1               –
                                   Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                        $     419.6     $     209.8      $      224.7    $ 1,148.9      $     867.2
                                   Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                                       $      0.84     $      0.88      $       0.94    $      3.44    $      3.63
                                    Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                        0.92                –                –           0.93               –
                                    Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                           –                –                –          (0.32)              –
                                    Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                            –                –                –           0.71               –
                                    Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                     –                –                –           0.06               –
                                   Earnings per share        (2)
                                                                                                                                        $      1.76     $      0.88      $       0.94    $      4.82    $      3.63
                                   Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                         238,156         238,550           237,958        238,418        238,996

                                   EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                                   $     345.8     $     362.3      $      366.1    $ 1,404.2      $ 1,425.6
                                    Sales–based commissions paid                                                                              (26.7)           (30.2)           (22.2)        (116.7)        (130.8)
                                   EBITDA after sales commissions(1)                                                                          319.1           332.1             343.9        1,287.5        1,294.8
                                    Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                                       26.7            30.2              22.2          116.7          123.5
                                    Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                             (25.2)           (24.2)           (20.9)         (94.2)          (77.6)
                                    Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                      (26.5)           (27.1)           (26.2)        (106.5)        (104.0)
                                   Adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes(1)                                                      294.1           311.0             319.0        1,203.5        1,236.7
                                    Interest expense(3)                                                                                        38.6             41.3             28.7          141.0          113.8
                                   Adjusted earnings before income taxes – continuing and discontinued operations                 (1)
                                                                                                                                              255.5           269.7            290.3         1,062.5         1,122.9




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                    Income taxes                                                                                               54.9             59.8             63.3          238.2          250.4
                                   Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                   200.6           209.9             227.0          824.3          872.5


PART C
                                    Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                       220.7                –                –          220.7               –
                                    Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                           –                –                –          (76.2)              –
                                    Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                            –                –                –          168.6               –
                                    Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                     –                –                –           15.1               –
                                   Net earnings                                                                                         $     421.3     $     209.9      $      227.0    $ 1,152.5      $     872.5
                                   (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                                   (2) Diluted earnings per share.
                                   (3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases and in Q2 to Q4 2023, also included interest on the credit facility.




                              22 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  6                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Reportable Segments                                                                accounted for using the equity method. The proportionate
                                                                                   share of earnings on these investments are included in the
In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company realigned its
                                                                                   segment’s revenue.
reportable segments to better characterize and simplify the
                                                                                 • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the investments in
Company’s business lines into wealth management and asset
                                                                                   Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s unallocated
management segments.
                                                                                   capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.
The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller
                                                                                 Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)
and Wealthsimple to the wealth management segment and
                                                                                 represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s
ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset management segment.
                                                                                 core businesses IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie
These changes have no impact on the reported earnings of
                                                                                 Investments. In the Wealth Management segment, AUM is
the Company. Prior period comparative information has been
                                                                                 a component part of AUA. All instances where the asset
restated to reflect the realigned segments.
                                                                                 management segment is providing investment management
The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth Management,                         services or distributing its products through the Wealth
Asset Management and Corporate & Other and reflect the                           Management segment are eliminated in our reporting such
Company’s internal financial reporting and performance                           that there is no double-counting of the same client savings
measurement (Tables 2, 3 and 4):                                                 held at IGM Financial’s core businesses. AUM&A excludes IPC’s
• Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core                        AUM, AUA, sales, redemptions and net flows which have been
  business and strategic investments that are principally                        disclosed as discontinued operations.
  focused on providing financial planning and related
                                                                                 Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of
  services to retail client households. This segment includes
                                                                                 the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and
  the activities of IG Wealth Management which is a retail
                                                                                 investment products held within client accounts of our Wealth
  distribution organization that serves Canadian households
                                                                                 Management segment operating companies.
  through its securities dealer, mutual fund dealer and other
  subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and                     Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the
  services. A majority of the revenues of this segment are                       Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional driver
  derived from providing financial advice and distributing                       of revenues and expenses within the Wealth Management
  financial products and services to Canadian households.                        segment in relation to its investment management activities.
  This segment also includes the investment management                           AUM are client assets where we provide investment
  activities of these organizations, including mutual fund                       management services, and include investment funds where
  management and discretionary portfolio management                              we are the fund manager, investment advisory mandates
  services. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic                   to institutions, and other client accounts where we have
  investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is                    discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.
  classified as an investment in associate and accounted for
                                                                                 Assets Under Management and Advisement Including
  using the equity method, with the proportionate share of
                                                                                 Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents
  earnings included in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an
                                                                                 AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share of the
  investment which is accounted for as fair value through other
                                                                                 AUM&A of strategic investments based on the Company’s
  comprehensive income and therefore has no impact on the
                                                                                 direct and indirect ownership of the strategic investments.
  segment earnings. This segment also included IPC, which was
                                                                                 The strategic investments included are those whose activities
  sold on November 30, 2023. IPC’s results were classified as
                                                                                 are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
  discontinued operations.
                                                                                 ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core                         client assets include AUM&A as well as assets held for
  business and strategic investments primarily focused on                        investment purposes and only receiving administrative services.
  providing investment management services. This segment




                                                                                                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which
                                                                                 Financial Presentation
  provides investment management services to a suite of

                                                                                                                                                                                PART C
  investment funds that are distributed through third party                      The financial presentation includes revenues and expenses to
  dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional                      align with the key drivers of business activity and to reflect our
  advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and                      emphasis on business growth and operational efficiency. The
  other institutional investors. This segment also includes the                  categories are as follows:
  Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf                       • Wealth management revenue – revenues earned by the
  which are classified as investments in associates and                            Wealth Management segment for providing financial planning,




                                             Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                             23
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C  7
                                   Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q4 2023 vs. Q4 2022

                                                                                                    Wealth Management               Asset Management                Corporate & Other                          Total
                                   Three months ended                                                 2023          2022             2023            2022           2023          2022           2023          2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                     Dec. 31       Dec. 31          Dec. 31         Dec. 31        Dec. 31       Dec. 31        Dec. 31       Dec. 31

                                   Revenues
                                    Wealth management                                           $    551.7    $   530.8        $         –     $        –     $     (1.7)   $         –    $    550.0    $   530.8

                                    Asset management                                                     –              –           259.5           260.5          (25.2)        (27.0)         234.3        233.5
                                    Dealer compensation expense                                          –              –           (76.0)          (76.9)          (0.7)          (0.1)        (76.7)        (77.0)
                                    Net asset management                                                 –              –           183.5           183.6          (25.9)         (27.1)        157.6         156.5

                                    Net investment income and other                                    3.7           2.1               4.0            5.6            2.9           7.2           10.6          14.9
                                    Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                       (0.8)          (0.4)           32.3            24.9           19.1          40.9           50.6          65.4
                                                                                                     554.6         532.5            219.8           214.1           (5.6)         21.0          768.8         767.6
                                   Expenses
                                    Advisory and business development                                232.4         217.2             20.8            21.3              –              –         253.2        238.5
                                    Operations and support                                           115.9         108.9             92.7            91.3            0.2           (0.2)        208.8         200.0
                                    Sub-advisory                                                      43.0          41.5               1.2            1.0          (27.5)        (27.0)          16.7          15.5
                                                                                                     391.3         367.6            114.7           113.6          (27.3)        (27.2)         478.7        454.0
                                   Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                    163.3         164.9            105.1           100.5           21.7          48.2          290.1         313.6
                                   Interest expense(2)                                                26.0          22.6               6.5            5.9              –              –          32.5          28.5
                                   Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                          137.3         142.3             98.6            94.6           21.7          48.2          257.6         285.1
                                   Income taxes                                                       36.6          38.2             20.1            20.2           (0.7)          3.4           56.0          61.8
                                   Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                  100.7         104.1             78.5            74.4           22.4          44.8          201.6        223.3
                                   Net earnings – discontinued operations                              3.5           3.5                 –              –           (4.5)          0.2           (1.0)          3.7
                                   Adjusted net earnings   (1)
                                                                                                     104.2         107.6             78.5            74.4           17.9          45.0          200.6         227.0
                                   Non-controlling interest                                              –           0.2               1.7            2.1              –              –           1.7           2.3
                                   Adjusted net earnings available to
                                   common shareholders(1)                                       $    104.2    $    107.4       $     76.8      $     72.3     $     17.9    $     45.0          198.9         224.7
                                   Other items , net of tax
                                                (1)


                                   Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                                                                          220.7             –
                                   Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                           $    419.6    $    224.7
                                   (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                                   (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                                      investment advisory and related financial services. Revenues                                 Management segment and wholesale distribution activities
                                      include financial advisory fees, investment management and                                   performed by the Asset Management segment. Expenses
                                      related administration fees, distribution revenue associated                                 include compensation, recognition and other support
                                      with insurance and banking products and services, and                                        provided to our advisors, field management, product &
                                      revenue relating to mortgage lending activities.                                             planning specialists; expenses associated with facilities,
                                   • Asset management revenue – revenues earned by the Asset                                       technology and training relating to our advisors and
                                      Management segment related to investment management                                          specialists; other business development activities including
                                      advisory and administrative services.                                                        direct marketing and advertising. A significant component
                                                                                                                                   of these expenses varies directly with levels of assets
                                   • Dealer compensation – asset-based and sales-based




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                     compensation paid to dealers by the Asset Management                                          under management or advisement, business development
                                                                                                                                   measures including sales and client acquisition, and the
                                      segment.

PART C
                                                                                                                                   number of advisor and client relationships.
                                   • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the Company’s
                                                                                                                              • Operations and support expenses – expenses associated
                                      proportionate share of earnings from equity investments
                                      including Lifeco, ChinaAMC, Northleaf and Rockefeller.                                    with business operations, including technology and business
                                                                                                                                processes; in-house investment management and product
                                   • Advisory and business development expenses – expenses
                                                                                                                                shelf management; corporate management and support
                                     incurred on activities directly associated with providing
                                                                                                                                functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
                                      financial planning services to clients of the Wealth
                                                                                                                                technology and other service provider expenses.




                              24 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  8                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Twelve Months Ended

                                                                   Wealth Management                Asset Management            Corporate & Other                        Total
Twelve months ended                                                  2023           2022            2023          2022          2023          2022        2023           2022
($ millions)                                                       Dec. 31        Dec. 31         Dec. 31       Dec. 31       Dec. 31       Dec. 31     Dec. 31        Dec. 31

Revenues
 Wealth management                                             $ 2,206.2      $ 2,159.9       $        –    $        –    $     (6.5)   $        –    $ 2,199.7    $ 2,159.9

 Asset management                                                        –                –       1,051.2       1,077.7       (102.2)       (110.5)      949.0          967.2
 Dealer compensation expense                                             –                –       (311.4)       (327.6)         (2.7)            –      (314.1)         (327.6)
 Net asset management                                                    –                –        739.8         750.1        (104.9)       (110.5)      634.9          639.6

 Net investment income and other                                     13.3             2.4           12.0            5.7         12.3          14.2        37.6           22.3
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                          (3.3)          (0.4)         121.4          82.9          66.9         128.2       185.0          210.7
                                                                   2,216.2        2,161.9          873.2         838.7         (32.2)         31.9     3,057.2         3,032.5
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                  922.7          882.7            83.5          79.4             –             –     1,006.2          962.1
 Operations and support                                             438.5          424.0           362.7         360.5           1.2           2.1       802.4          786.6
 Sub-advisory                                                       172.4          169.1              4.6          4.9        (111.3)       (110.5)       65.7           63.5
                                                                   1,533.6        1,475.8          450.8         444.8        (110.1)       (108.4)    1,874.3         1,812.2
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                      682.6          686.1           422.4         393.9          77.9         140.3     1,182.9         1,220.3
Interest expense(2)                                                  98.2           89.7            25.0          23.5             –             –       123.2          113.2
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                            584.4          596.4           397.4         370.4          77.9         140.3     1,059.7         1,107.1
Income taxes                                                        156.1          159.7            83.8          81.6          (2.0)          4.7       237.9          246.0
Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                    428.3          436.7           313.6         288.8          79.9         135.6       821.8           861.1
Net earnings – discontinued operations                               15.0            11.3              –             –         (12.5)          0.1          2.5           11.4
Adjusted net earnings     (1)
                                                                    443.3          448.0           313.6         288.8          67.4         135.7       824.3          872.5
Non-controlling interest                                               0.2            0.2             3.4           5.1            –             –          3.6            5.3
Adjusted net earnings available to
common shareholders(1)                                         $    443.1     $    447.8      $    310.2    $    283.7    $     67.4    $    135.7       820.7          867.2
Other items , net of tax
             (1)


 Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                                                                     220.7               –
 Restructuring and other                                                                                                                                  (76.2)             –
 Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                                                                  168.6               –
 Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                                                                15.1               –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                         $ 1,148.9    $    867.2
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




• Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to investment                                related to the credit facility, which was temporary financing
   management services provided by third party or related                                     put in place in the second quarter of 2023 and was repaid in
   party investment management organizations. These                                           the fourth quarter prior to the close of the IPC sale, is included
   fees typically are variable with the level of assets under                                 in discontinued operations and totalled $6.0 million and
   management. These fees include investment advisory                                         $17.9 million, respectively, for the three and twelve months
   services performed for the Wealth Management segment                                       ended December 31, 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC.
   by the Asset Management segment.
                                                                                              Income taxes are reported in each segment. IGM Financial


                                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C
Interest expense represents interest expense on long-term                                     consolidated changes in the effective tax rates are detailed in
debt and leases. The change in interest expense for the                                       Table 5.
three and twelve month periods resulted from the impact of
                                                                                              Tax planning may result in the Company recording lower
the issuance of $300 million 5.426% debentures on May 26,
                                                                                              levels of income taxes. Management monitors the status of its
2023. Interest expense is allocated to each segment based on
                                                                                              income tax filings and regularly assesses the overall adequacy
management’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt,
                                                                                              of its provision for income taxes and, as a result, income
and ii) where the debt is being serviced. Interest expense
                                                                                              taxes recorded in prior years may be adjusted in the current




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                                25
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  C  9
                                   Table 4: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q4 2023 vs. Q3 2023

                                                                                                       Wealth Management                Asset Management                  Corporate & Other                             Total
                                   Three months ended                                                    2023           2023             2023              2023           2023            2023           2023           2023
                                   ($ millions)                                                        Dec. 31        Sep. 30          Dec. 31           Sep. 30        Dec. 31         Sep. 30        Dec. 31        Sep. 30

                                   Revenues
                                    Wealth management                                              $    551.7     $ 564.8          $         –      $          –    $     (1.7)     $      (1.7)   $    550.0    $     563.1

                                    Asset management                                                         –             –            259.5             265.7          (25.2)          (25.8)         234.3          239.9
                                    Dealer compensation expense                                              –             –            (76.0)             (77.9)         (0.7)            (0.7)        (76.7)         (78.6)
                                    Net asset management                                                     –             –            183.5              187.8         (25.9)          (26.5)         157.6          161.3

                                    Net investment income and other                                       3.7            2.2               4.0              2.5            2.9             3.2           10.6                7.9
                                    Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                           (0.8)          0.7             32.3              25.1           19.1            12.7           50.6           38.5
                                                                                                        554.6          567.7            219.8             215.4           (5.6)          (12.3)         768.8          770.8
                                   Expenses
                                    Advisory and business development                                   232.4         234.3              20.8              19.0                 –             –         253.2          253.3
                                    Operations and support                                              115.9          108.8             92.7              87.2            0.2             0.4          208.8          196.4
                                    Sub-advisory                                                         43.0           43.8               1.2               1.2         (27.5)          (28.2)          16.7           16.8
                                                                                                        391.3          386.9            114.7             107.4          (27.3)          (27.8)         478.7          466.5
                                   Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                       163.3          180.8            105.1             108.0           21.7            15.5          290.1          304.3
                                   Interest expense(2)                                                   26.0           25.9               6.5              6.6                 –          0.1           32.5           32.6
                                   Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                             137.3          154.9             98.6             101.4           21.7            15.4          257.6          271.7
                                   Income taxes                                                          36.6           41.2             20.1              22.4           (0.7)           (3.3)          56.0           60.3
                                   Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                     100.7          113.7             78.5              79.0           22.4            18.7          201.6          211.4
                                   Net earnings – discontinued operations                                 3.5            4.5                 –                 –          (4.5)            (6.0)         (1.0)           (1.5)
                                   Adjusted net earnings     (1)
                                                                                                        104.2          118.2             78.5              79.0           17.9            12.7          200.6          209.9
                                   Non-controlling interest                                                  –             –               1.7               0.1                –             –           1.7             0.1
                                   Adjusted net earnings available to
                                   common shareholders(1)                                          $    104.2     $    118.2       $     76.8       $      78.9     $     17.9      $     12.7          198.9          209.8
                                   Other items , net of tax
                                                 (1)


                                    Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                                                                                 220.7                 –
                                   Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                                   $    419.6    $     209.8
                                   (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                                   (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                                   Table 5: Effective Income Tax Rate(1)

                                                                                                                                                         Three months ended                        Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                        2023                   2023                   2022                    2023                 2022
                                                                                                                      Dec. 31                Sep. 30                Dec. 31                 Dec. 31              Dec. 31

                                   Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   statutory rates                                                                     26.65 %                   26.59 %                26.64 %              26.68 %              26.63 %
                                    Effect of:


PART C
                                      Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                      (4.37)                    (2.84)                 (5.61)                (3.40)                 (4.56)
                                      Other                                                                            (0.58)                    (1.52)                  0.63                 (0.46)                  0.15
                                   Effective income tax rate – before other items                                      21.70                  22.23                     21.66                22.82               22.22
                                    Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                 –                         –                      –                 (3.68)                     –
                                    Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                              –                         –                      –                 (0.35)                     –
                                   Effective income tax rate – net earnings from
                                   continuing operations                                                               21.70 %                22.23 %                   21.66 %              18.79 %             22.22 %
                                   (1) The effective income tax rates for the comparative figures have been restated to exclude discontinued operations related to IPC from earnings.




                              26 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  10                                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
year. The effect of changes in management’s best estimates                          • A gain on the sale of a portion of the Company’s investment
reported in adjusted net earnings is reflected in Other, which                        in Lifeco of $168.6 million after-tax ($172.9 million pre-tax),
also includes, but is not limited to, the effect of lower effective                   consisting of $174.8 million recorded in the first quarter
income tax rates on foreign operations.                                               and a decrease of $6.2 million that was recorded on a
                                                                                      prospective basis in the second quarter.
In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation
and Development (OECD) published the Pillar Two model                               • Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million, recorded in the
rules outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax                          second quarter, representing a change of estimate which
regime. A number of countries where the Company operates,                             has been recorded on a prospective basis.
including Ireland and the UK, have enacted legislation, and
will be effective for the Company’s financial year beginning                        Total AUM&A
January 1, 2024. Pillar Two draft legislation in Canada has not
                                                                                    IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $389.4 billion
been substantively enacted but when enacted, is expected to
                                                                                    as at December 31, 2023 compared to $288.3 billion at
be effective for the Company as of January 1, 2024.
                                                                                    December 31, 2022, as detailed in Table 6.
The assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income
                                                                                    AUM&A were $240.2 billion at December 31, 2023 compared
taxes is based on the most recent tax filings, country-by-country
                                                                                    to $224.2 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 7.1%, as
reporting and financial statements for the Company and its
                                                                                    detailed in Table 6. AUM were $226.6 billion at December 31,
subsidiaries as part of a larger related group of companies.
                                                                                    2023 compared to $213.6 billion at December 31, 2022, an
Based on the assessment, the Pillar Two effective tax rates of the
                                                                                    increase of 6.1%.
material jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries
operate are above 15%. However, there may be immaterial                             AUM&A net outflows for the twelve months ended December 31,
jurisdictions where the Pillar Two income taxes apply, but the                      2023 were $2.0 billion compared to net inflows of $859 million
Company and its subsidiaries do not expect a material exposure                      in 2022, as detailed in Table 6. Investment fund net redemptions
to Pillar Two income taxes in those jurisdictions.                                  for the twelve month period were $4.3 billion in 2023 compared
                                                                                    to net redemptions of $1.0 billion in 2022. Net outflows in
Other items, as reflected in Tables 2, 3 and 4, include the
                                                                                    the fourth quarter of 2023 were $1.2 billion compared to
after-tax impact of any item that management considers to be
                                                                                    net outflows of $520 million in the fourth quarter of 2022,
of a non-recurring nature or that could make the period-over-
                                                                                    as detailed in Table 6. Fourth quarter investment fund net
period comparison of results from operations less meaningful
                                                                                    redemptions were $1.9 billion compared to net redemptions of
and are not allocated to segments.
                                                                                    $1.6 billion in 2022. Net flows and net sales are based on AUM&A
Other items for the year ended December 31, 2023, included:                         excluding sub-advisory assets to Canada Life and to the Wealth
• A gain on the sale of IPC of $220.7 million recorded in the                       Management segment.
  fourth quarter.
                                                                                    The Company also benefits from the underlying assets under
• Restructuring and other charges of $76.2 million after-tax                        management of the Company’s investments in associates,
  ($103.3 million pre-tax), recorded in the second quarter,                         including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and its investment
  related to further streamlining and simplifying the Company’s                     in Wealthsimple which is classified as fair value through
  operating model to better align with business priorities. The                     other comprehensive income. The Company has included its
  initiatives include:                                                              proportionate share of the AUM&A of these investments in its
  - Organizational structure changes including aligning                             AUM&A Including SI based on its direct and indirect interest in
    the Company’s organizational structure to advance                               these companies.
    the growing needs of the business and deliver against
                                                                                    At December 31, 2023, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥ 1,823.6 billion
    key strategic initiatives. It also includes optimizing the
                                                                                    ($341.0 billion) compared to RMB¥ 1,721.6 billion ($337.6 billion)
    Company’s resources and talent structure to advance the
                                                                                    at December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.9% (CAD$ 1.0%). IGM




                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
    growing needs of the business, enable partnerships across
                                                                                    Financial held a 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC on December 31,
    the business and operate more efficiently and effectively.
                                                                                    2022, which was increased to 27.8% on January 12, 2023.

                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C
  - Digital transformation to retire duplicate systems and to
    automate and modernize our technology infrastructure to                         At December 31, 2023, Northleaf’s AUM was $26.6 billion
    enhance efficiencies and the Company’s ability to service                       compared to $24.1 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of
    client needs.                                                                   10.4%. IGM Financial holds a 56% economic interest in Northleaf.
  - Real estate consolidation of IG Wealth Management’s                             At December 31, 2023, Rockefeller’s client assets were USD
    footprint to reflect the adoption of hybrid work and                            $122.1 billion ($161.6 billion). IGM Financial holds a 20.5%
    new technologies.                                                               interest in Rockefeller.




                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                             27
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               C  11
                                   Table 6: AUM&A

                                                                                                                                                                      Intercompany
                                                                                                        Wealth Management (1)       Asset Management(2)                 Eliminations (3)         Consolidated
                                                                                                              2023       2022          2023         2022          2023           2022        2023       2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                             Dec. 31    Dec. 31       Dec. 31      Dec. 31       Dec. 31        Dec. 31     Dec. 31    Dec. 31

                                   Three months ended
                                   Gross flows
                                    Mutual fund gross sales(4)                                          $    2,628 $     2,125 $      1,736 $       1,559 $            – $           – $    4,364 $   3,684
                                    Dealer gross inflows(3)                                                  3,089       3,031             –             –             –             –      3,089      3,031
                                    Discontinued operations inflows                                          1,196       1,157             –             –             –             –      1,196      1,157
                                   Net flows
                                    Mutual fund net sales(4)                                                (1,052)       (718)        (987)         (966)             –             –     (2,039)    (1,684)
                                    ETF net creations                                                            –            –          161          134              –             –        161        134
                                    Investment fund net sales                                               (1,052)       (718)        (826)         (832)             –             –     (1,878)    (1,550)
                                    Institutional SMA net sales                                                  –            –        (186)         (135)             –             –       (186)      (135)
                                    IGM product net sales                                                   (1,052)       (718)      (1,012)         (967)             –             –     (2,064)    (1,685)
                                    Other dealer net flows                                                     824       1,147             –             –             1            18        825      1,165
                                    Total net flows   (3)
                                                                                                              (228)        429       (1,012)         (967)             1            18     (1,239)      (520)
                                    Discontinued operations net flows                                          387          45             –             –            17            35        404         80
                                    Total net flows including discontinued operations(3)                       160         476       (1,012)         (967)            17            51       (835)      (440)
                                   Twelve months ended
                                   Gross flows
                                    Mutual fund gross sales(4)                                          $ 10,917 $ 10,587 $           7,270 $       7,496 $            – $           – $ 18,187 $ 18,083
                                    Dealer gross inflows(3)                                                 12,650     12,872              –             –             –             –     12,650     12,872
                                    Discontinued operations inflows                                          4,671       4,424             –             –             –             –      4,671      4,424
                                   Net flows
                                    Mutual fund net sales(4)                                                (2,254)         43       (2,314)       (1,736)             –             –     (4,568)    (1,693)
                                    ETF net creations(5)                                                         –            –         245           705              –             –        245       705
                                    Investment fund net sales                                               (2,254)         43       (2,069)       (1,031)             –             –     (4,323)      (988)
                                    Institutional SMA net sales(6)                                               –            –         192          (834)             –             –        192       (834)
                                    IGM product net sales                                                   (2,254)         43       (1,877)       (1,865)             –             –     (4,131)    (1,822)
                                    Other dealer net flows                                                   2,089       2,647             –             –             1            34      2,090      2,681
                                    Total net flows(3)                                                        (165)      2,690       (1,877)       (1,865)             1            34     (2,041)       859
                                    Discontinued operations net flows                                          728         255             –             –            98            43        826       298
                                    Total net flows including discontinued operations(3)                       567       2,951       (1,877)       (1,865)            95            71     (1,215)     1,157

                                   (1) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie
                                       Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                                   (2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
                                   (3) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
                                   (4) IG Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
                                   (5) ETFs – During the twelve month period of 2022, Wealthsimple made allocation changes which resulted in $675 million in purchases in Mackenzie ETFs.
                                   (6) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts
                                        - During the second quarter of 2023, Mackenzie onboarded an institutional mandate of $490 million.
                                        - During the first quarter of 2022, an institutional investor redeemed $291 million within products Mackenzie sub-advises.



                                   At December 31, 2023, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $31.0 billion                           Net Earnings and Earnings per Share – Except as noted in the
                                   compared to $18.3 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of                       reconciliation in Table 7, variations in net earnings and total




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   69.4%. IGM Financial holds a 24.7% interest in Wealthsimple.                         revenues result primarily from changes in average AUM&A.


PART C
                                   Changes in AUM for the Wealth Management and Asset                                   AUM&A Including SI were $309.8 billion in 2021, decreased to
                                   Management segments are discussed further in each of their                           $288.3 million in 2022 and increased to $389.4 million in 2023.
                                   respective Review of the Business sections in the MD&A.                              The increase in 2023 were driven primarily by the increase in
                                                                                                                        proportionate share of ownership of ChinaAMC, the investment
                                                                                                                        in Rockefeller and an increase in the core business AUM&A.
                                   Selected Annual Information
                                   Financial information for the three most recently completed
                                   years is included in Table 7.




                              28 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  12                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 6: AUM&A (continued)

                                                                                                                               Intercompany
                                                                  Wealth Management                 Asset Management             Eliminations (1)              Consolidated
                                                                    2023           2022              2023        2022      2023           2022         2023           2022
($ millions)                                                      Dec. 31        Dec. 31           Dec. 31     Dec. 31   Dec. 31        Dec. 31      Dec. 31        Dec. 31

AUM&A
 IG Wealth Management
   AUM(2)                                                    $ 107,635 $         99,275
   Other AUA                                                      13,588         11,541
   AUA                                                          121,223         110,816
 Mackenzie Investments
   Mutual funds                                                                               $    56,408 $   54,434
   ETFs(3)                                                                                          5,507       5,219
   Investment funds                                                                                61,915     59,653

   Institutional SMA                                                                                7,367       6,422
   Sub-advisory to Canada Life(4)                                                                  49,665      47,023
   Total Institutional SMA                                                                         57,032     53,445

   Third Party AUM                                                                                118,947     113,098
   Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(4)                                                    76,758      73,514
   Total AUM                                                                                      195,705     186,612
 Consolidated excluding discontinued operations(5)
   AUM                                                       $ 107,635 $         99,275 $ 195,705 $ 186,612 $ (76,758) $ (72,336) $ 226,582 $ 213,551
   AUM&A                                                        121,223         110,816           195,705     186,612    (76,758)      (73,186)     240,170        224,242
 Strategic investments(6)
   ChinaAMC                                                                                        94,792      46,932
   Northleaf                                                                                       14,912      13,521
   Rockefeller                                                    33,061                  –
   Wealthsimple                                                    7,657          4,447
   Intra-segment eliminations                                          (6)                –         (260)        (156)
                                                                  40,712          4,447           109,444     60,297       (901)          (719)     149,255         64,025
 Consolidated AUM&A Including SI(5)                             161,935         115,263           305,149     246,909    (77,659)     (73,905)      389,425        288,267
(1) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
(2) Wealth Management AUM includes separately managed accounts.
(3) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $12.9 billion at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $12.4 billion).
(4) Effective November 30, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to discontinued operations, which had previously been reported in sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth
    Management, are now reported in sub-advisory to Canada Life.
(5) 2022 excludes discontinued operations of IPC: Wealth Management AUM of $4.6 billion and AUA of $29.5 billion; AUA elimination entries of ($4.4) billion; and IGM
    consolidated AUM&A of $25.2 billion.
(6) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2022 – 13.9%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2022 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 20.5% (2022 – nil)
    of Rockefeller’s client assets, and 24.7% (2022 – 24.3%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.



AUM&A were $248.8 billion in 2021, decreased to $224.2 billion                                Dividends per Common Share – Annual dividends per common
in 2022 and increased to $240.2 billion in 2023. Changes                                      share were $2.25 in 2023, unchanged from 2022 and 2021.
were driven largely by changes in financial markets during the
periods. Average total AUM&A for the year ended December 31,
                                                                                              Summary of Quarterly results



                                                                                                                                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC.
2023 were $232.8 billion compared to $229.4 billion in 2022.
The impact on earnings and revenues of changes in average                                     The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 8 includes the


                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART C
total AUM&A and other pertinent items are discussed in the                                    eight most recent quarters and the reconciliation of non-IFRS
Review of Segment Operating Results sections of the MD&A for                                  financial measures to net earnings in accordance with IFRS.
both IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie.
                                                                                              Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent quarters,
Net earnings in future periods will largely be determined by the                              as shown in Table 8, largely reflect the impact of changes in
level of AUM&A which will continue to be influenced by global                                 domestic and foreign markets and net sales of the Company.
market conditions.




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                            29
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             C  13
                                   Table 7: Selected Annual Information

                                                                                                                                                                 2023              2022            2021

                                   Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
                                   Revenues
                                    Wealth management                                                                                                 $       2,199.7       $    2,159.9    $   2,231.2
                                    Net asset management                                                                                                        634.9             639.6           657.5
                                    Net investment income and other                                                                                              37.6              22.3            10.9
                                    Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                 185.0             210.7           196.4
                                                                                                                                                              3,057.2           3,032.5         3,096.0
                                   Expenses                                                                                                                   1,997.5           1,925.4         1,866.7
                                                                                                                                                              1,059.7            1,107.1        1,229.3
                                   Restructuring and other                                                                                                     (103.3)                 –              –
                                   Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                                       172.9                  –              –
                                   Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                                     15.1                  –              –
                                   Gain on sale of Personal Capital                                                                                                     –              –           10.6
                                   Earnings before income taxes                                                                                               1,144.4            1,107.1        1,239.9
                                   Income taxes                                                                                                                 215.1             246.0           279.2
                                   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                      929.3             861.1           960.7
                                   Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                    223.2              11.4            20.2
                                   Net earnings                                                                                                               1,152.5             872.5           980.9
                                   Non-controlling interest                                                                                                       (3.6)             (5.3)          (2.0)
                                   Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                      $       1,148.9       $     867.2     $     978.9
                                   Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
                                   Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                          $         820.7       $     867.2     $     971.2
                                   Other items:
                                    Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                                         220.7                  –              –
                                    Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                                         (76.2)                 –              –
                                    Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                          168.6                  –              –
                                    Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                                    15.1                  –              –
                                    Gain on sale of Personal Capital, net of tax                                                                                        –              –            7.7
                                   Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                      $       1,148.9       $     867.2     $     978.9
                                   Earnings per share ($)
                                    Adjusted earnings per share(1)
                                    – Basic                                                                                                           $          3.45       $      3.64     $      4.07
                                    – Diluted                                                                                                                    3.44              3.63            4.05
                                    Earnings per share
                                    – Basic                                                                                                                      4.83              3.64            4.10
                                    – Diluted                                                                                                                    4.82              3.63            4.08
                                   Dividends per share ($)
                                    Common                                                                                                            $          2.25       $      2.25     $      2.25
                                   Average AUM&A(2) ($ billions)
                                    Investment fund AUM                                                                                               $         164.8       $     164.0     $     168.0
                                    Total AUM                                                                                                                   220.7             220.8           227.0
                                    Total AUM&A                                                                                                                 232.8             229.4           233.2
                                   Ending AUM&A(2) ($ billions)




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                    Investment fund AUM                                                                                               $         169.5       $     158.9     $     178.9
                                    Total AUM                                                                                                                   226.6             213.6           240.7



PART C
                                    Total AUM&A                                                                                                                 240.2             224.2           248.8
                                   Ending AUM&A Including SI(2) ($ billions)                                                                          $         389.4       $     288.3     $     309.8
                                   Total corporate assets ($ millions)                                                                                $       18,663        $    18,738     $    17,661
                                   Total long-term debt ($ millions)                                                                                  $         2,400       $     2,100     $     2,100
                                   Outstanding common shares (thousands)                                                                                     238,132            237,668         239,679
                                   Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                                          238,418            238,996         240,019
                                   (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                                   (2) As detailed in AUM&A definitions, AUM, AUA and AUM&A exclude IPC discontinued operations.




                              30 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  14                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 8: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                 2023        2023        2023        2023        2022        2022        2022       2022
                                                                                   Q4          Q3          Q2          Q1          Q4          Q3          Q2         Q1

Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
Revenues
 Wealth management                                                        $    550.0 $      563.1 $     552.5 $     534.1 $    530.8 $     532.6 $     535.3 $     561.2

 Asset management                                                              234.3        239.9       238.7       236.1      233.5       235.7        241.9      256.1
 Dealer compensation expense                                                    (76.7)      (78.6)      (79.5)      (79.3)      (77.0)      (77.4)      (82.1)      (91.1)
 Net asset management                                                          157.6        161.3       159.2       156.8       156.5       158.3       159.8      165.0

 Net investment income and other                                                 10.6         7.9         8.1        11.0        14.9        10.3        (0.4)       (2.5)
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                     50.6        38.5        42.9        53.0        65.4        46.9        50.0       48.4
                                                                               768.8       770.8        762.7      754.9        767.6       748.1       744.7      772.1
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                             253.2       253.3       254.0        245.7      238.5        235.1      243.5       245.0
 Operations and support                                                        208.8        196.4       195.4       201.8      200.0        189.9       193.6      203.1
 Sub-advisory                                                                    16.7        16.8        16.4        15.8        15.5        15.2        15.4        17.4
 Interest(1)                                                                     32.5        32.6        30.0        28.1        28.5        28.5        28.3        27.9
                                                                               511.2        499.1       495.8       491.4      482.5       468.7       480.8       493.4
Earnings before undernoted                                                     257.6        271.7       266.9       263.5       285.1       279.4      263.9       278.7
Restructuring and other                                                             –           –      (103.3)          –           –           –           –           –
Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                              –           –        (6.2)      179.1           –           –           –           –
Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                           –           –        15.1           –           –           –           –           –
Earnings before income taxes                                                   257.6        271.7       172.5      442.6        285.1       279.4       263.9      278.7
Income taxes                                                                     56.0        60.3        35.5        63.3        61.8        63.4        58.5       62.3
Net earnings from continuing operations                                        201.6        211.4       137.0       379.3      223.3        216.0      205.4       216.4
Net earnings from discontinued operations                                      219.7         (1.5)        1.8         3.2         3.7         1.0         3.0         3.7
Net earnings                                                                   421.3        209.9       138.8       382.5       227.0       217.0      208.4       220.1
Non-controlling interest                                                          1.7         0.1         0.6         1.2         2.3         0.9         1.3         0.8
Net earnings available to common shareholders                             $    419.6 $     209.8 $      138.2 $     381.3 $     224.7 $     216.1 $     207.1 $    219.3
Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                 $    198.9 $     209.8 $      205.5 $    206.5 $      224.7 $     216.1 $     207.1 $    219.3
Other items:
 Gain on sale of IPC                                                           220.7            –           –           –           –           –           –           –
 Restructuring and other, net of tax ($27.1 million)                                –           –       (76.2)          –           –           –           –           –
 Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax (Q1 – $4.3 million)                             –           –        (6.2)      174.8           –           –           –           –
 Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                          –           –        15.1           –           –           –           –           –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                             $    419.6 $     209.8 $      138.2 $     381.3 $     224.7 $     216.1 $     207.1 $    219.3
Earnings per share ($)
Adjusted earnings per share(2)
 – Basic                                                                  $      0.84 $      0.88 $      0.86 $      0.87 $      0.95 $      0.91 $      0.87 $      0.91
 – Diluted                                                                       0.84        0.88        0.86        0.87        0.94        0.91        0.87        0.91
Earnings per share
 – Basic                                                                         1.76        0.88        0.58        1.60        0.95        0.91        0.87        0.91
 – Diluted                                                                       1.76        0.88        0.58        1.60        0.94        0.91        0.87        0.91
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                              238,156     238,550     238,631     238,424     237,958     237,808     239,242     241,251




                                                                                                                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Average AUM&A(3) ($ billions)
 Investment fund AUM                                                      $    164.0 $      165.7 $     165.4 $    164.2 $      158.6 $     159.5 $    164.3 $     173.7


                                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C
 Total AUM                                                                     219.2        221.5       221.8      220.2        213.1       213.8       221.4      234.2
 AUM&A                                                                         232.1        233.7       233.6       231.6      222.6       222.4       229.4        242.1
Ending AUM&A(3) ($ billions)
 Investment fund AUM                                                      $    169.5 $      160.9 $     166.3 $     165.6 $     158.9 $     153.0 $     155.5 $    173.3
 Total AUM                                                                     226.6        215.2       222.6      222.3        213.6      205.3       209.6       233.1
 AUM&A                                                                         240.2        227.4       234.7       234.1      224.2        214.1       217.7      241.2
 Ending AUM&A Including SI(3) ($ billions)                                $    389.4 $      372.9 $     375.2 $     349.1 $    288.3 $      277.3 $     279.9 $ 300.3
(1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
(2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(3) As detailed in AUM&A definitions, AUM, AUA and AUM&A exclude IPC discontinued operations.



                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                           31
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            C  15
                                   Wealth Management
                                   The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                         administration and other related fees and depend largely
                                   Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller and                  on the level and composition of assets under management.
                                   Wealthsimple. Prior to the segment realignment in the fourth         • Other financial planning revenues are fees related
                                   quarter of 2023, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple were included            to providing clients other financial products including
                                   in the Strategic Investments and Other segment. Prior period           mortgages, insurance and banking products.
                                   comparative information has been restated to reflect the
                                                                                                        • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
                                   realigned segment.
                                                                                                          Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the
                                   The Wealth Management segment also included IPC, which was             segment’s equity investments.
                                   classified as discontinued operations and was sold in the fourth     Sub-advisory fees are paid between segments and to third
                                   quarter of 2023.
                                                                                                        parties for investment management services provided to our
                                   Wealth Management revenue consists of:                               investment products. Wealth Management is considered a

                                   • Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice to         client of the Asset Management segment and transfer pricing is
                                     clients including fees related to the distribution of products     based on values for similar sized asset management mandates.
                                     and depend largely on the level and composition of AUA.            Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
                                   • Product and program fees are related to the management             segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
                                     of investment products and include management,                     to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                                                                                        Income taxes are also reported in each segment.




                                   Review of the Business
                                   IG Wealth Management, founded in 1926, is a leading wealth           2023 Developments
                                   management company in Canada that focuses on providing
                                   comprehensive personal financial planning to Canadians               Rockefeller Capital Management
                                   through its advisors by offering a broad range of financial
                                                                                                        On April 3, 2023, IGM Financial acquired a 20.5% equity
                                   products and services.
                                                                                                        interest in Rockefeller for cash consideration of $835 million
                                   Rockefeller, founded in 2018, is a leading U.S. independent          (USD $622 million).
                                   financial services advisory firm focused on the high-net-worth
                                   and ultra-high-net-worth segments. Rockefeller’s goal is to          Investment Planning Counsel
                                   be a premier advisory firm that redefines and elevates the
                                                                                                        On November 30, 2023, IGM Financial completed the sale of 100%
                                   financial services experience to empower individuals, families,
                                                                                                        of the common shares of IPC.
                                   institutions and corporations to realize their aspirations and
                                   achieve their most important goals.                                  In accordance with IFRS 5 – Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and
                                                                                                        Discontinued Operations, the operating results and cash flows of
                                   Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest
                                                                                                        IPC have been classified as discontinued operations within the
                                   growing financial services companies and provides simple digital




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                        Wealth Management segment. As a result, the operating results
                                   tools for growing and managing your money. Wealthsimple’s
                                                                                                        of IPC included within the Wealth Management segment Table 11
                                   mission is to help everyone achieve financial freedom.

PART C
                                                                                                        – Operating Results – Wealth Management have been classified as
                                                                                                        discontinued operations and are shown as a separate line item
                                                                                                        for all periods under review.




                              32 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  16                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
IG Wealth Management Developments                                                 over $1 million, which are referred to as high net worth, and
                                                                                  another 22% reside with households with between $100,000
nesto
                                                                                  and $1 million, which are referred to as mass affluent. These
IG Wealth Management and nesto Inc. (nesto) entered into
                                                                                  segments tend to have more complicated financial needs, and
a strategic agreement in the fourth quarter of 2022 to have
                                                                                  IG Wealth Management’s focus on providing comprehensive
nesto provide next generation white label mortgage services
                                                                                  financial planning solutions positions it well to compete and
to IG Wealth Management clients across Canada through its
                                                                                  grow in these segments.
Mortgage Cloud solution. The initiative is part of IG Wealth
Management’s ongoing strategy to transform its business and
follows the firm’s modernization of its investment management                     Strategy
and financial planning platforms.                                                 Our goal is to help Canadians achieve financial well-being
                                                                                  through better planning as Canada’s top financial planning firm.
IG Private Company Advisory
In the third quarter of 2023, IG Wealth Management introduced                     We strive to meet our strategic mandate by:
IG Private Company Advisory to provide comprehensive                              1) Focusing on key mass affluent and high net worth segments
advice to Canadian small to medium-sized business owners to                       by aligning our capabilities to industry wealth drivers.
support their succession plans. IG Private Company Advisory’s                     2) Utilizing a segmented advice model to align our best-
dedicated team works with IG Wealth Management clients and                          in-class advice with Canadians’ financial planning needs
provides advice in areas related to their business, including                       and complexities.
growth strategy, mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, and
                                                                                  3) Leveraging leading innovation to enhance client experience
raising capital.
                                                                                     and improve operational efficiencies.

IG Target Education Portfolios                                                    IG Wealth Management has a client-centric strategy with
The Company introduced the IG Target Education Portfolios                         a focus on high net worth (HNW) and mass affluent client
that will invest in an asset mix that automatically evolves based                 segments, which we define as households with over $1 million
on when a child is expected to begin their post-secondary                         and between $100 thousand and $1 million, respectively.
studies, shifting from a focus on maximizing growth in early
                                                                                  IG Wealth Management is committed to increasing the financial
years to keep up with rising costs of education to focus on
                                                                                  confidence of all Canadians by leveraging our people, expertise
income and capital preservations as the target education date
                                                                                  and resources because we believe it will help create stronger
approaches. The IG Target Education Portfolios are designed
                                                                                  communities and a better future for all.
to work in Registered Education Savings Plan accounts, which
provide the benefits of the Canadian Savings Grant, tax-free                      We believe that Canadians deserve a high standard of advice
growth and tax efficient education funding not available                          that takes into consideration all dimensions of their financial lives
through traditional savings account.                                              with financial plans tailored to meet and adapt to their needs.

                                                                                  We focus on providing comprehensive financial advice and
IG Wealth Management                                                              well-constructed investment solutions designed to deliver
                                                                                  returns and risks that take into account each client’s needs
IG Wealth Management is one of the largest independent
                                                                                  and requirements.
financial planning firms in Canada, with advisors in every
community from coast to coast. We are driven by our mission
to inspire financial confidence that can transform the lives of                   Financial Advice
our clients and their families and we are deeply committed to                     Our advisors focus on providing financial advice which is the
improving financial literacy in the communities where we work                     value of all efforts that sit outside the investment portfolio
and live.                                                                         construction. This includes the value that an advisor adds to




                                                                                                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Our exclusive network is comprised of 3,139 advisors. IG Wealth                   a client relationship and comes from the creation and follow
Management clients are more than one million individuals,                         through of a well-constructed financial plan.


                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C
families and business owners.
                                                                                  Advisors
Canadians hold $6.2 trillion in discretionary financial assets                    IG Wealth Management has a national distribution network of
with financial institutions at December 31, 2022, based on                        more than 3,000 advisors in communities throughout Canada.
the most recent report from Investor Economics, and we                            Our advisory services are most suited to individuals with
view these savings as IG Wealth Management’s addressable                          complicated financial needs.
market. 75% of these savings are held by households with




                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                33
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C  17
                                   IG Wealth Management provides advice through two                    • 251 new advisors (333 at December 31, 2022), which are
                                   primary channels:                                                     those advisors with less than four years of experience.
                                   • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are focused         • 1,188 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,161 at
                                     on households with more complex needs which are in the              December 31, 2022). Associates are licensed team members
                                     high net worth and mass affluent segments of the market by          of advisor practices who provide financial planning services
                                     focusing on households with greater than $250,000 of assets.        and advice to the clientele served by the team.
                                   • IG Wealth Management’s corporate channel is focused on            • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network of 3,139
                                     households with less complex requirements and consists of           (3,235 at December 31, 2022).
                                     employee advisors in two streams:
                                                                                                       IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as a key
                                     - Employee dedicated advisors focused on mass affluent            performance measure in evaluating its advisor network. The
                                       households with assets from $100,000 to $250,000 of assets.
                                                                                                       productivity is measured based on gross inflows per advisor
                                     - Employee pooled advisors focused on mass market                 and is monitored for both advisor recruits with less than
                                       households with assets less than $100,000.                      4 years experience and advisor practices with greater than
                                   Our entrepreneurial advisor network creates a competitive           4 years experience.

                                   advantage and drives client engagement with a focus on              • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.7 million per
                                   comprehensive financial planning and product solutions. Our           advisor, unchanged from the comparative period of 2022.
                                   advantage is further enabled by hiring top quality advisors,        • The advisor practice gross inflows were $1.6 million per practice
                                   increasing proficiency, improving technology, implementing a          compared to $1.5 million in the comparative period of 2022.
                                   client segmentation approach and enhancing a strong brand.
                                                                                                       Key initiatives that impact advisor productivity are:
                                   AUA consists of the following:                                      • Tightened recruiting standards that increased the likelihood
                                   • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million               of success while also enhancing our culture and brand.
                                     (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled $45.8 billion at     • Corporate advice channel that provides consistent service
                                     December 31, 2023, an increase of 21.6% from one year ago,          levels to clients with less complex needs and creates capacity
                                     and represented 38% of total AUA.                                   for advisors.
                                   • Clients with household assets between $100 thousand               • Product and pricing enhancements with a focus on the high
                                     and $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled          net worth and mass affluent segments.
                                     $66.3 billion at December 31, 2023, an increase of 4.2%
                                                                                                       • Continued technology enhancements such as the Advisor
                                     from one year ago, and represented 55% of total AUA.
                                                                                                         Desktop powered by Salesforce.
                                   • Clients with household assets less than $100 thousand             • IG Living PlanTM and other client experience enhancements.
                                     (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $9.1 billion at
                                                                                                       • Digital application to deliver tailored client investment
                                     December 31, 2023, a decrease of 4.4% from one year ago,
                                                                                                         proposals (powered by CapIntel).
                                     and represented 7% of total AUA.
                                                                                                       We also support advisors and clients through our network of
                                   IG Wealth Management advisor practices are industry leaders
                                                                                                       product and planning specialists, who assist in the areas of
                                   in holding a credentialed financial planning designation. These
                                                                                                       advanced financial planning, insurance, and securities. Effective
                                   designations are nationally recognized financial planning
                                                                                                       the first quarter of 2023 as part of the strategic mortgage
                                   qualifications that require an individual to demonstrate
                                                                                                       partnership, we have engaged nesto to provide mortgage
                                   financial planning competence through education, standardized
                                                                                                       planning assistance to clients. These specialists help to ensure
                                   examinations, continuing education requirements, and
                                                                                                       that we are providing comprehensive financial planning across
                                   accountability to ethical standards.
                                                                                                       all elements of a client’s financial life. Clients are served by
                                   The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth                 our mutual fund licensed and securities licensed advisors




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Management advisor network into its significant components          and specialists.
                                   at December 31, 2023:
                                                                                                       Client Experiences

PART C
                                   • 1,700 advisor practices (1,741 at December 31, 2022), which
                                     reflect advisors with more than four years of experience.         IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from our competition
                                     These practices may include associates as described               by offering comprehensive planning to our clients that
                                     below. The level and productivity of advisor practices is a       synchronize every aspect of their financial life. IG Wealth
                                     key measurement of our business as they serve clientele           Management serves approximately one million clients located in
                                     representing approximately 96% of AUM.                            communities throughout Canada. A primary focus is on advising
                                                                                                       and attracting high net worth and mass affluent clients.




                              34 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  18                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
For the distinct needs of the high net worth market, IG Private                    Goodman & Company, PanAgora Asset Management, PIMCO
Wealth Management focuses on industry wealth drivers including                     Canada Corp., Northleaf Capital Partners (Canada), BristolGate
tax planning and optimization, retirement readiness, wealth                        Capital Partners, Aristotle Capital Boston, Putnam Investments
transfer and estate planning, small and medium enterprise                          Canada, Franklin Templeton Investment Management, Wellington
monetization, high net worth financial literacy and philanthropy                   Management Canada, Rockefeller & Co., JPMorgan Asset
and legacy planning.                                                               Management (Canada), BlackRock Asset Management Canada,
                                                                                   ClearBridge Investments, 1832 Asset Management (Dynamic),
IG Living Plan™ allows clients to collaborate with an IG Wealth
                                                                                   American Century Investment Management, and ChinaAMC.
Management advisor through an enhanced digital experience
to develop and track a financial plan which is unique to each                      We provide clients with an extensive suite of well-constructed
client’s goals.                                                                    and competitively priced financial solutions that incorporate
                                                                                   public and private market investments as well as alternative
IG Wealth Management has a full range of products that allow
                                                                                   investment strategies. We regularly enhance the scope and
us to provide a tailored IG Living Plan that evolves over time.
                                                                                   diversity of our investment offering with new funds and
These products include:
                                                                                   product changes that enable clients to achieve their goals.
• Powerful financial solutions that include investment                             We believe that well-constructed managed solutions provide
  vehicles, focusing on managed solutions, that match                              advisors with the best opportunity to focus on providing
  risk and investment performance to each client’s needs                           financial advice to their clients.
  and requirements.
                                                                                   IG Wealth Management was once again recognized for industry
• Insurance products that include a variety of policy types
                                                                                   leading performance during 2023 by winning ten Fundata
  from the leading insurers in Canada.
                                                                                   FundGrade A+ awards for its investment solutions. This award is
• Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part of
                                                                                   presented annually and honours funds that achieve consistently
  a comprehensive financial plan.
                                                                                   high FundGrade scores throughout the calendar year.
The Charitable Giving Program is a donor-advised giving
                                                                                   We provide portfolio construction with investment solutions that
program which enables Canadians to make donations and
                                                                                   include public markets, private markets, and alternative strategies.
build an enduring charitable giving legacy with considerably
less expense and complexity than setting up and administering                      Our investment solutions include:
their own private foundation.                                                      • Managed solutions that rebalance investments to ensure
                                                                                     that a chosen mix of investments and risk and return is
The IG Advisory Account (IGAA) is a fee-based account that
                                                                                     maintained. These solutions include IG Core Portfolios,
improves client experience by offering the ability to simplify
                                                                                     IG Managed Growth Portfolios, IG Managed Payout
and consolidate selected investments into a single account
                                                                                     Portfolios, Investors Portfolios, IG Climate Action Portfolios,
while providing all our clients with a transparent advisory fee.
                                                                                     IG U.S. Taxpayer Portfolios, IG Target Education Portfolios,
IGAA increases fee transparency and can hold most securities
                                                                                     and IG Managed Risk Portfolios.
and investment products available in the marketplace to
individual investors.                                                              • iProfile™ Portfolios – iProfile Portfolios are a suite of
                                                                                     six managed solutions that provide comprehensive
                                                                                     diversification and are designed to suit personal preferences
Financial Solutions
                                                                                     for risk tolerance and investment goals. These portfolios
IG Wealth Management strives to achieve expected                                     provide exposure similar to the investments of the iProfile
investment returns for the lowest possible risk focusing on                          Private Pools.
managed solutions that create value for clients through active
                                                                                   • iProfile™ Private Discretionary Portfolios – iProfile Private
management. To do this, we select and engage high-quality
                                                                                     Discretionary Portfolios are model portfolios comprised
sub-advisors so our clients have access to a diverse range of
                                                                                     of iProfile Private Pools, available for households with




                                                                                                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC.
investment products and solutions. Each asset manager is
                                                                                     investments held at IG Wealth Management in excess of
selected through a proven and rigorous process. We oversee
                                                                                     $250,000. iProfile Private Discretionary Portfolios have


                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C
all sub-advisors to ensure that their activities are consistent
                                                                                     been designed to deliver strong risk-adjusted returns by
with their investment philosophies and with the investment
                                                                                     diversifying across asset classes, management styles and
objectives and strategies of the products they advise.
                                                                                     geographic regions. The portfolios include discretionary
Our investment solutions leverage top global asset manager                           model portfolios and iProfile Private Pools to support the
relationships including Mackenzie Investments and other world                        models: four iProfile Active Allocation Private Pools, iProfile
class investment firms such as Fidelity Investments Canada,                          Alternatives Private Pool with mandates including global
T. Rowe Price (Canada), Sagard Credit Partners, Portage, Beutel                      macro and global equity hedge strategies, iProfile ETF Private




                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  35
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     C  19
                                     Pool providing exposure through exchange traded funds              Other Products and Services
                                     (ETF) and iProfile Low Volatility Private Pool with Canadian,
                                                                                                        Segregated Funds
                                     U.S., International and Emerging Market geographic coverage,
                                                                                                        IG Wealth Management offers segregated funds which include
                                     Emerging Markets Private Pool, Fixed Income Private Pool,
                                                                                                        the IG Series of Guaranteed Investment Funds (GIFs). Select
                                     Canadian Equity Private Pool, U.S. Equity Private Pool and
                                                                                                        GIF policies allow for a Lifetime Income Benefit (LIB) option to
                                     International Equity Private Pool.
                                                                                                        provide guaranteed retirement income for life. The investment
                                   • A deep and broad selection of mutual funds, diversified by
                                                                                                        components of these segregated funds are managed by IG
                                     manager, asset category, investment style, geography, market
                                                                                                        Wealth Management. At December 31, 2023, total segregated
                                     capitalization and sector.
                                                                                                        fund assets were $1.2 billion, compared to $1.3 billion at
                                   • Segregated funds that provide for long-term investment             December 31, 2022.
                                     growth potential combined with risk management, benefit
                                     guarantee features and estate planning efficiencies.               Insurance
                                   • Separately managed accounts (discretionary dealer-managed          IG Wealth Management distributes life insurance in Canada
                                     accounts).                                                         through its arrangements with leading insurance companies,
                                                                                                        and offers a broad range of term, universal life, whole life,
                                   We have incorporated investments in private assets with the
                                                                                                        disability, critical illness, long-term care, personal health care
                                   introduction of a Private Credit Mandate in the iProfile Fixed
                                                                                                        coverage and group insurance.
                                   Income Private Pool. The pool has committed to four Northleaf
                                   Capital Partners’ private credit investments that focus on loans     At December 31, 2023, total in-force policies were approximately
                                   to middle market companies in North America and Europe,              374 thousand with an insured value of $105 billion, compared to
                                   as well as to investments managed by BlackRock, PIMCO and            approximately 377 thousand with an insured value of $103 billion
                                   Sagard. Private Investment Mandates are also included in both        at December 31, 2022. Distribution of insurance products is
                                   the iProfile Canadian Equity Private Pool and the iProfile U.S.      enhanced through IG Wealth Management’s Insurance Planning
                                   Equity Private Pool. Both of these mandates intend to provide        Specialists, located throughout Canada, who assist advisors with
                                   investors with enhanced diversification and long-term capital        advanced estate planning solutions for high net worth clients.
                                   appreciation through exposure to investments in privately held
                                   companies. The iProfile Canadian Equity Private Pool has made        Securities Operations
                                   commitments to Northleaf Growth Fund, Northleaf Venture              Investors Group Securities Inc. is an investment dealer
                                   Catalyst III Fund, a custom Northleaf IG Canadian Private Equity     registered in all Canadian provinces and territories providing
                                   Fund, as well as a fund managed by Sagard. The iProfile U.S.         clients with securities services to complement their financial
                                   Equity Private Pool has made commitments to the Northleaf            and investment planning. IG Wealth Management advisors can
                                   Capital Opportunities Fund, Northleaf Private Equity Investors       refer clients to one of our Wealth Specialists available through
                                   VIII Fund, Northleaf Secondary Partners III Fund, as well as to      Investors Group Securities Inc.
                                   investments managed by BlackRock and Portage. In the fourth
                                   quarter of 2023, the iProfile International Equity Private Pool      Mortgage Banking Operations
                                   made commitments to the Northleaf IG European Private                Mortgages are offered to clients by IG Wealth Management.
                                   Equity Fund.                                                         Licensed mortgage brokers are located throughout each
                                                                                                        province in Canada, and work with our clients and their
                                   IG Wealth Management monitors its investment performance
                                                                                                        advisors to develop mortgage and lending strategies that meet
                                   by comparing to certain benchmarks. Morningstar † fund
                                                                                                        the individual needs and goals of each client as part of their
                                   ranking service is one of the rankings monitored when
                                                                                                        comprehensive financial plan.
                                   determining fund performance.
                                                                                                        Mortgage fundings offered through IG Wealth Management
                                   At December 31, 2023, 92.2% of IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                        for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2023
                                   mutual fund assets had a rating of three stars or better from




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                        were $188 million and $783 million compared to $121 million
                                   Morningstar † fund ranking service and 58.7% had a rating of
                                                                                                        and $694 million in 2022, an increase of 55.3% and 12.9%,
                                   four or five stars. This compared to the Morningstar † universe

PART C
                                                                                                        respectively. At December 31, 2023, mortgages serviced
                                   of 86.8% for three stars or better and 50.2% for four and five
                                                                                                        totalled $6.8 billion, compared to $6.9 billion at December 31,
                                   star funds at December 31, 2023. Morningstar Ratings† are an
                                                                                                        2022, a decrease of 1.4%.
                                   objective, quantitative measure of a fund’s three, five and ten
                                   year risk-adjusted performance relative to comparable funds.         Private Company Advisory
                                                                                                        Private Company Advisory is a comprehensive service to
                                                                                                        business owners in the small to midsize segment that provides




                              36 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  20                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 9: Change in AUA – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                               Change
Three months ended                                                                                   2023             2023            2022           2023        2022
($ millions)                                                                                       Dec. 31          Sep. 30         Dec. 31        Sep. 30     Dec. 31

Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
 IG gross client inflows                                                                      $     3,089     $      3,103     $     3,031            (0.5)%      1.9 %
 IG gross client outflows                                                                           3,317            3,120           2,602            6.3        27.5
 Net flows                                                                                           (228)             (17)            429           N/M         N/M
 Investment returns                                                                                 7,247           (2,593)          5,358           N/M         35.3
 Net change in assets                                                                               7,019           (2,610)          5,787           N/M         21.3
 Beginning assets                                                                                 114,204          116,814         105,029            (2.2)       8.7
 Ending AUA                                                                                   $ 121,223       $ 114,204        $ 110,816              6.1 %       9.4 %
Strategic investments ending AUA
 Rockefeller                                                                                  $    33,061     $    30,991      $         –            6.7 %      N/M %
 Wealthsimple                                                                                       7,657            6,051           4,447           26.5        72.2
 Intra-segment eliminations                                                                             (6)              (4)             –          (50.0)       N/M
                                                                                              $    40,712     $    37,038      $     4,447            9.9 %      N/M %
Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments(1)                                    $ 161,935       $ 151,242        $ 115,263               7.1 %     40.5 %
Daily average AUA
 IG Wealth Management                                                                         $ 117,090       $ 116,921        $ 109,638              0.1 %       6.8 %

Twelve months ended                                                                                                                   2023           2022
($ millions)                                                                                                                        Dec. 31        Dec. 31     Change

Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
 IG gross client inflows                                                                                                       $    12,650    $   12,872          (1.7)%
 IG gross client outflows                                                                                                           12,815         10,182        25.9
 Net flows                                                                                                                            (165)         2,690        N/M
 Investment returns                                                                                                                 10,572        (11,431)       N/M
 Net change in assets                                                                                                               10,407         (8,741)       N/M
 Beginning assets                                                                                                                  110,816        119,557         (7.3)
 Ending AUA(1)                                                                                                                 $ 121,223      $ 110,816           9.4 %
Daily average AUA
 IG Wealth Management                                                                                                          $ 116,188      $ 111,271           4.4 %
(1) Q3 2023 and Q4 2022 exclude discontinued operations of IPC of $30.3 billion and $29.5 billion, respectively.




advice on debt and equity financing, business valuation                                    inflows, client outflows and investment returns. AUA represents
and succession.                                                                            savings and investment products, including AUM where we
                                                                                           provide investment management services, that are held within
                                                                                           our clients’ accounts. Advisory fees are charged based on
Wealth Management AUM and AUA
                                                                                           an annual percentage of substantially all AUA, through the
AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the Wealth                                  IG Advisory Account fee, and represent the majority of the
Management segment and are detailed in Tables 9 and 10.                                    fees earned from our clients. Our entrepreneurial advisors’
                                                                                           compensation is also based on AUA and net assets contributed




                                                                                                                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Wealth Management AUA including strategic investments were
                                                                                           by our clients.
$161.9 billion at December 31, 2023, compared to $115.3 billion


                                                                                                                                                                                                     PART C
at December 31, 2022. Strategic investments AUA is based                                   At December 31, 2023, Rockefeller’s client assets were USD
on the Company’s direct and indirect ownership interest in                                 $122.1 billion ($161.6 billion). IGM Financial acquired a 20.5%
these companies.                                                                           interest in Rockefeller during the second quarter of 2023.

IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $121.2 billion at                                          At December 31, 2023, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $31.0 billion
December 31, 2023, an increase of 9.4% from December 31,                                   compared to $18.3 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of
2022. The level of AUA are influenced by three factors: client




                                                       Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                        37
                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          C  21
                                   Table 10: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                   Change
                                   Three months ended                                                                 2023             2023               2022           2023        2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                     Dec. 31          Sep. 30            Dec. 31        Sep. 30     Dec. 31

                                   Sales                                                                       $     2,628      $     2,687      $       2,125            (2.2)%     23.7 %
                                   Redemptions                                                                       3,680            3,107              2,843           18.4        29.4
                                   Net sales (redemptions)                                                          (1,052)            (420)              (718)        (150.5)      (46.5)
                                   Investment returns                                                                6,742           (2,396)             4,533           N/M         48.7
                                   Net change in assets                                                              5,690           (2,816)             3,815           N/M         49.1
                                   Beginning assets                                                                101,945          104,761             95,460            (2.7)       6.8
                                   Ending assets                                                               $ 107,635        $ 101,945        $      99,275            5.6 %       8.4 %
                                   Daily average AUM                                                           $ 104,198        $ 104,726        $      99,208            (0.5)%      5.0 %

                                   Twelve months ended                                                                                                    2023           2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                                         Dec. 31        Dec. 31     Change

                                   Sales                                                                                                         $      10,917    $   10,587          3.1 %
                                   Redemptions                                                                                                          13,171        10,544         24.9
                                   Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                              (2,254)            43        N/M
                                   Investment returns                                                                                                   10,614        (11,309)       N/M
                                   Net change in assets                                                                                                  8,360        (11,266)       N/M
                                   Beginning assets                                                                                                     99,275        110,541       (10.2)
                                   Ending assets                                                                                                 $ 107,635        $   99,275          8.4 %
                                   Daily average AUM                                                                                             $ 104,121        $ 101,859           2.2 %




                                   69.4%. IGM Financial holds a 24.7% interest in Wealthsimple at         Changes in mutual fund AUM for the periods under review are
                                   December 31, 2023, compared to 24.3% at December 31, 2022.             reflected in Table 10.

                                                                                                          At December 31, 2023, $87.0 billion, or 82% of IG Wealth
                                   IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA                                       Management’s mutual fund AUM, were in products with
                                   For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, gross client inflows          unbundled fee structures, up 13.4% from $76.7 billion at
                                   of IG Wealth Management AUA were $3.1 billion, an increase             December 31, 2022 which represented 77% of AUM.
                                   of 1.9% from $3.0 billion in the comparable period in 2022.
                                   For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, gross inflows from            Change in AUM&A – 2023 vs. 2022
                                   newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million of assets           IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $121.2 billion at
                                   accounted for 25.4% of all newly acquired client inflows. Net          December 31, 2023, an increase of 9.4% from $110.8 billion
                                   client outflows were $228 million compared to net client inflows       at December 31, 2022. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund
                                   of $429 million in the comparable period in 2022. During the           AUM were $107.6 billion at December 31, 2023, representing
                                   fourth quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase of          an increase of 8.4% from $99.3 billion at December 31, 2022.
                                   $7.2 billion in AUA compared to an increase of $5.4 billion in the     Average daily mutual fund assets were $104.2 billion in the
                                   fourth quarter of 2022.                                                fourth quarter of 2023, up 5.0% from $99.2 billion in the
                                                                                                          fourth quarter of 2022. Average daily mutual fund assets were
                                   Gross client inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were                  $104.1 billion for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023,
                                   $12.7 billion for the twelve months ended December 31,                 an increase of 2.2% from $101.9 billion in 2022.
                                   2023, and represented a decrease of 1.7% from $12.9 billion




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   in the comparable period in 2022. For the twelve months                For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, sales of IG Wealth
                                   ended December 31, 2023, gross inflows from newly acquired             Management mutual funds through its advisor network were


PART C
                                   clients with more than $1.0 million of assets accounted for            $2.6 billion, an increase of 23.7% from the comparable period in
                                   25.5% of all newly acquired client inflows. Net client outflows        2022. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $3.7 billion, an increase
                                   were $165 million in the twelve month period, a decrease               of 29.4% from 2022. IG Wealth Management mutual fund net
                                   of $2.9 billion from net client inflows of $2.7 billion in the         redemptions for the fourth quarter of 2023 were $1.1 billion
                                   comparable period in 2022. During 2023, investment returns             compared with net redemptions of $718 million in 2022. During
                                   resulted in an increase of $10.6 billion in AUA compared to a          the fourth quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase
                                   decrease of $11.4 billion in 2022.




                              38 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  22                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
of $6.7 billion in mutual fund assets compared to an increase of                 Change in AUM&A – Q4 2023 vs. Q3 2023
$4.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022.                                      IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $121.2 billion at
                                                                                 December 31, 2023, an increase of 6.1% from $114.2 billion at
IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly redemption
                                                                                 September 30, 2023. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund
rate for long-term funds was 13.4% in the fourth quarter
                                                                                 AUM were $107.6 billion at December 31, 2023, an increase of
of 2023, compared to 11.0% in the fourth quarter of 2022.
                                                                                 5.6% from $101.9 billion at September 30, 2023. Average daily
IG Wealth Management’s twelve month trailing redemption
                                                                                 mutual fund assets were $104.2 billion in the fourth quarter of
rate for long-term funds was 12.2% at December 31, 2023,
                                                                                 2023 compared to $104.7 billion in the third quarter of 2023, a
compared to 10.0% at December 31, 2022, and remains well
                                                                                 decrease of 0.5%.
below the corresponding average redemption rate for all other
members of the Investment Funds Institute of Canada (IFIC) of                    For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, sales of IG Wealth
approximately 15.8% at December 31, 2023.                                        Management mutual funds through its advisor network were
                                                                                 $2.6 billion, a decrease of 2.2% from the third quarter of
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, sales of IG
                                                                                 2023. Mutual fund redemptions totalled $3.7 billion for the
Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor network
                                                                                 fourth quarter, increased 18.4% from the previous quarter,
were $10.9 billion, an increase of 3.1% from 2022. Mutual fund
                                                                                 and the annualized quarterly redemption rate was 13.4% in
redemptions totalled $13.2 billion, an increase of 24.9% from
                                                                                 the fourth quarter compared to 11.4% in the third quarter of
2022. Net redemptions of IG Wealth Management mutual funds
                                                                                 2023. IG Wealth Management mutual fund net redemptions
were $2.3 billion compared with net sales of $43 million in
                                                                                 were $1.1 billion for the current quarter compared to net
2022. During 2023, investment returns resulted in an increase
                                                                                 redemptions of $420 million in the previous quarter.
of $10.6 billion in mutual fund assets compared to a decrease
of $11.3 billion in 2022.




                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                             PART C




                                             Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                          39
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             C  23
                                   Review of Segment Operating Results
                                   The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net earnings are                              IG Wealth Management
                                   presented in Table 11 and include the operations of IG Wealth
                                                                                                                          IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are presented
                                   Management, earnings related to strategic investments and IPC.
                                                                                                                          within Table 12. Adjusted net earnings for the fourth quarter of
                                   As a result of the sale of IPC announced on April 3, 2023,                             2023 were $101.7 million, a decrease of 2.8% from the fourth
                                   the operating results of IPC included within the Wealth                                quarter in 2022 and a decrease of 10.2% from the prior quarter.
                                   Management segment have been classified as discontinued                                Adjusted net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2023
                                   operations and are shown as a separate line item in Table 11                           were $432.4 million, a decrease of 1.1% from 2022.
                                   for all periods under review.
                                                                                                                          Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the fourth
                                                                                                                          quarter of 2023 were $164.3 million, a decrease of 0.7% from
                                                                                                                          the fourth quarter in 2022 and a decrease of 9.0% from the



                                   Table 11: Operating Results – Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Change
                                   Three months ended                                                                                        2023           2023              2022       2023        2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                            Dec. 31        Sep. 30           Dec. 31    Sep. 30     Dec. 31

                                   Revenues
                                    Wealth Management
                                      Advisory fees                                                                                    $    301.3     $    300.9        $    283.1         0.1 %      6.4 %
                                      Product and program fees                                                                              224.0          225.5             214.7        (0.7)       4.3
                                                                                                                                            525.3          526.4             497.8        (0.2)       5.5
                                      Redemption fees                                                                                            –            0.1              0.6     (100.0)     (100.0)
                                      Other financial planning revenues                                                                      26.4           38.3              32.4       (31.1)     (18.5)
                                    Total Wealth Management                                                                                 551.7          564.8            530.8         (2.3)       3.9
                                    Net investment income and other                                                                            3.7            2.2              2.1       68.2        76.2
                                    Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                               (0.8)           0.7              (0.4)     N/M       (100.0)
                                                                                                                                            554.6          567.7             532.5        (2.3)       4.2
                                   Expenses
                                    Advisory and business development
                                      Asset-based compensation                                                                              145.6          148.0             140.3        (1.6)       3.8
                                      Sales-based compensation                                                                               24.3           23.6              20.4        3.0        19.1
                                      Other
                                       Other product commissions                                                                             18.7            17.2             16.8        8.7        11.3
                                       Business development                                                                                  43.8           45.5              39.7        (3.7)      10.3
                                                                                                                                             62.5           62.7              56.5        (0.3)      10.6
                                    Total advisory and business development                                                                 232.4          234.3             217.2        (0.8)        7.0
                                    Operations and support                                                                                  115.9          108.8             108.9        6.5         6.4
                                    Sub-advisory                                                                                             43.0           43.8              41.5        (1.8)       3.6
                                                                                                                                            391.3          386.9             367.6         1.1        6.4
                                   Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                           163.3          180.8             164.9        (9.7)       (1.0)
                                   Interest expense                                                                                          26.0           25.9              22.6        0.4        15.0




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                 137.3          154.9             142.3       (11.4)      (3.5)
                                   Income taxes                                                                                              36.6           41.2              38.2       (11.2)       (4.2)


PART C
                                   Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                         100.7          113.7             104.1       (11.4)       (3.3)
                                   Net earnings – discontinued operations(2)                                                                  3.5             4.5              3.5      (22.2)           –
                                   Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                 104.2          118.2             107.6       (11.8)       (3.2)
                                   Non-controlling interest                                                                                      –              –              0.2           –     (100.0)
                                   Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                           $    104.2     $    118.2        $    107.4       (11.8)%      (3.0)%

                                   (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                                   (2) IPC segment operating results.




                              40 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  24                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 11: Operating Results – Wealth Management (continued)

Twelve months ended                                                                                                               2023           2022
($ millions)                                                                                                                    Dec. 31        Dec. 31    Change

Revenues
 Wealth Management
   Advisory fees                                                                                                            $ 1,188.5      $ 1,140.4         4.2 %
   Product and program fees                                                                                                      890.5          875.1        1.8
                                                                                                                                2,079.0        2,015.5       3.2
   Redemption fees                                                                                                                  1.0            3.9     (74.4)
   Other financial planning revenues                                                                                             126.2          140.5      (10.2)
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                                        2,206.2        2,159.9       2.1
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                  13.3             2.4      N/M
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                       (3.3)          (0.4)     N/M
                                                                                                                                2,216.2        2,161.9       2.5
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
   Asset-based compensation                                                                                                      584.4          558.9        4.6
   Sales-based compensation                                                                                                       91.8            76.1      20.6
   Other
    Other product commissions                                                                                                     66.7           65.5        1.8
    Business development                                                                                                         179.8          182.2       (1.3)
                                                                                                                                 246.5          247.7       (0.5)
 Total advisory and business development                                                                                         922.7          882.7        4.5
 Operations and support                                                                                                          438.5          424.0        3.4
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                    172.4          169.1        2.0
                                                                                                                                1,533.6        1,475.8       3.9
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes     (1)
                                                                                                                                 682.6          686.1       (0.5)
Interest expense                                                                                                                  98.2           89.7        9.5
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                         584.4          596.4       (2.0)
Income taxes                                                                                                                     156.1          159.7       (2.3)
Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations(1)                                                                                 428.3          436.7       (1.9)
Net earnings – discontinued operations(2)                                                                                         15.0            11.3      32.7
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                         443.3          448.0       (1.0)
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                            0.2            0.2         –
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders               (1)
                                                                                                                            $    443.1     $    447.8       (1.0)%
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) IPC segment operating results.




prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes                                were $1,188.5 million, an increase of $48.1 million or 4.2% from
for the year ended December 31, 2023 were $686.9 million,                                 $1,140.4 million in 2022.
unchanged from 2022.
                                                                                          The increase in advisory fees in the three months ending
                                                                                          December 31, 2023 was primarily due to the increase in
2023 vs. 2022




                                                                                                                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                          average AUA of 6.8%, as shown in Table 9, partially offset by
Fee Income                                                                                a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The increase in advisory


                                                                                                                                                                                               PART C
Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice to                              fees in the twelve months ending December 31, 2023 was
clients including fees related to the distribution of products,                           primarily due to the increase in average AUA of 4.4%. The
and depend largely on the level and composition of AUA.                                   average advisory fee rate for the fourth quarter was 102.1 basis
Advisory fees were $301.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2023,                          points of average AUA compared to 102.4 basis points in 2022.
an increase of $18.2 million or 6.4% from $283.1 million in 2022.                         The average advisory fee rate for the twelve months ended
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, advisory fees                              December 31, 2023, was 102.3 basis points of average AUA,
                                                                                          compared to 102.5 basis points in 2022.




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                   41
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     C  25
                                   Table 12: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                             Change
                                   Three months ended                                                                                2023              2023               2022      2023       2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                    Dec. 31           Sep. 30            Dec. 31   Sep. 30    Dec. 31

                                   Revenues
                                    Wealth Management
                                      Advisory fees                                                                            $     301.3      $     300.9      $       283.1       0.1 %      6.4 %
                                      Product and program fees                                                                       224.0            225.5              214.7       (0.7)      4.3
                                                                                                                                     525.3            526.4              497.8       (0.2)      5.5
                                      Redemption fees                                                                                     –              0.1               0.6    (100.0)    (100.0)
                                      Other financial planning revenues                                                               26.4             38.3               32.4      (31.1)    (18.5)
                                    Total Wealth Management                                                                          551.7           564.8              530.8        (2.3)      3.9
                                    Net investment income and other                                                                     3.7              2.2               2.1      68.2       76.2
                                                                                                                                     555.4            567.0              532.9       (2.0)      4.2
                                   Expenses
                                    Advisory and business development
                                      Asset-based compensation                                                                       145.6            148.0              140.3       (1.6)      3.8
                                      Sales-based compensation                                                                        24.3             23.6               20.4       3.0       19.1
                                      Other
                                       Other product commissions                                                                      18.7             17.2               16.8       8.7       11.3
                                       Business development                                                                           43.8             45.5               39.7      (3.7)      10.3
                                                                                                                                      62.5             62.7               56.5       (0.3)     10.6
                                    Total advisory and business development                                                          232.4           234.3               217.2       (0.8)       7.0
                                    Operations and support                                                                           115.7            108.4              108.8       6.7        6.3
                                    Sub-advisory                                                                                      43.0             43.8               41.5       (1.8)      3.6
                                                                                                                                     391.1            386.5              367.5       1.2        6.4
                                   Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                    164.3            180.5              165.4       (9.0)      (0.7)
                                   Interest expense                                                                                   26.0             25.9               22.6       0.4       15.0
                                   Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                          138.3            154.6              142.8     (10.5)       (3.2)
                                   Income taxes                                                                                       36.6             41.3               38.2      (11.4)      (4.2)
                                   Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                    $     101.7      $     113.3      $       104.6     (10.2)%      (2.8)%

                                   (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                   Product and program fees depend largely on the level and                               Other financial planning revenues of $26.4 million for the fourth
                                   composition of mutual fund AUM. Product and program                                    quarter of 2023 decreased by $6.0 million from $32.4 million
                                   fees totalled $224.0 million in the current quarter, up 4.3%                           in 2022. For the twelve month period, other financial planning
                                   from $214.7 million a year ago primarily due to the increase                           revenues of $126.2 million decreased by $14.3 million from
                                   in average AUM of 5.0%, as shown in Table 10. Product and                              $140.5 million in 2022.The change for both the three and
                                   program fees were $890.5 million for the twelve month period                           twelve month periods was primarily due to lower earnings
                                   ended December 31, 2023 compared to $875.1 million in 2022,                            from the mortgage banking operations and lower revenues
                                   an increase of 1.8% primarily due to an increase in average                            from the distribution of banking products partially offset by
                                   AUM of 2.2%. The average product and program fee rate for                              higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products.
                                   the three and twelve month periods ending December 31, 2023                            The lower earnings in both periods from the mortgage banking




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   were 85.5 and 85.7 basis points of AUM, respectively, compared                         operations are due to fair value adjustments and net margins
                                   to 85.9 for both comparable periods in 2022.                                           caused by the current interest rate environment.


PART C
                                   Other financial planning revenues are primarily earned from:                           A summary of mortgage banking operations for the three and
                                   • Mortgage banking operations                                                          twelve month periods under review is presented in Table 13.

                                   • Distribution of insurance products through I.G. Insurance
                                                                                                                          Net Investment Income and Other
                                     Services Inc.
                                                                                                                          Net investment income and other consists of unrealized gains
                                   • Securities trading services provided through Investors Group
                                                                                                                          or losses on investments in proprietary funds in the three and
                                     Securities Inc.




                              42 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  26                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 12: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management (continued)

Twelve months ended                                                                                                              2023           2022
($ millions)                                                                                                                    Dec.31        Dec. 31   Change

Revenues
 Wealth Management
   Advisory fees                                                                                                            $ 1,188.5     $   1,140.4      4.2 %
   Product and program fees                                                                                                      890.5         875.1       1.8
                                                                                                                                2,079.0       2,015.5      3.2
   Redemption fees                                                                                                                  1.0           3.9    (74.4)
   Other financial planning revenues                                                                                             126.2         140.5     (10.2)
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                                        2,206.2       2,159.9      2.1
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                  13.3            2.4     N/M
                                                                                                                                2,219.5       2,162.3      2.6
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
   Asset-based compensation                                                                                                      584.4         558.9       4.6
   Sales-based compensation                                                                                                       91.8           76.1     20.6
   Other
    Other product commissions                                                                                                     66.7          65.5       1.8
    Business development                                                                                                         179.8         182.2      (1.3)
                                                                                                                                 246.5         247.7      (0.5)
 Total advisory and business development                                                                                         922.7         882.7       4.5
 Operations and support                                                                                                          437.5         423.6       3.3
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                    172.4         169.1       2.0
                                                                                                                                1,532.6       1,475.4      3.9
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                   686.9         686.9         –
Interest expense                                                                                                                  98.2          89.7       9.5
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                         588.7         597.2      (1.4)
Income taxes                                                                                                                     156.3         159.8      (2.2)
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                    $    432.4    $    437.4       (1.1)%

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




twelve months ended December 31, 2023, and investment                                     $25.5 million for the three and twelve month periods ended
income earned on our cash and cash equivalents and securities                             December 31, 2023 to $145.6 million and $584.4 million,
and other income not related to our core business. It also                                respectively, compared to 2022. The increase for both the
includes a charge from the Corporate and Other segment for                                three and twelve month periods was primarily due to increases
the use of unallocated capital.                                                           in AUA, deferred selling commission units maturing and other
                                                                                          compensation changes.
Expenses
                                                                                          IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is based
IG Wealth Management incurs advisory and business
                                                                                          upon the level of new assets contributed to client accounts at
development expenses that include compensation paid to our
                                                                                          IG Wealth Management (subject to eligibility requirements).
advisors. The majority of these costs vary directly with asset or
                                                                                          All sales-based compensation payments are capitalized and




                                                                                                                                                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
sales levels. Also included are other distribution and business
                                                                                          amortized as they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client
development activities which do not vary directly with asset or
                                                                                          contract. Sales-based compensation was $24.3 million for

                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
sales levels, such as direct marketing and advertising, financial
                                                                                          the fourth quarter of 2023, an increase of $3.9 million from
planning specialist support and other costs incurred to support
                                                                                          $20.4 million in 2022. For the twelve month period, sales-
our advisor networks. These expenses tend to be discretionary
                                                                                          based compensation expense was $91.8 million, an increase
or vary based upon the number of advisors or clients.
                                                                                          of $15.7 million from $76.1 million in 2022.
Asset-based compensation fluctuates with the value of AUA.
                                                                                          Other advisory and business development expenses were
Asset-based compensation increased by $5.3 million and
                                                                                          $62.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  43
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C  27
                                   Table 13: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Change
                                   Three months ended                                                                                  2023              2023               2022           2023       2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                      Dec. 31           Sep. 30            Dec. 31        Sep. 30    Dec. 31

                                   Total mortgage banking income
                                    Net interest income on securitized loans
                                      Interest income                                                                            $      41.7      $      40.2      $        34.1            3.7 %      22.3 %
                                      Interest expense                                                                                  39.6             35.8               29.5           10.6        34.2
                                      Net interest income                                                                                 2.1              4.4               4.6          (52.3)      (54.3)
                                    Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                           (0.8)            (1.8)                 –          55.6        N/M
                                    Fair value adjustments                                                                               (9.2)             3.2               (5.7)         N/M        (61.4)
                                    Other                                                                                                 4.6              4.1               4.0           12.2        15.0
                                                                                                                                 $       (3.3)    $        9.9     $         2.9           N/M %       N/M %
                                   Average mortgages serviced
                                    Securitizations                                                                              $     4,694      $     4,613      $       4,567            1.8 %       2.8 %
                                    Other                                                                                              2,084            2,162              2,357            (3.6)     (11.6)
                                                                                                                                 $     6,778      $     6,775      $       6,924               –%       (2.1)%
                                   Mortgage sales to:(2)
                                    Securitizations                                                                              $       379      $       542      $         359          (30.1)%       5.6 %
                                    Other(1)                                                                                              38               82                   –         (53.7)       N/M
                                                                                                                                 $       417      $       624      $         359          (33.2)%      16.2 %

                                   Twelve months ended                                                                                                                      2023           2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                                                           Dec. 31        Dec. 31    Change

                                   Total mortgage banking income
                                    Net interest income on securitized loans
                                      Interest income                                                                                                              $       155.2     $    127.2        22.0 %
                                      Interest expense                                                                                                                     142.8          102.8        38.9
                                      Net interest income                                                                                                                   12.4           24.4       (49.2)
                                    Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                                              (3.6)          (3.5)       (2.9)
                                    Fair value adjustments                                                                                                                  (8.0)           (3.1)    (158.1)
                                    Other                                                                                                                                   14.6            8.2        78.0
                                                                                                                                                                   $        15.4     $     26.0       (40.8)%
                                   Average mortgages serviced
                                    Securitizations                                                                                                                $       4,630     $    4,708         (1.7)%
                                    Other                                                                                                                                  2,144         2,404        (10.8)
                                                                                                                                                                   $       6,774     $    7,112        (4.8)%
                                   Mortgage sales to:(2)
                                    Securitizations                                                                                                                $       1,327     $    1,281         3.6 %
                                    Other(1)                                                                                                                                 228           355        (35.8)
                                                                                                                                                                   $       1,555     $    1,636        (5.0)%
                                   (1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized
                                       on those sales.
                                   (2) Represents principal amounts sold.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
PART C




                              44 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  28                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
$56.5 million in 2022, an increase of $6.0 million. The increase                  in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to
was due to higher compensation paid on the distribution of                        the decrease in average AUM of 0.5%, as shown in Table 10. The
insurance products and timing of certain projects and other                       average product and program fee rate was 85.5 basis points in
expenses. Other advisory and business development expenses                        the current quarter, compared to 85.7 in the third quarter.
were $246.5 million in the twelve months ended December 31,
                                                                                  Other financial planning revenues of $26.4 million in the fourth
2023, a decrease of $1.2 million from $247.7 million in 2022.
                                                                                  quarter of 2023 decreased by $11.9 million from $38.3 million
Operations and support includes costs that support our wealth                     in the third quarter due to lower earnings from the mortgage
management and other general and administrative functions                         banking operations partially offset by higher revenues on
such as product management, technology and operations, as                         the distribution of insurance products. The lower earnings
well as other functional business units and corporate expenses.                   from the mortgage banking operations are due to fair value
Operations and support expenses were $115.7 million for the                       adjustments and net margins caused by the current interest
fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $108.8 million in 2022,                        rate environment.
an increase of $6.9 million. The increase in the fourth quarter
was due to the timing of projects and other expenses. For the                     Expenses
twelve month period, operations and support expenses were                         Advisory and business development expenses in the current
$437.5 million in 2023 compared to $423.6 million in 2022, an                     quarter were $232.4 million, a decrease of $1.9 million from
increase of $13.9 million or 3.3%.                                                $234.3 million in the previous quarter.

Sub-advisory expenses were $43.0 million for the fourth                           Operations and support expenses were $115.7 million for
quarter of 2023 compared to $41.5 million in 2022, an increase                    the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $108.4 million in the
of $1.5 million or 3.6%. For the twelve month period, sub-                        previous quarter primarily due to the timing of projects and
advisory expenses were $172.4 million in 2023 compared to                         seasonality of expenses.
$169.1 million in 2022, an increase of $3.3 million or 2.0%. The
change in both periods was primarily due to changes in AUM.
                                                                                  Wealth Management
Interest Expense                                                                  Strategic Investments
Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense                       Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
on long-term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled                        earnings are presented within Table 14. Adjusted net earnings
$26.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to                          for the fourth quarter of 2023 were ($1.0) million, compared
$22.6 million in 2022. For the twelve month period, interest                      to ($0.5) million in 2022 and $0.4 million in the prior quarter.
expense totalled $98.2 million compared to $89.7 million in                       Annual adjusted net earnings were ($4.1) million, compared to
2022. Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based on                      ($0.7) million in 2022.
an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-term debt to IG Wealth
Management. The allocation of debt increased to $1.95 billion
during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of the issuance
                                                                                  Investment Planning Counsel –
of long-term debt by IGM Financial. Previously, the allocation                    Discontinued Operations
was $1.7 billion.
                                                                                  2023 vs. 2022
Q4 2023 vs. Q3 2023                                                               Adjusted net earnings for IPC in 2023 reflect earnings up to
                                                                                  the date of sale of November 30. Adjusted net earnings for the
Fee Income
                                                                                  fourth quarter were comparable to that of the fourth quarter of
Advisory fee income increased by $0.4 million or 0.1% to                          2022 and for the year were $3.7 million higher compared to the
$301.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared with                        full year of 2022.
the third quarter of 2023. The increase in advisory fees in the




                                                                                                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC.
fourth quarter was primarily due to the increase in average
                                                                                  Q4 2023 vs. Q3 2023
AUA of 0.1% for the quarter, as shown in Table 9. The average

                                                                                                                                                                               PART C
advisory fee rate for the fourth quarter was 102.1 basis points                   Adjusted net earnings in the fourth quarter of 2023 related
of average AUM, unchanged from the third quarter.                                 to IPC were $1.0 million lower in the fourth quarter of 2023
                                                                                  compared to the prior quarter.
Product and program fees were $224.0 million in the fourth
quarter of 2023, a decrease of $1.5 million from $225.5 million




                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                           45
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              C  29
                                   Table 14: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                                   Three months ended                                                                                2023              2023               2022           2023       2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                    Dec. 31           Sep. 30            Dec. 31        Sep. 30    Dec. 31

                                   Revenues
                                    Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                      Rockefeller                                                                              $          –     $        1.2     $            –        (100.0)%        –%
                                      Other                                                                                            (0.8)            (0.5)              (0.4)        (60.0)    (100.0)
                                                                                                                                       (0.8)             0.7               (0.4)         N/M      (100.0)
                                   Expenses
                                    Operations and support                                                                              0.2              0.4               0.1          (50.0)     100.0
                                   Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                            (1.0)             0.3               (0.5)         N/M      (100.0)
                                   Income taxes                                                                                           –             (0.1)                 –         100.0          –
                                   Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                    $       (1.0)    $        0.4     $         (0.5)         N/M %    (100.0)%


                                   Twelve months ended                                                                                                                    2023           2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                                                         Dec. 31        Dec. 31    Change

                                   Revenues
                                    Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                      Rockefeller                                                                                                                $        (0.7)    $         –      N/M %
                                      Other                                                                                                                               (2.6)           (0.4)     N/M
                                                                                                                                                                          (3.3)           (0.4)     N/M
                                   Expenses
                                    Operations and support                                                                                                                 1.0            0.4      150.0
                                   Adjusted earnings before income taxes     (1)
                                                                                                                                                                          (4.3)           (0.8)     N/M
                                   Income taxes                                                                                                                           (0.2)           (0.1)   (100.0)
                                   Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                      $        (4.1)    $      (0.7)     N/M %
                                   (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
PART C




                              46 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  30                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Asset Management
The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                                    Management is considered a client of the Asset Management
Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC and                              segment and transfer pricing is based on values for similar
Northleaf. Prior to the segment realignment in the fourth                          sized asset management mandates.
quarter of 2023, ChinaAMC and Northleaf were included in                         • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
the Strategic Investments and Other segment. Prior period                          Company’s proportionate share of earnings from the equity
comparative information has been restated to reflect the                           investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
realigned segment.
                                                                                 Assets managed by Mackenzie for IG Wealth Management are
Asset Management revenue reflects:                                               included in the Asset Management segment’s AUM.
• Net asset management fees – third party includes fees
                                                                                 Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM Financial
  received from our investment funds and fees from third
                                                                                 segment based on management’s assessment of: i) capacity
  parties for investment management services. Compensation
                                                                                 to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
  paid to dealers offsets the fees earned.
                                                                                 Income taxes are also reported in each segment.
• Asset management fees – Wealth Management includes
  fees received from the Wealth Management segment. Wealth




Review of the Business
Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                          innovation and offering multi-asset investment solutions
solutions provider founded in 1967. We provide investment                        and services for investors with various risk-return profiles.
management and related services with a wide range of
                                                                                 Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and
investment mandates through a boutique structure and using
                                                                                 infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.
multiple distribution channels. We are committed to delivering
                                                                                 Northleaf seeks to deliver high absolute risk-adjusted returns
strong investment performance for our clients by drawing on
                                                                                 from access to value creation outside public markets.
more than 50 years of investment management experience.

Mackenzie earns asset management fees primarily from:
                                                                                 2023 Developments
• Management fees earned from its investment funds, sub-
  advised accounts and institutional clients.                                    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
• Fees earned from its mutual funds for administrative services.                 On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional 13.9%
• Redemption fees on deferred sales charge and low load units.                   interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration of $1.15 billion
                                                                                 from Power which increased the Company’s equity interest in
The largest component of Mackenzie’s revenues is management
                                                                                 ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%.
fees. The amount of management fees depends on the level and
composition of AUM. Management fee rates vary depending on
the investment objective and the account type of the underlying                  Mackenzie Investments
AUM. Equity based mandates have higher management fee rates




                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
than fixed income mandates and retail mutual fund accounts                       Strategy
have higher management fee rates than exchange traded funds,

                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C
                                                                                 Mackenzie undertook a review of its strategic framework in the
sub-advised accounts and institutional accounts.                                 first quarter and the overall strategy and focus remains largely
Founded in 1998 as one of the first fund management                              intact. Additions to our framework include an explicit emphasis
companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and maintained a                      on being committed to the success of our clients and on having
position among the market leaders in China’s asset management                    the best minds in the investment industry, both of which are
industry. ChinaAMC drives for growth through product                             defining features of our approach.




                                             Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                47
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C  31
                                   Mackenzie’s mission is to create a more invested world, together.     In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also
                                                                                                         has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the
                                   Mackenzie’s objective is to become Canada’s preferred global
                                                                                                         institutional marketplace.
                                   asset management solutions provider and business partner.
                                                                                                         Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie offers
                                   Mackenzie’s strategic mandates are: win Canadian retail; build
                                                                                                         certain series of our mutual funds and provides sub-advisory
                                   meaningful strategic partnerships; and develop presence
                                                                                                         services to third-party and related party investment programs
                                   in underpenetrated channels with a targeted approach. We
                                                                                                         offered by banks, insurance companies and other investment
                                   achieve our strategic mandates with the following focus areas:
                                                                                                         companies. Strategic alliances with related parties include
                                   • Continuously improving distribution with a segmented
                                                                                                         providing advisory services to IG Wealth Management and
                                     approach;
                                                                                                         Lifeco subsidiaries (including IPC). Mackenzie partners with
                                   • Delivering competitive risk adjusted investment performance;        Wealthsimple to distribute ETFs through their product shelf.
                                   • Advancing brand leadership;                                         Mackenzie also serves as one of two exclusive investment
                                   • Creating innovative and relevant products and solutions;            solutions providers to PFSL Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica)
                                                                                                         and launched a suite of 27 funds designed to address the
                                   • Encouraging a sustainable future;
                                                                                                         specific needs of Primerica advisors and their clients. Within
                                   • Ensuring operational excellence and efficiency;
                                                                                                         the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie’s primary distribution
                                   • Fostering a high performing, diverse and winning culture.
                                                                                                         relationship is with the head office of the respective bank,
                                   Our focus areas drive future business growth. We aim to               insurance company or investment company.
                                   achieve this by being committed to the success of our clients,
                                                                                                         In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides investment
                                   attracting and fostering the best minds in the investment
                                                                                                         management services to pension plans, foundations and other
                                   industry, maintaining a boutique investment approach, having
                                                                                                         institutions. We attract new institutional business through our
                                   an innovative and future oriented product focus, and being
                                                                                                         relationships with pension and management consultants.
                                   responsible in everything we do.
                                                                                                         Gross sales and redemption activity in strategic alliance and
                                   Our investment management capabilities are delivered through          institutional accounts can be more pronounced than in the
                                   a boutique structure, with separate in-house teams having             retail channel, given the relative size and the nature of the
                                   distinct focuses and diverse styles. Our research and portfolio       distribution relationships of these accounts. These accounts
                                   management teams are located in Toronto, Montreal, Winnipeg,          are also subject to ongoing reviews and rebalance activities
                                   Vancouver, Boston, Dublin and Hong Kong. In addition, our             which may result in a significant change in the level of AUM.
                                   ownership interest in Northleaf enhances our investment
                                   capabilities by offering global private equity, private credit        Mackenzie continues to be positioned to build and enhance
                                   and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients and our        our distribution relationships given our team of experienced
                                   ownership interest in ChinaAMC offers our clients access to           investment professionals, strength of our distribution network,
                                   Chinese capital markets. We also supplement our investment            broad product shelf, competitively priced products and our
                                   capabilities with strategic partners (third party sub-advisors)       focus on client experience and investment excellence.
                                   in selected areas. The development of a broad range of
                                   investment capabilities and products is a key strength in             Brand
                                   supporting the evolving financial needs of investors.
                                                                                                         During the first quarter of 2023, Mackenzie launched its new
                                   Our business focuses on three key distribution channels: retail,      brand platform “Be Invested” which encourages people to be
                                   strategic alliances and institutional.                                invested in the things that matter in their lives, while investing
                                                                                                         their money so their goals are realized. This new platform is
                                   Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment products
                                                                                                         an extension of Mackenzie’s mission “to create an invested
                                   through third-party financial advisors. Our sales teams work
                                                                                                         world together”.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   with many of the more than 30,000 independent financial
                                   advisors and their firms across Canada. Our innovative,
                                                                                                         Investment Management
PART C
                                   comprehensive lineup of investment solutions covers all asset
                                   classes and parts of the globe. We offer a range of relevant          Mackenzie has $195.7 billion in AUM at December 31, 2023,
                                   products and investment solutions designed to help advisors           including $76.8 billion of sub-advisory mandates to the Wealth
                                   meet the evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce      Management segment. It has teams located in Toronto,
                                   new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund offerings           Montreal, Winnipeg, Vancouver, Boston, Dublin and Hong Kong.
                                   to provide enhanced investment solutions.




                              48 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  32                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
We continue to deliver our investment offerings through a                         Mutual Funds
boutique structure, with separate in-house investment teams                       Mackenzie manages its product shelf through new fund launches
which each have a distinct focus and investment approach.                         and fund mergers to streamline fund offerings for advisors and
Our investment team currently consists of 16 boutiques. This                      investors. During the first three quarters of 2023, Mackenzie
boutique approach promotes diversification of styles and                          launched four mutual funds, including two Mackenzie FuturePath
ideas and provides Mackenzie with a breadth of capabilities.                      mutual funds through its partnership with PFSL:
Oversight is conducted through a common process intended                          • Mackenzie Corporate Knights Global 100 Index Fund
to promote superior risk-adjusted returns over time. This
                                                                                  • Mackenzie USD Global Dividend Fund
oversight process focuses on i) identifying and encouraging
                                                                                  • Mackenzie FuturePath Shariah Global Equity Fund
each team’s performance edge, ii) promoting best practices in
portfolio construction, and iii) emphasizing risk management.                     • Mackenzie FuturePath USD US Core

Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf enhances its                       During the fourth quarter of 2023, Mackenzie launched two
investment capabilities by offering global private equity, private                mutual funds:
credit and infrastructure investment solutions to our clients.                    • Mackenzie Greenchip USD Global Environmental All Cap
                                                                                    Fund provides investors with an opportunity to gain U.S.
In addition to our own investment teams, Mackenzie
                                                                                    dollar exposure to the environmental economy.
supplements investment capabilities through the use of third
                                                                                  • Mackenzie All-Equity ETF Portfolio provides investors with
party sub-advisors and strategic beta index providers in
                                                                                    a competitively priced, all-in-one core equity solution. The
selected areas. These include Putnam Investments, TOBAM,
                                                                                    Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing in a
ChinaAMC, and Impax Asset Management. With the launch of
                                                                                    diversified set of Mackenzie and third-party exchange traded
the suite of 27 Futurepath Funds for Primerica, the following
                                                                                    funds with exposure to Canadian and foreign equities.
third party sub-advisors were added: 1832 Asset Management,
Addenda, Brandywine, Blackrock, and T. Rowe Price.
                                                                                  Alternative Funds
Long-term investment performance is a key measure of                              Mackenzie currently has ten alternative funds including four
Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At December 31, 2023, 31.5%                          products in collaboration with Northleaf Capital Partners
of Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in the top two                         (Northleaf) as part of its ongoing commitment to expand retail
performance quartiles for the one year time frame, 43.0%                          investor access to private market investment solutions. AUM of
for the three year time frame and 54.0% for the five year                         the four products with Northleaf exceeds $150 million.
time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its fund performance
relative to the ratings it receives on its mutual funds from                      Exchange Traded Funds
the Morningstar † fund ranking service. At December 31,                           The addition of Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) has complemented
2023, 83.2% of Mackenzie mutual fund assets measured                              Mackenzie’s broad and innovative fund line-up and reflects its
by Morningstar † had a rating of three stars or better and                        investor-focused vision to provide advisors and investors with
50.7% had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to the                    new solutions to drive investor outcomes and achieve their
Morningstar † universe of 86.8% for three stars or better and                     personal goals. These ETFs offer investors another investment
50.2% for four and five star funds at December 31, 2023.                          option when building long-term diversified portfolios.

Mackenzie was once again recognized for industry leading                          During 2023, Mackenzie launched five new ETFs. These ETFs
performance during 2023 by winning ten Fundata FundGrade                          further broadened our diverse offerings of ETFs:
A+ awards for its mutual funds and exchange traded funds. This                    • Mackenzie Corporate Knights Global 100 Index ETF
award is presented annually and honours funds that achieve
                                                                                  • Mackenzie Canadian Ultra Short Bond Index ETF
consistently high FundGrade scores throughout the calendar year.
                                                                                  • Mackenzie Canadian Government Long Bond Index ETF
                                                                                  • Mackenzie US Government Long Bond Index ETF
Products




                                                                                                                                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                  • Mackenzie All-Equity Allocation ETF
Mackenzie continues to evolve its product shelf by providing

                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
enhanced investment solutions for financial advisors to offer                     Mackenzie’s current line-up consists of 50 ETFs: 26 active and
their clients. During 2023, Mackenzie launched six mutual                         strategic beta ETFs and 24 traditional index ETFs. ETF AUM
funds, including two FuturePath Funds through its partnership                     ended the quarter at $12.9 billion, inclusive of $7.4 billion
with Primerica Financial Services Canada (PFSL), and five ETFs,                   in investments from IGM managed products. This ranks
including a suite of three fixed income ETFs.                                     Mackenzie in sixth place in the Canadian ETF industry for AUM.




                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                          49
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             C  33
                                   First Home Saving Account                                              Mackenzie Investments AUM
                                   Mackenzie introduced a First Home Savings Account                      Change in AUM – 2023 vs. 2022
                                   (FHSA) during the fourth quarter of 2023. Available through
                                                                                                          Mackenzie’s total AUM at December 31, 2023 were
                                   financial advisors, the Mackenzie FHSA enhances the ability
                                                                                                          $195.7 billion, an increase of 4.9% from $186.6 billion at
                                   of Canadians to save for the purchase of their first home
                                                                                                          December 31, 2022. Third party AUM were $118.9 billion, an
                                   through a tax-sheltered savings and investment account.
                                                                                                          increase of 5.2% from $113.1 billion at December 31, 2022.

                                   2024 Launch                                                            Investment fund AUM were $61.9 billion at December 31, 2023,
                                   Mackenzie filed a preliminary prospectus for the launch of the         compared to $59.7 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of
                                   following products during the first quarter of 2024:                   3.8%. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM of $56.4 billion increased
                                   • Mackenzie World Low Volatility Fund and Mackenzie World              by 3.6% from $54.4 billion at December 31, 2022. Mackenzie’s
                                     Low Volatility ETF seeks to provide long-term capital growth         ETF assets excluding ETFs held within IGM Financial’s
                                     by investing primarily in equity securities of large and mid-        managed products were $5.5 billion at December 31, 2023, an
                                     capitalization companies in developed global markets, while          increase of 5.5% from $5.2 billion at December 31, 2022. ETF
                                     seeking to provide lower volatility.                                 assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were
                                                                                                          $12.9 billion at December 31, 2023 compared to $12.4 billion
                                   • Mackenzie Shariah Global Equity Fund seeks to provide
                                                                                                          at December 31, 2022.
                                     long-term capital growth by investing primarily in Shariah-
                                     compliant equity securities of companies located anywhere            In the three months ended December 31, 2023, Mackenzie’s
                                     in the world.                                                        mutual fund gross sales were $1.7 billion, an increase of 11.4%
                                                                                                          compared to $1.6 billion in 2022. Mutual fund redemptions in

                                   Assets Under Management                                                the current quarter were $2.7 billion, an increase of 7.8% from
                                                                                                          last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the three months
                                   AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset Management            ended December 31, 2023 were $1.0 billion, consistent with the
                                   segment.                                                               prior year. In the three months ended December 31, 2023, ETF
                                   The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table 15 and the            net creations were $161 million compared to $134 million last
                                   changes in investment fund AUM are summarized in Table 16.             year. Investment fund net redemptions in the current quarter
                                   Assets managed for the Wealth Management segment are                   were $826 million compared to net redemptions of $832 million
                                   included in total AUM.                                                 last year. During the current quarter, investment returns
                                                                                                          resulted in investment fund assets increasing by $3.7 billion
                                   Asset Management AUA including strategic investments                   compared to an increase of $2.9 billion last year.
                                   were $305.1 billion at December 31, 2023, compared to
                                   $246.9 billion at December 31, 2022. Strategic investments             Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
                                   AUA is based on the Company’s direct and indirect ownership            and to the Wealth Management segment for the three months
                                   interest in these companies.                                           ended December 31, 2023 were $1.0 billion, consistent with
                                                                                                          the prior year. During the current quarter, investment returns
                                   At December 31, 2023, Mackenzie’s total AUM were                       resulted in assets increasing by $4.2 billion compared to an
                                   $195.7 billion, an increase of 4.9% from $186.6 billion last           increase of $3.4 billion last year.
                                   year. Mackenzie’s total third party AUM were $118.9 billion,
                                   an increase of 5.2% from $113.1 billion last year. The change in       In the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, Mackenzie’s
                                   Mackenzie’s AUM is determined by investment returns and net            mutual fund gross sales were $7.3 billion, a decrease of
                                   contributions from our clients.                                        3.0% from $7.5 billion in 2022. Mutual fund redemptions
                                                                                                          in the current period were $9.6 billion, an increase of 3.8%
                                   At December 31, 2023, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥ 1,823.6 billion          from last year. Mutual fund net redemptions for the year
                                   ($341.0 billion) compared to RMB¥ 1,721.6 billion ($337.6 billion)     ended December 31, 2023 were $2.3 billion, compared to




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   at December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.9% (CAD$ 1.0%).                 net redemptions of $1.7 billion in 2022. In the year ended
                                   Mackenzie held a 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC on December 31,            December 31, 2023, ETF net creations were $245 million

PART C
                                   2022, which was increased to 27.8% on January 12, 2023.                compared to $705 million last year. Investment fund net
                                   At December 31, 2023, Northleaf’s AUM was $26.6 billion                redemptions in the current period were $2.1 billion compared
                                   compared to $24.1 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of         to net redemptions of $1.0 billion last year. During the current
                                   10.4%. Mackenzie holds a 56% economic interest in Northleaf.           period, investment returns resulted in investment fund assets
                                                                                                          increasing by $4.3 billion compared to a decrease of $7.7 billion
                                                                                                          last year.




                              50 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  34                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 15: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                          Change
Three months ended                                                                               2023           2023           2022           2023          2022
($ millions)                                                                                   Dec. 31        Sep. 30        Dec. 31        Sep. 30       Dec. 31

Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
 Net sales (redemptions)
   Mutual funds                                                                           $      (987)   $      (712)   $     (966)          (38.6)%          (2.2)%
   ETF net creations                                                                              161              13           134           N/M            20.1
   Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                        (826)          (699)         (832)          (18.2)           0.7
   Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(3)                                             (186)              7          (135)          N/M           (37.8)
 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                 (1,012)          (692)         (967)          (46.2)           (4.7)
 Investment returns                                                                             4,192         (1,948)         3,385           N/M            23.8
 Net change in assets                                                                           3,180         (2,640)         2,418           N/M            31.5
 Beginning assets                                                                              66,102         68,742         63,657           (3.8)           3.8
 Ending assets                                                                            $    69,282    $    66,102    $    66,075            4.8 %          4.9 %
Mackenzie consolidated AUM
   Mutual funds                                                                           $    56,408    $   53,950     $   54,434             4.6 %          3.6 %
   ETFs                                                                                         5,507          5,050          5,219            9.0            5.5
   Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                      61,915        59,000          59,653            4.9            3.8
   Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(3)                                            7,367          7,102          6,422            3.7           14.7
                                                                                               69,282         66,102         66,075            4.8            4.9
   Sub-advisory to Canada Life(4)                                                              49,665        45,906          47,023            8.2            5.6
 Third party AUM                                                                              118,947        112,008        113,098            6.2            5.2
 Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)(4)                                               76,758         74,325         73,514            3.3            4.4
 Consolidated AUM                                                                         $ 195,705      $ 186,333      $ 186,612              5.0 %          4.9 %
Strategic investments ending AUM
 ChinaAMC                                                                                 $    94,792    $   94,470     $    46,932            0.3 %        102.0 %
 Northleaf                                                                                     14,912         15,092         13,521            (1.2)         10.3
 Intra-segment eliminations                                                                      (260)          (302)          (156)          13.9          (66.7)
                                                                                          $ 109,444      $ 109,260      $    60,297            0.2 %         81.5 %
Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                                   $ 305,149      $ 295,593      $ 246,909              3.2 %         23.6 %
Mackenzie average total AUM(5)
 Third party AUM                                                                          $ 114,128      $ 115,517      $ 112,651              (1.2)%         1.3 %
 Consolidated                                                                                 189,302        191,889        186,260            (1.3)          1.6

Twelve months ended                                                                                                            2023           2022
($ millions)                                                                                                                 Dec. 31        Dec. 31       Change

Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
 Net sales (redemptions)
   Mutual funds                                                                                                         $    (2,314)   $    (1,736)         (33.3)%
   ETF net creations(6)                                                                                                         245           705           (65.2)
   Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                                                    (2,069)        (1,031)        (100.7)
   Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(3)                                                                            192           (834)          N/M
 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                                               (1,877)        (1,865)           (0.6)
 Investment returns                                                                                                           5,084         (8,370)          N/M
 Net change in assets                                                                                                         3,207        (10,235)          N/M
 Beginning assets                                                                                                            66,075         76,310          (13.4)




                                                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Ending assets                                                                                                          $    69,282    $    66,075            4.9 %



                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C
Mackenzie average total AUM(5)
   Third Party                                                                                                          $ 115,436      $ 117,801              (2.0)%
   Consolidated                                                                                                             191,637        194,040            (1.2)
(1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
(2) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM
    to Wealth Management.
(3) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts
    - During the second quarter of 2023, Mackenzie onboarded an institutional mandate of $490 million.
    - During the first quarter of 2022, an institutional investor redeemed $291 million within products Mackenzie sub-advises.
(4) Effective November 30, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to discontinued operations, which had previously been reported in sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth
    Management, are now reported in sub-advisory to Canada Life.
(5) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.
(6) ETFs – During the first quarter of 2022, Wealthsimple made allocation changes which resulted in $675 million in purchases in Mackenzie ETFs.

                                                     Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                      51
                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        C  35
                                   Table 16: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)

                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                                   Three months ended                                                                              2023              2023               2022          2023        2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                  Dec. 31           Sep. 30            Dec. 31       Sep. 30     Dec. 31

                                   Sales                                                                                     $     1,736      $     1,503      $       1,559          15.5 %      11.4 %
                                   Redemptions                                                                                     2,723            2,215              2,525          22.9         7.8
                                   Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                              (987)            (712)              (966)        (38.6)        (2.2)
                                   ETF net creations                                                                                 161               13                134          N/M         20.1
                                   Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)                                                    (826)            (699)              (832)        (18.2)        0.7
                                   Investment returns                                                                              3,741           (1,840)             2,934          N/M         27.5
                                   Net change in assets                                                                            2,915           (2,539)             2,102          N/M         38.7
                                   Beginning assets                                                                              59,000           61,539              57,551           (4.1)       2.5
                                   Ending assets                                                                             $   61,915       $   59,000       $      59,653           4.9 %       3.8 %
                                   Consists of:
                                    Mutual funds                                                                             $   56,408       $   53,950       $      54,434           4.6 %       3.6 %
                                    ETFs                                                                                           5,507            5,050              5,219           9.0         5.5
                                    Investment funds(3)                                                                      $   61,915       $   59,000       $      59,653           4.9 %       3.8 %
                                   Daily average investment fund assets                                                      $   59,848       $   60,949       $      59,421           (1.8)%      0.7 %

                                   Twelve months ended                                                                                                                  2023          2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                                                       Dec. 31       Dec. 31     Change

                                   Sales                                                                                                                       $       7,270    $    7,496         (3.0)%
                                   Redemptions                                                                                                                         9,584         9,232         3.8
                                   Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                (2,314)       (1,736)      (33.3)
                                   ETF net creations(4)                                                                                                                  245          705        (65.2)
                                   Investment fund net sales (redemptions)      (2)(3)
                                                                                                                                                                      (2,069)       (1,031)     (100.7)
                                   Investment returns                                                                                                                  4,331        (7,678)       N/M
                                   Net change in assets                                                                                                                2,262        (8,709)       N/M
                                   Beginning assets                                                                                                                   59,653        68,362       (12.7)
                                   Ending assets                                                                                                               $      61,915    $   59,653         3.8 %
                                   Daily average investment fund assets                                                                                        $      60,714    $   62,114         (2.3)%
                                   (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                                   (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                                   (3) Effective January 2023, Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reclassified from Investment funds to Sub-advisory and AUM
                                       to Wealth Management.
                                   (4) ETFs – During the first quarter of 2022, Wealthsimple made allocation changes which resulted in $675 million in purchases in Mackenzie ETFs.




                                   During the first quarter of 2022, Wealthsimple made allocation                        members of IFIC was approximately 15.5% at December 31,
                                   changes which resulted in $675 million purchases into                                 2023. Mackenzie’s twelve-month trailing redemption rate is
                                   Mackenzie ETFs. Excluding this transaction, ETF net creations                         comprised of the weighted average redemption rate for front-
                                   were $30 million and investment fund net redemptions were                             end load assets, deferred sales charge and low load assets with
                                   $1.7 billion in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022.                            redemption fees, and deferred sales charge assets without
                                                                                                                         redemption fees (matured assets). Generally, redemption rates
                                   Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the three and
                                                                                                                         for front-end load assets and matured assets are higher than the
                                   twelve months ended December 31, 2023, were $2.7 billion and
                                                                                                                         redemption rates for deferred sales charge and low load assets




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   $9.5 billion, respectively, compared to $2.5 billion and $9.1 billion
                                                                                                                         with redemption fees.
                                   last year. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly redemption rate


PART C
                                   for long-term mutual funds was 19.7% in the fourth quarter                            Total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
                                   of 2023, compared to 18.2% in the fourth quarter of 2022.                             and to the Wealth Management segment for the twelve months
                                   Mackenzie’s twelve-month trailing redemption rate for long-                           ended December 31, 2023 were $1.9 billion consistent with
                                   term mutual funds was 17.1% at December 31, 2023, compared                            2022. During the twelve month period, investment returns
                                   to 16.0% last year. The corresponding average twelve-month                            resulted in assets increasing by $5.1 billion compared to a
                                   trailing redemption rate for long-term mutual funds for all other                     decrease of $8.4 billion last year.




                              52 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  36                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
During the twelve months of 2023, Mackenzie onboarded an                         For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, Mackenzie mutual
institutional mandate of $490 million. During the twelve months                  fund gross sales were $1.7 billion, an increase of 15.5% from
ended December 31, 2022, an institutional investor redeemed                      the third quarter of 2023. Mutual fund redemptions were
$291 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises                          $2.7 billion, an increase of 22.9% from the third quarter
and Wealthsimple made allocation changes which resulted in                       of 2023. Net redemptions of Mackenzie mutual funds for
$675 million in purchases in Mackenzie ETFs. Excluding these                     the current quarter were $1.0 billion compared with net
transactions, total net redemptions excluding sub-advisory to                    redemptions of $712 million in the previous quarter.
Canada Life and to the Wealth Management segment for the
                                                                                 Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in the current
twelve months ended December 31, 2023 were $2.4 billion
                                                                                 quarter were $2.7 billion, compared to $2.2 billion in the third
compared to $2.3 billion in 2022.
                                                                                 quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized quarterly redemption rate
As at December 31, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to                             for long-term mutual funds for the current quarter was 19.7%
Canada Life were $49.7 billion compared to $47.0 billion at                      compared to 15.7% in the third quarter.
December 31, 2022.
                                                                                 For the quarter ended December 31, 2023, Mackenzie ETF net
As at December 31, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM                        creations were $161 million compared to $13 million in the
to the Wealth Management segment were $76.8 billion or 71.3%                     third quarter.
of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic investments
                                                                                 Investment fund net redemptions in the current quarter were
compared to $73.5 billion or 70.8% of Wealth Management
                                                                                 $826 million compared to net redemptions of $699 million in
AUM excluding strategic investments at December 31, 2022.
                                                                                 the third quarter.
Change in AUM – Q4 2023 vs. Q3 2023                                              As at December 31, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to
Mackenzie’s total AUM at December 31, 2023 were                                  Canada Life were $49.7 billion compared to $45.9 billion at
$195.7 billion, an increase of 5.0% from $186.3 billion at                       September 30, 2023.
September 30, 2023. Third party AUM were $118.9 billion, an
                                                                                 As at December 31, 2023, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM
increase of 6.2% from $112.0 billion at September 30, 2023.
                                                                                 to the Wealth Management segment were $76.8 billion or 71.3%
Investment fund AUM were $61.9 billion at December 31,                           of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic investments
2023, an increase of 4.9% from $59.0 billion at September 30,                    compared to $74.3 billion or 69.6% of total Wealth Management
2023. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM were $56.4 billion at                          AUM excluding strategic investments at September 30, 2023.
December 31, 2023, an increase of 4.6% from $54.0 billion
at September 30, 2023. Mackenzie’s ETF assets were
$5.5 billion at December 31, 2023 compared to $5.1 billion at
September 30, 2023. ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s
managed products were $12.9 billion at December 31, 2023
compared to $12.5 billion at September 30, 2023.




                                                                                                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                               PART C




                                             Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                            53
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               C  37
                                   Review of Segment Operating Results
                                   The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings are                               year ended December 31, 2023 were $303.4 million, a decrease
                                   presented in Table 17 and include the operations of Mackenzie                          of 3.1% from 2022.
                                   Investments and earnings related to strategic investments.
                                                                                                                          2023 vs. 2022
                                   Mackenzie Investments                                                                  Revenues
                                   Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are presented                             Asset management fees are classified as either Asset
                                   in Table 18. Adjusted net earnings for the fourth quarter of                           management fees – third party or Asset management fees –
                                   2023 were $49.4 million, a decrease of 3.7% from the fourth                            Wealth Management.
                                   quarter in 2022 and a decrease of 12.6% from the prior quarter.                        • Net asset management fees – third party is comprised of
                                   Adjusted net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2023                               the following:
                                   were $204.4 million, a decrease of 4.1% from 2022.                                         - Asset management fees – third party consists of
                                                                                                                                management and administration fees earned from our
                                   Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the fourth
                                                                                                                                investment funds and management fees from our third
                                   quarter of 2023 were $73.8 million, a decrease of 2.9% from the
                                                                                                                                party sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts.
                                   fourth quarter in 2022 and a decrease of 11.3% from the prior
                                                                                                                                The largest component is management fees from
                                   quarter. Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the



                                   Table 17: Operating Results – Asset Management

                                                                                                                                                                                              Change
                                   Three months ended                                                                                2023              2023               2022      2023        2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                    Dec. 31           Sep. 30            Dec. 31   Sep. 30     Dec. 31

                                   Revenues
                                    Asset management
                                      Asset management fees – third party                                                      $     230.9      $    236.2       $       232.5       (2.2)%      (0.7)%
                                      Redemption fees                                                                                   0.6              0.7               0.7     (14.3)      (14.3)
                                                                                                                                     231.5            236.9             233.2        (2.3)       (0.7)
                                    Dealer compensation expenses
                                      Asset-based compensation                                                                       (76.0)            (77.9)            (76.9)      (2.4)       (1.2)
                                      Sales-based compensation                                                                            –                –                 –          –           –
                                                                                                                                     (76.0)            (77.9)            (76.9)      (2.4)       (1.2)
                                    Net asset management fees – third party                                                          155.5            159.0              156.3       (2.2)       (0.5)
                                    Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                         28.0             28.8               27.3       (2.8)       2.6
                                    Net asset management                                                                             183.5            187.8              183.6       (2.3)       (0.1)
                                    Net investment income and other                                                                     4.0              2.5               5.6      60.0       (28.6)
                                    Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                       32.3             25.1               24.9      28.7        29.7
                                                                                                                                     219.8            215.4              214.1       2.0         2.7
                                   Expenses
                                    Advisory and business development                                                                 20.8             19.0               21.3       9.5         (2.3)
                                    Operations and support                                                                            92.7             87.2               91.3       6.3         1.5
                                    Sub-advisory                                                                                        1.2              1.2               1.0          –       20.0




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                     114.7            107.4              113.6       6.8         1.0
                                   Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                    105.1            108.0              100.5       (2.7)       4.6


PART C
                                   Interest expense                                                                                     6.5              6.6               5.9       (1.5)      10.2
                                   Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                           98.6            101.4               94.6       (2.8)       4.2
                                   Income taxes                                                                                       20.1             22.4               20.2     (10.3)        (0.5)
                                   Adjusted net earnings                                                                              78.5             79.0               74.4       (0.6)       5.5
                                   Non-controlling interest                                                                             1.7              0.1               2.1      N/M        (19.0)
                                   Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                   $      76.8      $      78.9      $        72.3       (2.7)%      6.2 %

                                   (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              54 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  38                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 17: Operating Results – Asset Management (continued)

Twelve months ended                                                                                                               2023          2022
($ millions)                                                                                                                    Dec. 31       Dec. 31    Change

Revenues
 Asset management
   Asset management fees – third party                                                                                      $    934.6    $    962.9       (2.9)%
   Redemption fees                                                                                                                 3.0           3.1       (3.2)
                                                                                                                                 937.6        966.0        (2.9)
 Dealer compensation expenses
   Asset-based compensation                                                                                                     (311.4)       (320.3)      (2.8)
   Sales-based compensation                                                                                                          –           (7.3)   (100.0)
                                                                                                                                (311.4)       (327.6)      (4.9)
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                         626.2        638.4        (1.9)
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                       113.6         111.7        1.7
 Net asset management                                                                                                            739.8         750.1       (1.4)
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                  12.0           5.7      110.5
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                     121.4          82.9      46.4
                                                                                                                                 873.2         838.7        4.1
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                                                83.5          79.4        5.2
 Operations and support                                                                                                          362.7        360.5         0.6
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                      4.6           4.9       (6.1)
                                                                                                                                 450.8        444.8         1.3
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                   422.4         393.9        7.2
Interest expense                                                                                                                  25.0          23.5        6.4
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                         397.4         370.4        7.3
Income taxes                                                                                                                      83.8          81.6        2.7
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                            313.6        288.8         8.6
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                           3.4           5.1      (33.3)
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                   $    310.2    $    283.7        9.3 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.



      our investment funds. The amount of management                                          and decrease to zero after two or three years, depending
      fees depends on the level and composition of AUM.                                       on the purchase option.
      Management fee rates vary depending on the investment                                 - Dealer compensation expenses – consists of asset-
      objective and the account type of the underlying AUM.                                   based and sales-based compensation. Asset-based
      For example, equity-based mandates have higher                                          compensation represents trailing commissions paid to
      management fee rates than exchange traded funds,                                        dealers on certain classes of retail mutual funds and are
      fixed income mandates and retail mutual fund accounts                                   calculated as a percentage of mutual fund AUM. These
      have higher management fee rates than sub-advised                                       fees vary depending on the fund type and the purchase
      and institutional accounts. The majority of Mackenzie’s                                 option upon which the fund was sold: front-end, deferred
      mutual fund assets are retail and sold through third party                              sales charge or low load. Sales-based compensation are
      financial advisors.                                                                     paid to dealers on the sale of mutual funds under the




                                                                                                                                                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
   - Redemption fees – consists of fees earned from the                                       deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low load
     redemptions of mutual fund assets sold on a deferred                                     purchase option. Mackenzie stopped selling deferred sales

                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
     sales charge purchase option and on a low load purchase                                  charge purchase options and low load purchase options as
     option. Redemption fees charged for deferred sales                                       of June 1, 2022, in accordance with regulatory changes.
      charge assets range from 5.5% in the first year and                                 • Asset management fees – Wealth Management
      decrease to zero after seven years. Redemption fees for                               consists of sub-advisory fees earned from the Wealth
      low load assets range from 2.0% to 3.0% in the first year                             Management segment.




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  55
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    C  39
                                   Table 18: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments

                                                                                                                                                                                              Change
                                   Three months ended                                                                                2023              2023               2022      2023        2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                    Dec. 31           Sep. 30            Dec. 31   Sep. 30     Dec. 31

                                   Revenues
                                    Asset management
                                      Asset management fees – third party                                                      $     230.9      $    236.2       $       232.5       (2.2)%      (0.7)%
                                      Redemption fees                                                                                   0.6              0.7               0.7     (14.3)      (14.3)
                                                                                                                                     231.5            236.9             233.2        (2.3)       (0.7)
                                    Dealer compensation expenses
                                      Asset-based compensation                                                                       (76.0)            (77.9)            (76.9)      (2.4)       (1.2)
                                      Sales-based compensation                                                                            –                –                 –          –           –
                                                                                                                                     (76.0)            (77.9)            (76.9)      (2.4)       (1.2)
                                    Net asset management fees – third party                                                          155.5            159.0              156.3       (2.2)       (0.5)
                                    Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                         28.0             28.8               27.3       (2.8)       2.6
                                    Net asset management                                                                             183.5            187.8              183.6       (2.3)       (0.1)
                                    Net investment income and other                                                                     4.0              2.5               5.6      60.0       (28.6)
                                                                                                                                     187.5            190.3              189.2       (1.5)       (0.9)
                                   Expenses
                                    Advisory and business development                                                                 20.8             19.0               21.3       9.5         (2.3)
                                    Operations and support                                                                            91.7             86.9               90.9       5.5         0.9
                                    Sub-advisory                                                                                        1.2              1.2               1.0          –       20.0
                                                                                                                                     113.7            107.1              113.2       6.2         0.4
                                   Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                     73.8             83.2               76.0      (11.3)       (2.9)
                                   Interest expense                                                                                     6.5              6.6               5.9       (1.5)      10.2
                                   Adjusted earnings before income taxes     (1)
                                                                                                                                      67.3             76.6               70.1      (12.1)       (4.0)
                                   Income taxes                                                                                       17.9             20.1               18.8     (10.9)        (4.8)
                                   Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                    $      49.4      $      56.5      $        51.3     (12.6)%       (3.7)%

                                   (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                   Net asset management fees – third party were $155.5 million                            Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
                                   for the three months ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of                            $28.0 million for the three months ended December 31, 2023,
                                   $0.8 million or 0.5% from $156.3 million last year. The decrease in                    an increase of $0.7 million or 2.6% from $27.3 million last year.
                                   net asset management fees – third party was due to a decrease                          The increase in management fees was due to a 2.1% increase
                                   in the net asset management fee rate partially offset by a 1.3%                        in average AUM and an increase in the management fee rate.
                                   increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 15. Mackenzie’s net                         Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 14.8 basis points for the
                                   asset management fee rate was 54.2 basis points for the three                          three months ended December 31, 2023 compared to 14.7 basis
                                   months ended December 31, 2023, compared to 55.1 basis                                 points in the comparative period in 2022.
                                   points in the comparative period in 2022. The decrease in rate
                                                                                                                          Asset management fees – Wealth Management were
                                   was mostly driven by a change in the composition of AUM.
                                                                                                                          $113.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023,
                                   Net asset management fees – third party were $626.2 million                            an increase of $1.9 million or 1.7% from $111.7 million last year.
                                   for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, a decrease of                           The increase in management fees was due to an increase in the




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   $12.2 million or 1.9% from $638.4 million last year. The decrease                      management fee rate. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was
                                   in net asset management fees – third party was primarily due                           14.9 basis points for the twelve months ended December 31,


PART C
                                   to a 2.0% decrease in average AUM, as shown in Table 15, offset                        2023, compared to 14.7 basis points in the comparative period in
                                   by an increase in the net management fee rate. Mackenzie’s                             2022. Average AUM were comparable in both periods.
                                   net asset management fee rate was 54.4 basis points for the
                                                                                                                          Net investment income and other primarily includes investment
                                   twelve months ended December 31, 2023, compared to 54.2
                                                                                                                          returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary
                                   basis points in the comparative period in 2022. The increase in
                                                                                                                          funds. These investments are generally made in the process of
                                   rate was mostly driven by lower selling commissions, partially
                                                                                                                          launching a fund and are sold as third party investors subscribe.
                                   offset by a change in the composition of AUM.




                              56 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  40                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 18: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments (continued)

Twelve months ended                                                                                                               2023          2022
($ millions)                                                                                                                    Dec. 31       Dec. 31    Change

Revenues
 Asset management
   Asset management fees – third party                                                                                      $    934.6    $    962.9       (2.9)%
   Redemption fees                                                                                                                 3.0           3.1       (3.2)
                                                                                                                                 937.6        966.0        (2.9)
 Dealer compensation expenses
   Asset-based compensation                                                                                                     (311.4)       (320.3)      (2.8)
   Sales-based compensation                                                                                                          –           (7.3)   (100.0)
                                                                                                                                (311.4)       (327.6)      (4.9)
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                         626.2        638.4        (1.9)
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                       113.6         111.7        1.7
 Net asset management                                                                                                            739.8         750.1       (1.4)
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                  12.0           5.7      110.5
                                                                                                                                 751.8         755.8       (0.5)
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                                                83.5          79.4        5.2
 Operations and support                                                                                                          360.3        358.4         0.5
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                      4.6           4.9       (6.1)
                                                                                                                                 448.4         442.7        1.3
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                   303.4         313.1       (3.1)
Interest expense                                                                                                                  25.0          23.5        6.4
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                         278.4         289.6       (3.9)
Income taxes                                                                                                                      74.0          76.4       (3.1)
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                    $    204.4    $    213.2       (4.1)%

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




Net investment income and other was $4.0 million for the three                            and support expenses were $91.7 million for the three months
months ended December 31, 2023 compared to $5.6 million                                   ended December 31, 2023, an increase of $0.8 million or 0.9%
last year, and was $12.0 million for the twelve months ended                              from $90.9 million in 2022. Expenses for the twelve months
December 31, 2023 compared to $5.7 million last year.                                     ended December 31, 2023 were $360.3 million, an increase of
                                                                                          $1.9 million or 0.5% from $358.4 million last year.
Expenses
                                                                                          Sub-advisory expenses were $1.2 million for the three months
Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development
                                                                                          ended December 31, 2023, compared to $1.0 million in 2022.
expenses that primarily include wholesale distribution
                                                                                          Expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023
activities and these costs vary directly with assets or sales
                                                                                          were $4.6 million, compared to $4.9 million last year.
levels. Advisory and business development expenses were
$20.8 million for the three months ended December 31, 2023,
                                                                                          Interest Expense
a decrease of $0.5 million or 2.3% from $21.3 million in 2022.
                                                                                          Interest expense, which includes allocated interest expense
Expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023




                                                                                                                                                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                          on long-term debt and interest expense on leases, totalled
were $83.5 million, an increase of $4.1 million or 5.2% from
                                                                                          $6.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, compared to
$79.4 million last year.

                                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
                                                                                          $5.9 million in the comparative period in 2022. Interest expense
Operations and support includes costs associated with                                     for the twelve month period was $25.0 million compared
business operations, including technology and business                                    to $23.5 million in 2022. Long-term debt interest expense
processes, in-house investment management and product                                     is calculated based on an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-
shelf management, corporate management and support                                        term debt to Mackenzie. The allocation of debt increased to
functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,                                 $450 million during the second quarter of 2023, as a result of
technology and other service provider expenses. Operations




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                  57
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    C  41
                                   the issuance of long-term debt by IGM Financial. Previously, the      Operations and support expenses were $91.7 million for
                                   allocation was $400 million.                                          the current quarter, an increase of $4.8 million or 5.5% from
                                                                                                         $86.9 million compared to the third quarter.
                                   Q4 2023 vs. Q3 2023                                                   Sub-advisory expenses were $1.2 million for the current
                                   Revenues                                                              quarter, consistent with the third quarter.
                                   Net asset management fees – third party were $155.5 million
                                   for the current quarter, a decrease of $3.5 million or 2.2% from      Asset Management Strategic Investments
                                   $159.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. Factors contributing
                                                                                                         Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                                   to the net decrease were:
                                                                                                         earnings are presented within Table 19. Adjusted net earnings
                                   • Net asset management fee rate was 54.2 basis points for             for the fourth quarter of 2023 were $27.4 million, compared
                                     the current quarter compared to 54.8 basis points in the            to $21.0 million in 2022 and $22.4 million in the prior quarter.
                                     third quarter.                                                      Annual adjusted net earnings were $105.8 million, compared
                                   • Average AUM were $114.1 billion in the current quarter,             to $70.5 million in 2022.
                                     a decrease of 1.2% from the prior quarter.
                                                                                                         The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists of
                                   Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                        equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
                                   $28.0 million in the current quarter, a decrease of $0.8 million
                                                                                                         The Company’s share of ChinaAMC earnings were $23.7 million
                                   or 2.8% from $28.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. Factors
                                                                                                         in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $14.2 million in the
                                   contributing to the net decrease were:
                                                                                                         comparable period in 2022 and were $104.1 million in the twelve
                                   • Asset management fee rate was 14.8 basis points for
                                                                                                         month period of 2023, compared to $57.2 million in 2022. The
                                     the current quarter compared to 15.0 basis points in the
                                                                                                         increase in 2023 reflects the Company purchase of an additional
                                     second quarter.
                                                                                                         13.9% equity interest in ChinaAMC on January 12, 2023.
                                   • Average AUM were $75.2 billion in the current quarter,
                                     a decrease of 1.6% from the prior quarter.                          The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were $8.6 million
                                                                                                         in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to $10.7 million in the
                                   Net investment income and other was $4.0 million for the              comparable period in 2022 and were $17.3 million in the twelve
                                   current quarter, compared to $2.5 million in the third quarter.       month period of 2023, compared to $25.7 million in 2022. This
                                                                                                         is offset by non-controlling interest as reflected in the table.
                                   Expenses
                                   Advisory and business development expenses were $20.8 million
                                   for the current quarter compared to $19.0 million in the
                                   third quarter.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
PART C




                              58 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  42                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 19: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments

                                                                                                                                                          Change
Three months ended                                                                                2023           2023             2022          2023        2022
($ millions)                                                                                    Dec. 31        Sep. 30          Dec. 31       Sep. 30     Dec. 31

Revenues
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
   ChinaAMC                                                                                $      23.7     $      24.6      $     14.2           (3.7)%     66.9 %
   Northleaf                                                                                        8.6            0.5            10.7          N/M        (19.6)
                                                                                                  32.3            25.1            24.9          28.7        29.7
Expenses
 Operations and support                                                                             1.0            0.3             0.4        233.3        150.0
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                          31.3            24.8            24.5          26.2        27.8
Income taxes                                                                                        2.2            2.3             1.4           (4.3)      57.1
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                          29.1            22.5            23.1          29.3        26.0
Non-controlling interest                                                                            1.7            0.1             2.1          N/M        (19.0)
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                  $      27.4     $      22.4      $     21.0          22.3 %      30.5 %

Twelve months ended                                                                                                               2023          2022
($ millions)                                                                                                                    Dec. 31       Dec. 31     Change

Revenues
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
   ChinaAMC                                                                                                                 $    104.1    $     57.2        82.0 %
   Northleaf                                                                                                                      17.3          25.7       (32.7)
                                                                                                                                 121.4          82.9        46.4
Expenses
 Operations and support                                                                                                            2.4           2.1        14.3
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                         119.0          80.8        47.3
Income taxes                                                                                                                       9.8           5.2        88.5
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                         109.2          75.6        44.4
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                           3.4           5.1       (33.3)
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                   $    105.8    $     70.5        50.1 %
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                                                                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                               PART C




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                   59
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      C  43
                                   Corporate and Other
                                   Review of Segment Operating Results
                                   The Corporate and Other segment includes the Company’s             2023 vs. 2022
                                   investments in Lifeco and Portage, and unallocated capital.
                                                                                                      The proportionate share of associates’ earnings decreased by
                                   Earnings from the Corporate and Other segment include the          $21.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared to the
                                   Company’s proportionate share of earnings of its associate,        fourth quarter of 2022, and decreased by $61.3 million in the
                                   Lifeco, net investment income on unallocated capital and           twelve month period. These earnings reflect the proportionate
                                   consolidation elimination entries.                                 share of equity earnings from Lifeco as discussed in the
                                                                                                      Consolidated Financial Position section of this MD&A. The
                                   At December 31, 2023, the Company held a 2.4% equity interest
                                                                                                      decrease in Lifeco earnings reflect the previously discussed
                                   in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled by Power.
                                                                                                      changes in IGM Financial’s percentage ownership effective on
                                   Portage consists of early-stage investment funds dedicated         January 12, 2023. In 2022 and in the fourth quarter of 2023, the
                                   to backing innovating financial services companies and are         Company recorded its proportionate share of Lifeco earnings
                                   controlled by Power.                                               based on actual earnings. In the first three quarters of 2023,
                                                                                                      the Company recorded its proportionate share of Lifeco
                                   In addition to Lifeco and other investments held by the
                                                                                                      earnings using consensus analysts’ earnings estimates, as
                                   Company, the Corporate and Other segment includes
                                                                                                      Lifeco had reported quarterly earnings after the Company.
                                   unallocated capital which totalled $282.3 million at
                                   December 31, 2023 compared to $770.9 million at                    Net investment income and other was $2.9 million in the fourth
                                   December 31, 2022, as detailed in Table 20.                        quarter of 2023, a decrease of $4.3 million from $7.2 million
                                                                                                      in 2022. For the twelve month period, net investment income
                                   Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to any of
                                                                                                      and other was $12.3 million, a decrease of $1.9 million from
                                   the operating companies and which would be available for
                                                                                                      $14.2 million in 2022.
                                   investment, debt repayment, distribution to shareholders or
                                   other corporate purposes. This capital is invested in highly
                                   liquid, high quality financial instruments in accordance with      Q4 2023 vs. Q3 2023
                                   the Company’s Investment Policy.                                   The proportionate share of associates’ earnings was
                                                                                                      $19.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023, an increase of
                                   Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings are
                                                                                                      $6.4 million from the third quarter of 2023. During the fourth
                                   presented in Table 21.
                                                                                                      quarter, the Company recorded an increase of $0.8 million to
                                                                                                      adjust Lifeco’s third quarter earnings to the actual earnings
                                                                                                      disclosed by Lifeco. During the third quarter, the Company
                                                                                                      recorded an adjustment of ($8.0) million related to Lifeco’s
                                                                                                      second quarter earnings.




                                   Table 20: Total Assets – Corporate and Other

                                   ($ millions)                                                                                               December 31, 2023   December 31, 2022




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Investments in associate
                                    Lifeco                                                                                                          $    589.3         $     939.5

PART C                             FVTOCI investments
                                    Portage and other investments                                                                                        114.7               111.6


                                   Unallocated capital and other                                                                                         282.3               770.9
                                   Total assets                                                                                                     $    986.3         $   1,822.0
                                   Lifeco fair value                                                                                                $    970.9         $    1,168.3




                              60 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  44                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 21: Operating Results – Corporate and Other

                                                                                                                                                          Change
Three months ended                                                                                2023           2023             2022           2023       2022
($ millions)                                                                                    Dec. 31        Sep. 30          Dec. 31        Sep. 30    Dec. 31

Revenues
 Wealth Management                                                                         $       (1.7)   $      (1.7)     $         –              –%     N/M %
 Asset management                                                                                (25.2)          (25.8)           (27.0)          2.3        6.7
 Dealer compensation expense                                                                       (0.7)          (0.7)            (0.1)             –      N/M
 Net asset management                                                                            (25.9)          (26.5)           (27.1)          2.3        4.4
 Net investment income and other                                                                    2.9            3.2              7.2           (9.4)    (59.7)
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
   Lifeco                                                                                         19.1            12.7            40.9           50.4      (53.3)
                                                                                                   (5.6)         (12.3)           21.0           54.5       N/M
Expenses
 Operations and support                                                                             0.2            0.4             (0.2)        (50.0)      N/M
 Sub-advisory                                                                                    (27.5)          (28.2)           (27.0)          2.5        (1.9)
                                                                                                 (27.3)          (27.8)           (27.2)          1.8        (0.4)
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes                                                       21.7            15.5            48.2           40.0      (55.0)
Interest expense                                                                                      –            0.1                –        (100.0)          –
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                          21.7            15.4            48.2           40.9      (55.0)
Income taxes                                                                                       (0.7)          (3.3)            3.4           78.8       N/M
Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations                                                     22.4            18.7            44.8           19.8      (50.0)
Net earnings – discontinued operations                                                             (4.5)          (6.0)            0.2           25.0       N/M
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                   $      17.9     $      12.7      $     45.0           40.9 %    (60.2)%

Twelve months ended                                                                                                               2023           2022
($ millions)                                                                                                                    Dec. 31        Dec. 31    Change

Revenues
 Wealth Management                                                                                                          $      (6.5)   $         –      N/M %
 Asset management                                                                                                               (102.2)        (110.5)        7.5
 Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                       (2.7)             –      N/M
 Net asset management                                                                                                           (104.9)        (110.5)        5.1
 Net investment income and other                                                                                                  12.3           14.2      (13.4)
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
   Lifeco                                                                                                                         66.9          128.2       (47.8)
                                                                                                                                 (32.2)          31.9       N/M
Expenses
 Operations and support                                                                                                            1.2            2.1      (42.9)
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                   (111.3)        (110.5)       (0.7)
                                                                                                                                (110.1)        (108.4)       (1.6)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                          77.9          140.3      (44.5)
Income taxes                                                                                                                      (2.0)           4.7       N/M
Adjusted net earnings – continuing operations                                                                                     79.9          135.6       (41.1)
Net earnings – discontinued operations                                                                                           (12.5)           0.1       N/M
Adjusted net earnings   (1)
                                                                                                                            $     67.4     $    135.7      (50.3)%




                                                                                                                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC.
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.



                                                                                                                                                                                               PART C




                                                      Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                   61
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      C  45
                                   IGM Financial Inc.
                                   Consolidated Financial Position
                                   IGM Financial’s total assets were $18.7 billion at December 31,      The total fair value of Corporate investments of $721 million
                                   2023, unchanged from December 31, 2022.                              at December 31, 2023 is presented net of certain costs
                                                                                                        incurred within the limited partnership structures holding
                                                                                                        the underlying investments.
                                   Other Investments
                                   The composition of the Company’s securities holdings is
                                                                                                        Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
                                   detailed in Table 22.
                                                                                                        Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities and
                                                                                                        proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are recorded
                                   Fair Value Through Other
                                                                                                        in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated
                                   Comprehensive Income (FVTOCI)
                                                                                                        Statements of Earnings.
                                   Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded in Other
                                   comprehensive income.                                                Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated where
                                                                                                        the Company has made the assessment that it controls the
                                   Corporate Investments                                                investment fund. The underlying securities of these funds are
                                   Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the Company’s        classified as FVTPL.
                                   investments in Wealthsimple, and Portag3 Ventures LP, Portag3
                                   Ventures II LP and Portage Ventures III LP (Portage) and are         Loans
                                   recorded at FVTOCI.
                                                                                                        The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed in Table 23.
                                   The Company is the largest shareholder in Wealthsimple with
                                                                                                        Loans consisted of residential mortgages and represented
                                   a combined direct and indirect interest of 24.7% and a fair
                                                                                                        27.4% of total assets at December 31, 2023, compared to 26.8%
                                   value of $607 million at December 31, 2023, compared to
                                                                                                        at December 31, 2022.
                                   24.3% and a fair value of $492 million in December 31, 2022.
                                   This change is largely due to a fair value increase of 20% and       Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily comprised of
                                   an incremental investment during the period. The increase in         residential mortgages sold to securitization programs sponsored
                                   fair value is consistent with the increase in public market peer     by third parties that in turn issue securities to investors. An
                                   valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business performance           offsetting liability, Obligations to securitization entities, has
                                   and revised revenue expectations. Fair value is determined by        been recorded and totalled $4.7 billion at December 31, 2023,
                                   using observable transactions in the investments’ securities,        compared to $4.6 billion at December 31, 2022.
                                   where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation
                                                                                                        The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization. Loans
                                   metrics, including revenue multiples, used in the valuation of
                                                                                                        measured at fair value through profit or loss are residential
                                   comparable public companies.




                                   Table 22: Other Investments




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                         December 31, 2023               December 31, 2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                                          Cost         Fair Value        Cost       Fair Value


PART C
                                   Fair value through other comprehensive income
                                    Corporate investments                                                                        $     264.9      $      721.4     $   242.7   $      602.6
                                   Fair value through profit or loss
                                    Equity securities                                                                                    12.8              13.1         12.7            12.9
                                    Proprietary investment funds                                                                       126.5             129.1         156.7          159.0
                                                                                                                                       139.3             142.2         169.4          171.9
                                                                                                                                 $     404.2      $      863.6     $   412.1   $      774.5




                              62 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  46                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 23: Loans

($ millions)                                                                                                             December 31, 2023    December 31, 2022

Amortized cost                                                                                                               $     5,109.4       $     5,022.3
Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                  (0.7)                (0.8)
                                                                                                                             $     5,108.7       $     5,021.5




mortgages held temporarily by the Company pending                                      In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company securitized loans
sale. Loans held for securitization are carried at amortized                           through its mortgage banking operations with cash proceeds
cost. Total loans being held pending sale or securitization                            of $327.7 million compared to $351.4 million in 2022. Additional
are $375.5 million at December 31, 2023, compared to                                   information related to the Company’s securitization activities,
$371.9 million at December 31, 2022.                                                   including the Company’s hedges of related reinvestment and
                                                                                       interest rate risk, can be found in the Financial Risk section of this
Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth Management
                                                                                       MD&A and in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
are funded primarily through sales to third parties on a fully
serviced basis, including Canada Mortgage and Housing
Corporation (CMHC) or Canadian bank sponsored securitization                           Investment in Associates
programs. At December 31, 2023, IG Wealth Management
serviced $8.7 billion of residential mortgages, including                              Great-West Lifeco Inc.
$1.9 billion originated by subsidiaries of Lifeco.                                     At December 31, 2023, the Company held a 2.4% equity interest
                                                                                       in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled by Power.

Securitization Arrangements                                                            The equity method is used to account for IGM Financial’s
Through the Company’s mortgage banking operations,                                     investment in Lifeco, as it exercises significant influence.
residential mortgages are sold to securitization trusts sponsored                      Changes in the carrying value for the three and twelve months
by third parties that in turn issue securities to investors. The                       ended December 31, 2023 compared with 2022 are shown in
Company securitizes residential mortgages through the CMHC                             Table 24.
sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities                              On January 12, 2023, to partially fund the acquisition of an
(NHA MBS) and the Canada Mortgage Bond Program (CMB                                    additional 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC, the Company sold
Program) and through Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed                              15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash
commercial paper (ABCP) programs. The Company retains                                  consideration of $553 million, which reduced the Company’s
servicing responsibilities and certain elements of credit risk and                     equity interest in Lifeco from 4.0% to 2.4%. IGM Financial’s
prepayment risk associated with the transferred assets. The                            accounting gain on the sale of the Lifeco shares is $172.9 million
Company’s credit risk on its securitized mortgages is partially                        before-tax ($168.6 million after tax), consisting of $179.1 million
mitigated through the use of insurance. Derecognition of                               recorded in the first quarter and a decrease of $6.2 million that
financial assets in accordance with IFRS is based on the transfer                      was recorded in the second quarter.
of risks and rewards of ownership. As the Company has retained
prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk associated                         In the second quarter of 2023, the Company recorded a Lifeco
with the Company’s securitization transactions through the                             IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million representing a change of
CMB and ABCP programs, they are accounted for as secured                               estimate which has been recorded on a prospective basis.
borrowings. The Company records the transactions under these
programs as follows: i) the mortgages and related obligations                          China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
are carried at amortized cost, with interest income and interest
                                                                                       The equity method is used to account for the Company’s




                                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
expense, utilizing the effective interest rate method, recorded
                                                                                       27.8% equity interest in ChinaAMC, as it exercises significant
over the term of the mortgages, ii) the component of swaps
                                                                                       influence. Changes in the carrying value for the three and

                                                                                                                                                                                             PART C
entered into under the CMB Program whereby the Company
                                                                                       twelve months ended December 31, 2023 are shown in
pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives
                                                                                       Table 24. The change in Other comprehensive income of
investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage
                                                                                       positive $8.1 million in the three months ended December 31,
principal, are recorded at fair value, and iii) cash reserves held
                                                                                       2023, was due to a 0.5% appreciation of the Chinese yuan
under the ABCP program are carried at amortized cost.
                                                                                       relative to the Canadian dollar.




                                                   Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                    63
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    C  47
                                   Table 24: Investment in Associates

                                                                                                                           December 31, 2023                                                    December 31, 2022
                                   ($ millions)                    Lifeco   ChinaAMC      Rockefeller   Northleaf          Other         Total         Lifeco    ChinaAMC       Northleaf       Other           Total

                                   Three months ended
                                   Carrying value,
                                   October 1(1)                $ 578.8       $1,852.9      $ 864.2       $ 293.2       $    38.8    $3,627.9       $ 903.2       $ 764.8        $ 273.8     $       –    $ 1,941.8
                                    Investment                          –           0.6          1.5             –             –           2.1              –               –          –        40.5            40.5
                                    Dividends                      (11.5)             –             –            –             –         (11.5)         (18.3)              –          –            –       (18.3)
                                    Proportionate share of:
                                      Earnings(2)(3)                19.1          23.7              –          8.6          (0.8)         50.6          40.9           14.2         10.7         (0.4)          65.4
                                      Other
                                      comprehensive
                                      income (loss) and
                                      other adjustments               2.9           8.1        (20.9)            –             –          (9.9)         13.7            8.2            –            –           21.9
                                   Carrying value,
                                   December 31                 $ 589.3       $1,885.3      $ 844.8       $ 301.8       $    38.0    $3,659.2       $ 939.5       $ 787.2        $ 284.5     $   40.1     $ 2,051.3
                                   Twelve months ended
                                   Carrying value,
                                   January 1(1)                $ 939.5       $ 787.2       $        –    $ 284.5       $    40.1    $2,051.3       $ 885.1       $ 768.7        $ 258.8     $       –    $ 1,912.6
                                    Investment                          –      1,162.4         857.7             –           0.5      2,020.6               –               –          –        40.5            40.5
                                    Disposition                   (397.7)             –             –            –             –       (397.7)              –               –          –            –              –
                                    Dividends                      (46.0)        (69.2)             –            –             –       (115.2)         (73.2)         (31.3)           –            –      (104.5)
                                    Proportionate share of:
                                      Earnings(2)(3)                66.9         104.1          (0.7)         17.3          (2.6)       185.0          128.2           57.2         25.7         (0.4)      210.7
                                      IFRS 17 adjustment            15.1              –             –            –             –          15.1              –               –          –            –              –
                                      Other
                                      comprehensive
                                      income (loss) and
                                      other adjustments             11.5         (99.2)        (12.2)            –             –         (99.9)          (0.6)          (7.4)          –            –           (8.0)
                                   Carrying value,
                                   December 31                  $ 589.3      $1,885.3      $ 844.8       $ 301.8       $    38.0    $3,659.2       $ 939.5        $ 787.2       $ 284.5     $   40.1     $ 2,051.3
                                   (1) Opening balances have been restated for the estimated impact of Lifeco’s adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9.
                                   (2) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in the Wealth Management, Asset Management and Corporate and
                                       Other segment.
                                   (3) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of Non-controlling interest, was $6.9 million and $13.9 million, respectively, for the three and twelve
                                       month periods of 2023 compared to $8.6 million and $20.6 million, respectively, in 2022.




                                   ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding                                         influence arising from board representation, participation in the
                                   subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥ 1,823.6 billion                               policy making process and shared strategic initiatives.
                                   ($341.0 billion) at December 31, 2023, representing an increase
                                                                                                                               Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $122.1 billion ($161.6 billion)
                                   of 5.9% (CAD$ 1.0%) from RMB¥ 1,721.6 billion ($337.6 billion)
                                                                                                                               at December 31, 2023.
                                   at December 31, 2022. Mutual fund net flows, which exclude
                                   subsidiary and institutional assets under management, were                                  On April 3, 2023, the Company acquired a 20.5% equity
                                   RMB¥ 41.5 billion and RMB¥ 220.2 billion for the three and                                  interest in Rockefeller for cash consideration of $835 million
                                   twelve month periods ended December 31, 2023, respectively                                  (USD $622 million).
                                   (net flows obtained from Wind Information Co., Ltd.).
                                                                                                                               Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional
                                   13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration of                                        The Company, through an acquisition vehicle held by the

PART C
                                   $1.15 billion from Power which increased the Company’s equity                               Company’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, holds a 49.9% voting interest
                                   interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%.                                                   and a 70% economic interest in Northleaf. The acquisition
                                                                                                                               vehicle is owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20% by Lifeco.
                                   Rockefeller Capital Management                                                              Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase
                                   The financial results of Rockefeller are accounted for using the                            the remaining equity and voting interest in Northleaf
                                   equity method of accounting as the Company exercises significant                            commencing in approximately five years from the acquisition




                              64 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  48                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
date and extending into future periods. The equity method                         Northleaf’s assets under management, including invested
is used to account for the acquisition vehicle’s 70% economic                     capital and uninvested commitments, were $26.6 billion as at
interest as it exercises significant influence. Significant                       December 31, 2023, representing an increase of $2.5 billion or
influence arises from board representation, participating in                      10.4% from $24.1 billion at December 31, 2022. The increase
the policy making process and shared strategic initiatives.                       during the twelve month period was driven by $3.6 billion in
                                                                                  new commitments, offset in part by a decrease of $0.6 billion
The Company controls the acquisition vehicle therefore it
                                                                                  related to return of capital and a decrease of $0.5 billion related
recognizes the full 70% economic interest in Northleaf and
                                                                                  to foreign exchange on USD denominated assets.
recognizes Non-controlling interest (NCI) related to Lifeco’s
net interest in Northleaf of 14%.




                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C




                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                              65
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               C  49
                                   Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
                                   Liquidity
                                   Cash and cash equivalents totalled $544.6 million at                     $1,404.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2023,
                                   December 31, 2023 compared with $1,072.9 million at                      compared to $1,425.6 million for 2022. EBITDA before sales
                                   December 31, 2022. Cash and cash equivalents related                     commissions excludes the impact of both commissions paid
                                   to the Company’s deposit operations were $0.6 million at                 and commission amortization (refer to Table 1).
                                   December 31, 2023, compared to $0.8 million at December 31,
                                                                                                            Earnings Before Interest, Taxes,
                                   2022, as shown in Table 25.
                                                                                                            Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA)(1)
                                   Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held by                 For the financial year ($ millions)
                                   clients within their investment accounts and with the offset
                                                                                                                                            1,547
                                   included in deposit liabilities. The decrease in Client funds on                                                       1,426               EBITDA before
                                                                                                                                                                  1,404
                                   deposit and Deposit liabilities in 2023 was partially due to the                1,294                                                      sales commissions
                                                                                                                               1,226
                                   sale of IPC in 2023. IPC Client funds on deposit and Deposit
                                   liabilities were $318 million at December 31, 2022.

                                   Working capital, which consists of current assets less current
                                   liabilities, totalled $358.2 million at December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                              EBITDA after
                                   compared with $846.8 million at December 31, 2022 (Table 26).                   1,129       1,087        1,377         1,295   1,288
                                                                                                                                                                              sales commissions

                                   Working capital, which includes unallocated capital, is utilized to:
                                   • Finance ongoing operations, including the funding of sales
                                     commissions.
                                                                                                                   2019        2020         2021          2022    2023
                                   • Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage banking
                                     operations.                                                            EBITDA before and after sales commissions excluded the following:
                                   • Pay interest related to long-term debt.                                2019 – the Company’s proportionate share of associate’s
                                   • Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.                         one-time charges.

                                   • Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding common shares.              2020 – the gain on sale of Personal Capital, gain on sale of Quadrus
                                                                                                                     Group of Funds net of acqusition costs, the Company’s
                                   • Finance common share repurchases and retirement of
                                                                                                                     proportionate share of associate’s adjustments and
                                     long-term debt.
                                                                                                                     restructuring and other.
                                   • Capital investment in the business and business acquisitions.
                                                                                                            2021 – additional consideration receivable related to the
                                   IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash flows from                   sale of Personal Capital in 2020.
                                   its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation            2023 – the gain on sale of IPC, gain on sale of Lifeco, Lifeco IFRS 17
                                   and amortization before sales commissions (EBITDA before                          adjustment and restructuring and other.
                                   sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS                     (1) A Non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and
                                   Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures), totalled                   Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                   Table 25: Deposit Operations – Financial Position

                                   As at December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                                           2023          2022

                                   Assets
                                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                        $        0.6   $       0.8




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                    Client funds on deposit                                                                                                               3,365.7       4,347.4
                                    Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                            0.7           0.6


PART C
                                    Loans                                                                                                                                     9.3           9.4
                                   Total assets                                                                                                                      $ 3,376.3      $ 4,358.2
                                   Liabilities and shareholders’ equity
                                    Deposit liabilities                                                                                                              $ 3,344.2      $ 4,334.0
                                    Other liabilities                                                                                                                       23.3          15.2
                                    Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                      8.8           9.0
                                   Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                                                                        $ 3,376.3      $ 4,358.2




                              66 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  50                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 26: Working Capital

As at December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                                                  2023           2022

Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              $      544.6   $ 1,072.9
 Client funds on deposit                                                                                                                     3,365.7        4,347.4
 Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                                          431.6          462.6
 Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                                          1,020.8          992.2
                                                                                                                                             5,362.7        6,875.1
Current liabilities
 Accounts and other payables                                                                                                                   712.9          726.4
 Deposits and certificates                                                                                                                   3,343.1        4,332.8
 Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                           948.5          969.1
                                                                                                                                             5,004.5        6,028.3
Working capital                                                                                                                         $      358.2   $      846.8




Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization                          Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
after sales commissions (EBITDA after sales commissions),                               during the year ended 2023 compared to 2022 consist of
a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and                                 non-cash operating activities offset by cash operating activities:
Other Financial Measures), totalled $1,287.5 million for the year                       • The add-back of amortization of capitalized sales
ended December 31, 2023, compared to $1,294.8 million for                                 commissions offset by the deduction of capitalized sales
2022. EBITDA after sales commissions excludes the impact of                               commissions paid.
commission amortization (refer to Table 1).
                                                                                        • The add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and
Refer to the Financial Instruments Risk section of this MD&A                              other assets.
for information related to other sources of liquidity and to                            • The deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings
the Company’s exposure to and management of liquidity and                                 offset by dividends received.
funding risk.                                                                           • The add-back of pension and other post-employment
                                                                                          benefits offset by cash contributions.
Cash Flows                                                                              • Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.
Table 27 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated                                  • The adjustments for other items in 2023 which included the
Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the Consolidated                             gain on the partial sale of the Company’s investment in Lifeco
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.                                and the gain on the sale of IPC.
Cash and cash equivalents decreased by $528.3 million in 2023                           • The add-back of a one-time adjustment in 2023 in respect
compared to a decrease of $219.5 million in 2022.                                         of a restructuring provision and other.
                                                                                        • The deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.




Table 27: Cash Flows

                                                                                                                           2023            2022
Twelve months ended ($ millions)                                                                                         Dec. 31         Dec. 31       Change

Operating activities




                                                                                                                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Earnings before income taxes                                                                                       $ 1,367.0       $   1,122.9              21.7 %
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                        (222.7)           (330.9)         32.7


                                                                                                                                                                                                PART C
 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities                                                              (307.0)            (54.3)         N/M
                                                                                                                          837.3             737.7            13.5
Financing activities                                                                                                      (203.8)       (1,091.9)            81.3
Investing activities                                                                                                    (1,161.8)           134.7           N/M
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       (528.3)           (219.5)        (140.7)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                            1,072.9         1,292.4             (17.0)
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                              $     544.6     $ 1,072.9               (49.2)%




                                                    Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                      67
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        C  51
                                   Financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2023        • The investment in Rockefeller of $857.7 million in 2023, which
                                   compared to 2022 related to:                                          was comprised of cash consideration of $835 million and
                                   • An increase in obligations to securitization entities               transaction costs.
                                     of $1,256.0 million and repayments of obligations to              • Sale of Lifeco shares with proceeds of $552.7 million in 2023.
                                     securitization entities of $1,217.0 million in 2023 compared      • Sale of IPC in 2023 with proceeds of $555.0 million, net of
                                     to an increase in obligations to securitization entities            cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations.
                                     of $1,171.0 million and repayments of obligations to
                                     securitization entities of $1,626.9 million in 2022.
                                   • Net proceeds on the credit facility of $550.0 million in 2023
                                                                                                       Accumulated Other
                                     which was repaid prior to the close of the IPC sale.              Comprehensive Income
                                   • The issuance of debentures of $300.0 million in 2023.             Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled
                                   • The payment of regular common share dividends which               $316.3 million at December 31, 2023, compared to
                                     totalled $535.4 million in 2023 compared to $537.2 million        $362.8 million at December 31, 2022, as detailed in Table 28.
                                     in 2022.                                                          The Other comprehensive loss for employee benefits in 2023
                                   2022 also included the purchase of 2,890,000 common shares          was primarily due to a decrease in discount rates.
                                   under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost of         The gain related to Other investments in 2023 is primarily
                                   $115.7 million.                                                     due a change in fair value of Wealthsimple of approximately
                                   Investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2023        20%. The change is consistent with the increase in public
                                   compared to 2022 primarily related to:                              market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business
                                                                                                       performance and revised revenue expectations.
                                   • The purchases of other investments totalling $86.7 million
                                     and sales of other investments with proceeds of                   The Other comprehensive loss for Investment in associates
                                     $80.8 million in 2023 compared to $150.5 million and              in 2023 was primarily related to the second quarter foreign
                                     $120.1 million, respectively, in 2022.                            exchange translation related to the Company’s investment
                                   • An increase in loans of $1,203.2 million with repayments          in ChinaAMC.
                                     of loans and other of $1,113.5 million in 2023 compared to
                                                                                                       The disposal of investment in associate of $16.0 million in 2023
                                     $1,274.4 million and $1,584.4 million, respectively, in 2022,
                                                                                                       represents the amount of accumulated other comprehensive
                                     primarily related to residential mortgages in the Company’s
                                                                                                       income transferred out as a result of the sale of Lifeco shares.
                                     mortgage banking operations.
                                   • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and
                                     acquisitions and other was $125.0 million in 2023 compared        Capital Resources
                                     to $107.1 million in 2022.                                        The Company’s capital management objective is to maximize
                                   • The investment in ChinaAMC of $1,162. 4 million in 2023.          shareholder returns while ensuring that the Company is
                                                                                                       capitalized in a manner which appropriately supports regulatory
                                                                                                       capital requirements, working capital needs and business


                                   Table 28: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

                                                                                                                                                               Investment
                                                                                                                          Employee             Other         in Associates
                                   ($ millions)                                                                            Benefits      Investments            and Other         Total

                                   2023
                                   Balance, January 1                                                                 $        4.4       $      309.6        $       48.8    $   362.8




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                    Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                        (18.4)                  85.1           (96.5)        (29.8)
                                    Disposal of investment in associate                                                          –                      –           (16.0)        (16.0)


PART C
                                    Transfer out of fair value through other comprehensive income                                –                   (0.7)              –          (0.7)
                                   Balance, December 31                                                               $      (14.0)      $      394.0        $      (63.7)   $   316.3
                                   2022
                                   Balance, January 1                                                                 $      (95.6)      $       919.1       $       59.6    $   883.1
                                    Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                        100.0             (585.5)              (10.8)       (496.3)
                                    Transfer out of fair value through other comprehensive income                                –               (24.0)                 –         (24.0)
                                   Balance, December 31                                                               $        4.4       $      309.6        $       48.8    $   362.8




                              68 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  52                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
expansion. The Company’s capital management practices are                         Other activities in 2023 included the declaration of common
focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by                    share dividends of $535.7 million or $2.25 per share. Changes
maintaining a solid capital base and a strong balance sheet.                      in common share capital are reflected in the Consolidated
Capital of the Company consists of long-term debt and common                      Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity.
shareholders’ equity which totalled $9.1 billion at December 31,
                                                                                  Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s senior
2023, compared to $8.2 billion at December 31, 2022. The
                                                                                  unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
Company regularly assesses its capital management practices
                                                                                  DBRS current rating on the Company’s senior unsecured
in response to changing economic conditions.
                                                                                  debentures is “A (High)” with a stable rating trend.
The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its ongoing
                                                                                  Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an
business operations to support working capital requirements,
                                                                                  independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of
long-term investments made by the Company, business
                                                                                  a company and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and
expansion and other strategic objectives. Subsidiaries subject
                                                                                  the capacity of a company to meet its obligations in accordance
to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealers,
                                                                                  with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating
mutual fund dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio
                                                                                  categories for each of the agencies set forth below have been
managers, investment fund managers and a trust company.
                                                                                  obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites.
These subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum
levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity                      These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold
or shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have                          the securities of the Company and do not address market price
complied with all regulatory capital requirements.                                or other factors that might determine suitability of a specific
                                                                                  security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not
The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion at
                                                                                  reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities
December 31, 2023, compared to $2.1 billion at December 31,
                                                                                  and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the
2022. Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which are
                                                                                  rating organization.
senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company subject to
standard covenants, including negative pledges, but which do                      The A rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured
not include any specified financial or operational covenants.                     debentures by S&P is the sixth highest of the 22 ratings
The increase in long-term debt resulted from the issuance on                      used for long-term debt. This rating indicates S&P’s view that
May 26, 2023, of $300.0 million 5.426% debentures maturing                        the Company’s capacity to meet its financial commitment
May 26, 2053. The offering was made pursuant to a prospectus
supplement to IGM Financial’s short form base shelf
prospectus dated December 7, 2022. The net proceeds were                          Capital
used by IGM Financial to fund a portion of the purchase price                     As at December 31 ($ millions)
in connection with the acquisition of the 20.5% equity interest
in Rockefeller and for general corporate purposes.                                                                                        9,120
                                                                                                                    8,601                  60
                                                                                                                               8,230
The Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid                                                                     51
                                                                                                                                 67       2,400
(NCIB) on December 21, 2023 to purchase for cancellation                                                 7,143      2,100
up to 3 million of its common shares. The program will be                                      6,599       49
                                                                                                                               2,100

used to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options issued
                                                                                                          2,100
under the Company’s stock option plan and for other capital                                    2,100
management purposes. The Company’s previous NCIB expired
on February 28, 2023, and the Company has not repurchased
any shares in the last 12 months.

In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an




                                                                                                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                               4,499     4,994      6,450      6,063      6,660
automatic securities purchase plan for its common shares.
The automatic securities purchase plan provides standard

                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C
instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common shares are
to be purchased under the normal course issuer bid during
certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to                                    2019       2020      2021        2022      2023

pre-established parameters. Outside of these pre-determined
                                                                                                            Non-controlling Interest
trading blackout periods, purchases under the Company’s                                                     Long-term Debt
normal course issuer bid will be completed based upon                                                       Common Shareholders’ Equity
management’s discretion.




                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                69
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C  53
                                   on the obligation is strong, but the obligation is somewhat              • Loans classified as held for trading are valued using market
                                   more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in                      interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity,
                                   circumstances and economic conditions than obligations                     specifically lending rates offered to retail borrowers by
                                   in higher rated categories.                                                financial institutions.
                                                                                                            • Loans classified as amortized cost are valued by discounting
                                   The A (High) rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior
                                                                                                              the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.
                                   unsecured debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the fifth
                                   highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt. Under the             • Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as
                                   Morningstar DBRS long-term rating scale, debt securities                   FVOCI include comparison to market transactions with arm’s
                                   rated A (High) are of good credit quality and the capacity for             length third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted
                                   the payment of financial obligations is substantial, but of lesser         cash flow analysis.
                                   credit quality than AA. Entities in the A (High) category may be         • Obligations to securitization entities are valued by
                                   vulnerable to future events, but qualifying negative factors are           discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing
                                   considered manageable.                                                     market yields for securities issued by these securitization
                                                                                                              entities having similar terms and characteristics.

                                   Financial Instruments                                                    • Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the
                                                                                                              contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently
                                   Table 29 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of                  offered for deposits with similar terms and credit risks.
                                   financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes fair
                                                                                                            • Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each
                                   value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not
                                                                                                              debenture available in the market.
                                   measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable
                                                                                                            • Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted
                                   approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash
                                                                                                              market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
                                   equivalents, accounts and other receivables, certain other
                                                                                                              instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or
                                   financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, credit
                                                                                                              discounted cash flow analysis.
                                   facility, and certain other financial liabilities.
                                                                                                            See Note 25 of the Consolidated Financial Statements which
                                   Fair value is determined using the following methods
                                                                                                            provides additional discussion on the determination of fair
                                   and assumptions:
                                                                                                            value of financial instruments.
                                   • Other investments and other financial assets and financial
                                     liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets,        Although there were changes to both the carrying values and
                                     when available. When a quoted market price is not readily              fair values of financial instruments, these changes did not have
                                     available, valuation techniques are used that require                  a material impact on the financial condition of the Company for
                                     assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and               the twelve months ended December 31, 2023.
                                     amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable
                                     market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.


                                   Table 29: Financial Instruments

                                                                                                                                   December 31, 2023                      December 31, 2022
                                   ($ millions)                                                                     Carrying Value              Fair Value   Carrying Value         Fair Value

                                   Financial assets recorded at fair value
                                    Other investments
                                      – Fair value through other comprehensive income                                   $     721.4         $      721.4       $    602.6       $      602.6
                                      – Fair value through profit or loss                                                     142.2                142.2             171.9             171.9
                                    Derivative financial instruments                                                           42.7                  42.7             63.7               63.7




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                                    Loans


PART C
                                      – Amortized cost                                                                      5,108.7              5,070.8           5,021.5           4,905.5
                                   Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                                    Derivative financial instruments                                                           49.6                  49.6             51.6               51.6
                                   Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                                    Deposits and certificates                                                               3,344.2              3,344.2           4,334.0           4,334.0
                                    Obligations to securitization entities                                                  4,687.8              4,695.7           4,610.4           4,544.6
                                    Long-term debt                                                                          2,400.0              2,453.4           2,100.0           2,013.9




                              70 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  54                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Risk Management
IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that are inherent in                • The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees
our business activities. Our ability to manage these risks is key                    corporate governance practices.
to our ongoing success. The Company emphasizes a strong risk                       • The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee oversees
management culture and the implementation of an effective                            conflicts of interest.
risk management approach. Our approach coordinates risk
management across the organization and its business units                          Management oversight for risk management resides with the
and seeks to ensure prudent and measured risk-taking in order                      Executive Risk Management Committee which is comprised
to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return.                         of the Chief Executive Officers of IGM Financial, IG Wealth
Fundamental to our enterprise risk management program is                           Management and Mackenzie Investments, the Chief Financial
protecting and enhancing our reputation.                                           Officer, the General Counsel, the Chief Operating Officer, the
                                                                                   Chief Human Resources Officer, and the Chief Risk Officer,
                                                                                   who reports to the Chief Executive Officer of IGM Financial.
Risk Management Framework                                                          The committee is responsible for oversight of IGM Financial’s
The Company’s risk management approach is undertaken                               risk management process by: i) establishing and maintaining
through our comprehensive Enterprise Risk Management                               the risk framework and policy; ii) defining the risk appetite;
(ERM) Framework which is composed of five core elements:                           iii) ensuring our risk profile and processes are aligned with
risk governance, risk appetite, risk principles, a defined risk                    corporate strategy and risk appetite; and iv) establishing “tone
management process, and risk management culture. The                               at the top” and reinforcing a strong culture of risk management.
ERM Framework is established under our ERM Policy, which
                                                                                   The Chief Executive Officers of the operating companies have
is approved by the Executive Risk Management Committee.
                                                                                   overall responsibility for overseeing risk management of their
                                                                                   respective companies.
Risk Governance
                                                                                   The Company has assigned responsibility for risk management
Our risk governance structure emphasizes ownership of                              using the Three Lines of Defence model, with the First Line
risk management in each business unit and oversight by an                          reflecting the business units having primary responsibility
Executive Risk Management Committee accountable to the Risk                        for risk management, supported by Second Line risk
Committee of the Board (Risk Committee) and ultimately to the                      management functions and a Third Line (the Internal Audit
Board of Directors. Additional oversight is provided by the Risk,                  function) providing assurance and validation of the design
Compliance and Internal Audit functions.                                           and effectiveness of the ERM Framework.
The Risk Committee provides primary oversight and carries
                                                                                   First Line of Defence
out its risk management mandate. The Risk Committee is
                                                                                   The leaders of the various business units and support
responsible for assisting the Board in reviewing and overseeing
                                                                                   functions have primary ownership and accountability for the
the risk governance structure and risk management program of
                                                                                   ongoing risk management associated with their respective
the Company by: i) ensuring that appropriate procedures are in
                                                                                   activities. Responsibilities of business unit and support function
place to identify and manage risks and establish risk appetite,
                                                                                   leaders include: i) establishing and maintaining procedures for
ii) ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures and controls
                                                                                   the identification, assessment, documentation and escalation
are implemented to manage risks, and iii) reviewing the risk
                                                                                   of risks, ii) implementing control activities to mitigate risks,
management process on a regular basis to ensure that it is
                                                                                   iii) identifying opportunities for risk reduction or transfer, and
functioning effectively.
                                                                                   iv) aligning business and operational strategies with the risk
Other specific risks are managed with the support of the                           culture and risk appetite of the organization as established by
following Board committees:                                                        the Executive Risk Management Committee.




                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
• The Audit Committee has specific risk oversight
  responsibilities in relation to financial disclosure, internal                   Second Line of Defence

                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C
  controls and the control environment as well as our                              The Risk function, overseen by the Chief Risk Officer, provides
  compliance activities, including administration of the Code                      oversight, analysis and reporting to the Executive Risk
  of Conduct.                                                                      Management Committee on the level of risks relative to the
• The Human Resource Committee oversees human resources                            established risk appetite for all activities of the Company. Other
  and talent practices and policies including compensation.                        responsibilities include: i) developing and maintaining the risk
                                                                                   management program and framework, ii) managing the risk




                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                             71
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C  55
                                   management process, and iii) providing guidance and training            Risks are assessed by evaluating the impact and likelihood of
                                   to business unit and support function leaders.                          the potential risk event after consideration of controls and any
                                                                                                           risk transfer activities. The results of these assessments are
                                   The Company has a number of committees of senior business
                                                                                                           considered relative to risk appetite and may result in action
                                   leaders which provide oversight of specific business risks,
                                                                                                           plans to adjust the risk profile.
                                   including the Financial Risk Management and Operational
                                   Risk Management committees. These committees perform                    Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an ongoing
                                   critical reviews of risk assessments, risk management practices         basis by business units and by oversight areas including the
                                   and risk response plans developed by business units and                 Risk function. The Risk function promotes and coordinates
                                   support functions.                                                      communication and consultation to support effective risk
                                                                                                           management and escalation. The Risk function regularly
                                   Other oversight accountabilities reside with the Company’s
                                                                                                           reports on the results of risk assessments and on the
                                   Legal and Compliance functions which are responsible for
                                                                                                           assessment process to the Executive Risk Management
                                   ensuring compliance with policies, laws and regulations.
                                                                                                           Committee and to the Risk Committee.
                                   Third Line of Defence
                                   The Internal Audit function is the third line of defence and            Risk Management Culture
                                   provides independent assurance to senior management and                 Risk management is everyone’s responsibility within the
                                   the Board of Directors on the effectiveness of the Company’s            organization. The Risk function engages all business units
                                   risk management policies, processes and practices.                      in risk workshops and surveys to foster awareness and to
                                                                                                           incorporate our risk framework into business activities.
                                   Risk Appetite
                                                                                                           We have an established business planning process which
                                   The Executive Risk Management Committee establishes the                 reinforces our risk management culture. Our compensation
                                   Company’s appetite for different types of risk through the Risk         programs are typically objectives-based, do not encourage or
                                   Appetite Framework. Under the Risk Appetite Framework, one of           reward excessive or inappropriate risk taking, and often are
                                   four appetite levels is established for each risk type and business     aligned specifically with risk management objectives.
                                   activity of the Company. These appetite levels range from
                                                                                                           Our risk management program emphasizes integrity, ethical
                                   those where the Company has no appetite for risk and seeks to
                                                                                                           practices, responsible management and measured risk-taking
                                   minimize any losses, to those where the Company readily accepts
                                                                                                           with a long-term view. Our standards of integrity and ethics
                                   exposure while seeking to ensure that risks are well understood
                                                                                                           are reflected within our Code of Conduct which applies to
                                   and managed. These appetite levels guide our business units as
                                                                                                           directors, officers and employees.
                                   they engage in business activities, and inform them in establishing
                                   policies, limits, controls and risk transfer activities.

                                   The Risk Appetite Framework facilitates the alignment
                                                                                                           Key Risks of the Business
                                   of business strategy with risk appetite, supports capital               Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to achieve
                                   deployment assessments, and supports the identification,                strategic and business objectives are identified through our
                                   mitigation, and management of risks.                                    ongoing risk management process.

                                                                                                           Risks are identified based on our established methodology,
                                   Risk Management Process                                                 considering factors both internal and external to the
                                   The Company’s risk management process is designed to foster:            organization. These risks are broadly grouped into three
                                                                                                           categories: financial, operational, and strategic and business.
                                   • Ongoing assessment of risks and tolerance in a changing
                                     operating environment.
                                   • Appropriate identification and understanding of existing and          1) Financial Risk



         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                     emerging risks and risk response.
                                                                                                           This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A and


PART C
                                   • Timely monitoring and escalation of risks based upon                  advisement, liquidity and funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.
                                     changing circumstances.
                                   Significant risks that may adversely affect the Company’s ability       Risks Related to AUM&A
                                   to achieve its strategic and business objectives are identified
                                                                                                           At December 31, 2023, IGM Financial’s AUM&A were $240.2 billion
                                   through the Company’s ongoing risk management process.
                                                                                                           compared to $224.2 billion at December 31, 2022.
                                   We use a consistent methodology across our organizations
                                   and business units for identification and assessment of risks.




                              72 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  56                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory fees                        Foreign currency denominated securities are exposed to
and asset management fees which are applied as an annual                           foreign exchange risk. A depreciation in foreign currency versus
percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A levels are impacted                        the Canadian dollar will cause the Canadian value of securities
by both net sales and changes in the market.                                       to fall while an appreciation in foreign currency versus the
                                                                                   Canadian dollar will cause the Canadian value of securities to
Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty
                                                                                   rise, thus impacting AUM&A, revenue and earnings.
and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,
foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/credit
spreads, or other asset values could cause the Company’s                           Liquidity and Funding Risk
AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline. A general economic                         This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain sufficient
downturn, market volatility, client rebalancing, poor investment                   cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to meet contractual
performance, or a lack of investor confidence could also lead to                   or anticipated commitments as they come due or arise.
lower sales, higher redemption levels and lower AUM&A.
                                                                                   Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have sufficient
The Company believes that exposure to investment returns on                        liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements
its client portfolios is beneficial over the long term to financial                in both normal and stressed conditions. Our liquidity
results and consistent with stakeholder expectations, and                          management practices include:
therefore does not typically engage in risk transfer activities                    • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near
such as hedging in relation to these exposures.                                      term liquidity needs.
The Company’s exposure to market risk aligns with the                              • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management
experience of its clients. AUM are broadly diversified by asset                      processes.
class, geographic region, industry sector, investment team                         • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
and style. The Company regularly reviews the sensitivity of                        • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and the
its AUM, revenues, earnings and cash flow to changes in                              Company’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
financial markets.
                                                                                   • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage
Domestic and foreign equity securities are exposed to equity                         funding sources.
price risk which may negatively impact AUM&A, revenues and                         • Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by the Financial Risk
earnings. Equity price risk can be classified into two categories:                   Management Committee, a committee of finance and other
general equity risk and issuer-specific risk. The Company’s                          business leaders.
internal and external fund managers reduce exposure to
                                                                                   A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor network
issuer-specific risks through diversification.
                                                                                   compensation paid for the distribution of financial products
Fixed-income securities are exposed to interest rate risk. An                      and services. This compensation continues to be paid from
increase in interest rates causes market prices of fixed-income                    operating cash flows.
securities to fall while a decrease in interest rates causes market
                                                                                   The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and
prices to rise, thus impacting AUM&A, revenue and earnings.
                                                                                   temporarily hold mortgages pending sale or securitization




Table 30: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix

                                                                                                                            Investment
As at December 31, 2023                                                                                                          Funds        Total

Cash                                                                                                                               0.8 %         2.1 %
Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                              4.1           4.0




                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Other fixed income                                                                                                                22.6        22.5
Domestic equity                                                                                                                   20.5        25.4


                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C
Foreign equity                                                                                                                    49.7        44.2
Real Property                                                                                                                      2.3           1.8
                                                                                                                                100.0 %      100.0 %
CAD                                                                                                                               50.3 %      56.9 %
USD                                                                                                                               33.5        29.7
Other                                                                                                                             16.2        13.4
                                                                                                                                100.0 %      100.0 %




                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                              73
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               C  57
                                  to long-term funding sources and to manage any derivative                                As at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, the
                                  collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking                                    Company was not utilizing its committed lines of credit or its
                                  operations, residential mortgages are sold to third parties                              uncommitted lines of credit.
                                  including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through
                                                                                                                           Schedule I Canadian chartered banks have provided the
                                  private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored securitization
                                                                                                                           Company with a non-revolving term loan facility related to the
                                  trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act
                                                                                                                           proceeds on the sale of IPC. The term loan facility was repaid
                                  Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) including sales to
                                                                                                                           prior to the sale of IPC.
                                  Canada Housing Trust under the CMB Program. The Company
                                  maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-                               The actuarial valuation for funding purposes related to the
                                  sponsored securitization trusts. Capacity for sales under                                Company’s registered defined benefit pension plan, based on
                                  the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB                                     a measurement date of December 31, 2022, was completed
                                  issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held in the                              during April 2023. The valuation determines the plan surplus
                                  Principal Reinvestment Accounts. The Company’s continued                                 or deficit on both a solvency and going concern basis. The
                                  ability to fund residential mortgages through Canadian bank-                             solvency basis determines the relationship between the plan
                                  sponsored securitization trusts and NHA MBS is dependent on                              assets and its liabilities assuming that the plan is wound up
                                  securitization market conditions and government regulations                              and settled on the valuation date. A going concern valuation
                                  that are subject to change. A condition of the NHA MBS and CMB                           compares the relationship between the plan assets and the
                                  Program is that securitized loans be insured by an insurer that                          present value of the expected future benefit cash flows,
                                  is approved by CMHC. The availability of mortgage insurance is                           assuming the plan will be maintained indefinitely. Based on the
                                  dependent upon market conditions and is subject to change.                               actuarial valuation, the registered pension plan had a solvency
                                                                                                                           surplus of $70.5 million compared to a surplus of $14.4 million
                                  The Company accesses the unsecured long-term debt markets
                                                                                                                           in the previous actuarial valuation, which was based on a
                                  for corporate purposes, and ensures a well-diversified maturity
                                                                                                                           measurement date of December 31, 2021. The improvement in
                                  structure to manage associated funding risks.
                                                                                                                           the funded status resulted largely from interest rate increases.
                                  The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected in Table 31.                         The registered pension plan had a going concern surplus
                                                                                                                           of $127.4 million compared to $95.0 million in the previous
                                  The maturity schedule for long-term debt of $2.4 billion
                                                                                                                           valuation. The next actuarial valuation will be based on a
                                  is reflected in the accompanying chart (Long-Term Debt
                                                                                                                           measurement date of December 31, 2025. During the year, the
                                  Maturity Schedule).
                                                                                                                           Company has made cash contributions of $3.7 million (2022
                                  In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash and                               – $11.5 million). As a result of the valuation filed in April 2023,
                                  cash equivalents, liquidity is available through the Company’s                           IGM Financial received a contribution holiday and is not allowed
                                  lines of credit. The Company’s lines of credit with various                              to make contributions to the pension plan until the next
                                  Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled $800 million at                             actuarial valuation which is expected to be as at December 31,
                                  December 31, 2023, compared to $825 million at December 31,                              2025. Pension contribution decisions are subject to change, as
                                  2022. The lines of credit at December 31, 2023 consisted of                              contributions are affected by many factors including market
                                  committed lines of $650 million and uncommitted lines of                                 performance, regulatory requirements, changes in assumptions
                                  $150 million, compared to $650 million and $175 million at                               and management’s ability to change funding policy.
                                  December 31, 2022. Any advances made by a bank under the
                                                                                                                           Management believes cash flows from operations, available
                                  uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s sole discretion.
                                                                                                                           cash balances and other sources of liquidity are sufficient to



                                  Table 31: Contractual Obligations




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  As at December 31, 2023                                                                                       Less than                             After
                                  ($ millions)                                                                                 Demand              1 Year          1–5 Years        5 Years         Total



PART C
                                  Derivative financial instruments                                                        $            –    $        11.4      $         38.2   $        –    $     49.6
                                  Deposits and certificates(1)                                                                 3,342.8                 0.3                0.5           0.6       3,344.2
                                  Obligations to securitization entities                                                               –            937.1           3,737.5           13.2        4,687.8
                                  Leases(2)                                                                                            –             29.2                84.2         96.9         210.3
                                  Long-term debt                                                                                       –                 –              525.0       1,875.0       2,400.0
                                  Total contractual obligations                                                           $    3,342.8      $       978.0      $    4,385.4     $   1,985.7   $ 10,691.9
                                  (1) Deposits and certificates due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
                                  (2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.




                              74 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  58                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Long-Term Debt Maturity Schedule
($ millions)
                   525


                                                                                                                              450




                                                                                                                                                       300
               Jan 400
                                                                                                                                          250

                                                                                           200                                      200
                                          175
                                    150         150



               Dec 125


 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 2031 2032 2033 2034 2035 2036 2037 2038 2039 2040 2041 2042 2043 2044 2045 2046 2047 2048 2049 2050 2051 2052 2053

                                                                                  Year




meet the Company’s liquidity needs. The Company continues to                             – $293.2 million) and other corporate commercial paper of nil
have the ability to meet its operational cash flow requirements,                         (2022 – $45.0 million).
its contractual obligations, and its declared dividends. The
                                                                                         The Company manages credit risk related to cash and cash
current practice of the Company is to declare and pay dividends
                                                                                         equivalents by adhering to its Investment Policy that outlines
to common shareholders on a quarterly basis at the discretion
                                                                                         credit risk parameters and concentration limits. The Company
of the Board of Directors. The declaration of dividends by
                                                                                         regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties.
the Board of Directors is dependent on a variety of factors,
                                                                                         The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial
including earnings which are significantly influenced by the
                                                                                         instruments is their carrying value.
impact that market risk has on the Company’s fee income
and commission and certain other expenses. The Company’s                                 The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding                           related to cash and cash equivalents and fixed income securities
risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.                                have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.

                                                                                         IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of
Credit Risk                                                                              $3,365.7 million (2022 – $4,029.7 million) are held with Schedule
This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a counterparty                      I chartered banks and approximately 93% of the deposits
to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.                                          were insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation at
                                                                                         December 31, 2023.
The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash and
cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolio,                           Mortgage Portfolio
and use of over-the-counter derivatives. The Company                                     At December 31, 2023, residential mortgages, recorded on the
monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing                              Company’s balance sheet, of $5.1 billion (2022 – $5.0 billion)
basis to evaluate their effectiveness.                                                   consisted of $4.7 billion sold to securitization programs (2022
                                                                                         – $4.6 billion), $375.5 million held pending sale or securitization
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit
                                                                                         (2022 – $371.9 million) and $11.5 million related to the




                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
At December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents of
                                                                                         Company’s intermediary operations (2022 – $12.7 million).
$544.6 million (2022 – $1,072.9 million) consisted of cash


                                                                                                                                                                                         PART C
balances of $216.5 million (2022 – $346.3 million) on deposit                            The Company manages credit risk related to residential
with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of                                    mortgages through:
$328.1 million (2022 – $726.6 million). Cash equivalents are                             • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;
comprised of Government of Canada treasury bills totalling                               • Its loan servicing capabilities;
$0.5 million (2022 – $81.6 million), provincial government
                                                                                         • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and mortgage
treasury bills and promissory notes of $36.4 million (2022 –
                                                                                           portfolio default insurance held by the Company; and
$306.8 million), bankers’ acceptances of $291.2 million (2022




                                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                 75
                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C  59
                                  • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through        The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
                                    a network of Mortgage Advisors and IG Wealth Management              related to mortgage portfolios have not changed materially
                                    advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan.                       since December 31, 2022.

                                  In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms and     Derivatives
                                  nature of securitization transactions as described below:
                                                                                                         The Company is exposed to credit risk through derivative
                                  • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.4 billion (2022               contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate
                                    – $2.5 billion), the Company is obligated to make timely             securitization transactions and to hedge market risk related
                                    payment of principal and coupons irrespective of whether             to certain stock-based compensation arrangements. These
                                    such payments were received from the mortgage borrower.              derivatives are discussed more fully under the Market Risk
                                    However, as required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the             section of this MD&A.
                                    loans are insured by an approved insurer.
                                                                                                         To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in
                                  • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-
                                                                                                         a gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk
                                    sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.3 billion (2022
                                                                                                         if its counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under
                                    – $2.1 billion) is limited to amounts held in cash reserve
                                                                                                         these arrangements.
                                    accounts and future net interest income, the fair values of
                                    which were $58 million (2022 – $55.2 million) and $37 million        The Company’s derivative activities are managed in accordance
                                    (2022 – $21.3 million), respectively, at December 31, 2023.          with its Derivative Policy which includes counterparty limits and
                                    Cash reserve accounts are reflected on the balance sheet,            other parameters to manage counterparty risk. The aggregate
                                    whereas rights to future net interest income are not                 credit risk exposure related to derivatives that are in a gain
                                    reflected on the balance sheet and will be recorded over             position of $51.2 million (2022 – $71.2 million) does not give
                                    the life of the mortgages.                                           effect to any netting agreements or collateral arrangements.
                                                                                                         The exposure to credit risk, considering netting agreements
                                  At December 31, 2023, residential mortgages recorded
                                                                                                         and collateral arrangements and including rights to future net
                                  on balance sheet were 50.7% insured (2022 – 53.3%). At
                                                                                                         interest income, was $3.7 million at December 31, 2023 (2022
                                  December 31, 2023, impaired mortgages on these portfolios
                                                                                                         – $10.5 million). Counterparties are all Canadian Schedule I
                                  were $3.1 million, compared to $2.2 million at December 31,
                                                                                                         chartered banks and, as a result, management has determined
                                  2022. Uninsured non-performing mortgages over 90 days
                                                                                                         that the Company’s overall credit risk related to derivatives was
                                  on these portfolios were $2.8 million at December 31, 2023,
                                                                                                         not significant at December 31, 2023. Management of credit
                                  compared to $1.7 million at December 31, 2022.
                                                                                                         risk related to derivatives has not changed materially since
                                  The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk               December 31, 2022.
                                  on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and
                                                                                                         Additional information related to the Company’s securitization
                                  Short-Term Income Fund through an agreement to repurchase
                                                                                                         activities and utilization of derivative contracts can be found in
                                  mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds. These
                                                                                                         Notes 2, 7, 8 and 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                  loans are not recorded on the Company’s balance sheet as
                                  the Company has transferred substantially all of the risks and
                                  rewards of ownership associated with these loans.                      Market Risk
                                  The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of the                This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values of the
                                  mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected               Company’s financial instruments due to changes in interest
                                  credit losses.                                                         rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.

                                  The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was                 Interest Rate Risk
                                  $0.7 million at December 31, 2023, decreased from $0.8 million at      IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its mortgage
                                  December 31, 2022, and is considered adequate by management            portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios         used in our mortgage banking operations.
                                  based on: i) historical credit performance experience, ii) recent

PART C
                                  trends including increasing interest rates, iii) current portfolio     The Company manages interest rate risk associated with its
                                  credit metrics and other relevant characteristics, iv) our strong      mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate
                                  financial planning relationship with our clients, and v) stress        swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:
                                  testing of losses under adverse real estate market conditions.         • The Company has in certain instances funded floating rate
                                                                                                           mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds as part
                                                                                                           of the securitization transactions under the CMB Program.




                              76 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  60                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
  As part of the CMB Program, the Company is party to a                            The Company sponsors a number of deferred compensation
  swap whereby it is entitled to receive investment returns                        arrangements where payments to participants are deferred
  on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated to pay                         and linked to the performance of the common shares of IGM
  Canada Mortgage Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value                         Financial Inc. The Company hedges its exposure to this risk
  of $7.7 million (December 31, 2022 – $20.5 million) and an                       through the use of forward agreements and total return swaps.
  outstanding notional amount of $0.2 billion at December 31,
  2023 (December 31, 2022 – $0.2 billion). The Company enters                      Foreign Exchange Risk
  into interest rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered                      IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
  banks to hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on                        investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the
  floating rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline.                        carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange rates
  The fair value of these swaps totalled negative $12.5 million                    are recognized in Other comprehensive income. As at
  (December 31, 2022 – negative $19.6 million), on an                              December 31, 2023, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
  outstanding notional amount of $1.4 billion at December 31,                      Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
  2023 (December 31, 2022 – $1.3 billion). The net fair value of                   decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of foreign
  these swaps of negative $4.8 million at December 31, 2023                        investments by approximately $128.1 million ($141.6 million).
  (December 31, 2022 – positive $0.9 million) is recorded on
                                                                                   The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and
  the balance sheet and has an outstanding notional amount
                                                                                   Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share
  of $1.6 billion (December 31, 2022 – $1.5 billion).
                                                                                   of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of
• The Company is exposed to the impact that changes in                             Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange
  interest rates may have on the value of mortgages committed                      rates. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the impact to
  to or held pending sale or securitization to long-term                           net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian
  funding sources. The Company enters into interest rate                           currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease
  swaps to hedge the interest rate risk related to funding                         (increase) the Company’s proportionate share of associates’
  costs for mortgages held by the Company pending sale or                          earnings by approximately $4.9 million ($5.4 million).
  securitization. Hedge accounting is applied to the cost of funds
  on certain securitization activities. The effective portion of fair
  value changes of the associated interest rate swaps are initially                2) Operational Risk
  recognized in Other comprehensive income and subsequently                        This is the risk of financial loss, reputational damage or
  recognized in Wealth Management revenue over the term of                         regulatory actions resulting from inadequate or failed internal
  the related Obligations to securitization entities. The fair value               processes or systems, human interaction or external events.
  of these swaps was negative $1.1 million (December 31, 2022
                                                                                   We are exposed to a broad range of operational risks, including
  – positive $4.7 million) on an outstanding notional amount of
                                                                                   information security and system failures, errors relating to
  $181.5 million at December 31, 2023 (December 31, 2022 –
                                                                                   transaction processing, financial models and valuations, failure
  $191.6 million).
                                                                                   of key third parties, fraud and misappropriation of assets, and
As at December 31, 2023, the impact to annual net earnings                         inadequate application of internal control processes.
of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been
                                                                                   Operational risks relating to people and processes are mitigated
an increase of approximately $0.5 million (December 31, 2022
                                                                                   through policies and process controls. Oversight of risks and
– decrease of $1.7 million). The Company’s exposure to and
                                                                                   ongoing evaluation of the effectiveness of controls is provided by
management of interest rate risk have not changed materially
                                                                                   the Company’s Risk, Compliance, and Internal Audit functions.
since December 31, 2022.
                                                                                   The Company’s insurance governance process includes
Equity Price Risk
                                                                                   oversight by the Insurance Steering Committee and senior
IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our equity                        executives. As part of this process, the nature and extent




                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
investments which are classified as either fair value through                      of the Company’s insurance is regularly reviewed to ensure
other comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss,                   coverage remains appropriate and complies with relevant laws,

                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C
and on our investments in associates, which are accounted for                      regulations, and contractual agreements.
using the equity method. The fair value of the other investments
was $0.9 billion at December 31, 2023 (December 31, 2022 –                         The business unit leaders are responsible for management of
$0.8 billion), as shown in Table 22, and the carrying value of the                 the day to day operational risks of their respective business
investment in associates was $3.7 billion at December 31, 2023                     units. Specific programs, policies, training, standards and
(December 31, 2022 – $2.1 billion).                                                governance processes have been developed to help manage
                                                                                   operational risk.




                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                             77
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               C  61
                                   Technology and Cyber Risk                                               Legal and Regulatory Risk
                                   This is the risk related to unplanned downtime on critical              This is the risk of not complying with laws, contractual
                                   business processes, loss of customer/business data and/or               agreements or regulatory requirements. These risks relate
                                   the misalignment between the technology capabilities of the             to regulation governing product distribution, investment
                                   organization and its business strategy.                                 management, accounting, reporting and communications.

                                   Technology underpins our business operations and the client,            The Company is subject to complex and changing legal, taxation
                                   employee and advisor experience. As a result, we are exposed            and regulatory requirements, including the requirements of
                                   to cyber security risks such as identity theft, compromise of           agencies of the federal, provincial and territorial governments
                                   technology systems and malicious software attacks. Globally,            in Canada which regulate the Company and its activities.
                                   the volume of these activities has increased and could                  The Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to the
                                   compromise confidential information of the Company and                  requirements of new single self-regulatory organization, the
                                   its clients or other stakeholders and result in other negative          Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO). These
                                   consequences including lost revenue, litigation, regulatory             and other regulatory bodies regularly adopt new laws, rules,
                                   scrutiny or reputational damage. Our enterprise-wide cyber              regulations and policies that apply to the Company and its
                                   security programs, benchmarking of capabilities to sound                subsidiaries. These requirements include those that apply to
                                   industry practices, and threat and vulnerability assessment and         IGM Financial as a publicly traded company and those that apply
                                   response capabilities provide resiliency in addressing this risk.       to the Company’s subsidiaries based on the nature of their
                                                                                                           activities. They include regulations related to the management and
                                   Third Party Risk                                                        provision of financial products and services, including securities,
                                                                                                           insurance and mortgages, and other activities carried on by
                                   This is the risk that exists due to the use of external parties to
                                                                                                           the Company in the markets in which it operates. Regulatory
                                   assist or wholly perform activities necessary to the operations
                                                                                                           standards affecting the Company and the financial services
                                   and strategy of the business.
                                                                                                           industry are significant and continually evolve. The Company
                                   We regularly engage third parties to provide expertise and              and its subsidiaries are subject to reviews as part of the normal
                                   efficiencies that support our operational activities. Our               ongoing process of oversight by the various regulators.
                                   exposure to third party risk could include reputational,
                                                                                                           Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations could lead
                                   regulatory and other operational risks. Policies, standard
                                                                                                           to regulatory sanctions and civil liability, and may have an
                                   operating procedures and dedicated resources, including a
                                                                                                           adverse reputational or financial effect on the Company. The
                                   supplier code of conduct and material outsourcing policy, have
                                                                                                           Company manages legal and regulatory risk through its efforts
                                   been developed and implemented to specifically address third
                                                                                                           to promote a strong culture of compliance. The monitoring of
                                   party risk. We perform due diligence and monitoring activities
                                                                                                           regulatory developments and their impact on the Company is
                                   before entering into contractual relationships with third parties
                                                                                                           overseen by the Regulatory Initiatives Committee chaired by
                                   and on an ongoing basis. As our reliance on third parties
                                                                                                           the Executive Vice-President, General Counsel. The Company
                                   continues to grow, we continue to enhance resources and
                                                                                                           also continues to develop and maintain compliance policies,
                                   processes to support third party risk management.
                                                                                                           processes and oversight, including specific communications on
                                                                                                           compliance and legal matters, training, testing, monitoring and
                                   Model Risk                                                              reporting. The Audit Committee of the Board receives regular
                                   This is the risk of financial loss or reputational harm resulting       reporting on compliance initiatives and issues.
                                   from conclusions and decisions based on incorrect or                    The Company promotes a strong culture of ethics and integrity
                                   misused models.                                                         through its Code of Conduct approved by the Board of
                                   We use a variety of models to assist in: the valuation of financial     Directors, which outlines standards of conduct that apply to
                                                                                                           all IGM Financial directors, officers and employees. The Code




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   instruments, operational scenario testing, management of
                                   cash flows, capital management, and assessment of potential             of Conduct references many policies relating to the conduct
                                                                                                           of directors, officers and employees. Other corporate policies

PART C
                                   acquisitions. These models incorporate internal assumptions,
                                   observable market inputs and available market prices. Effective         cover anti-money laundering and privacy. Training is provided
                                   controls exist over the development, implementation and                 on these policies on an annual basis. Individuals subject to
                                   application of these models. However, changes in the internal           the Code of Conduct attest annually that they understand the
                                   assumptions or other factors affecting the models could have            requirements and have complied with its provisions.
                                   an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial
                                   position and reputation.




                              78 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  62                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Privacy Risk                                                                       aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
                                                                                   consolidated financial position.
Privacy risk is the potential for access to, collection, use,
transfer, disclosure and retention of personal information
in contravention of applicable laws, regulations and/or                            People Risk
ethical standards. Our clients entrust us with their personal                      This risk refers to the potential inability to: attract or retain
information, and we have a regulatory and ethical responsibility                   employees or Wealth Management advisors; have a diverse,
to protect it. We collect only the personal information that is                    equitable and inclusive workforce; provide development
necessary to provide our products and services to clients, and                     opportunities to achieve current and future business
where we have consent to do so.                                                    objectives; support employee wellbeing and engagement;
                                                                                   and sustain ongoing personnel or business succession and/or
If we need to share clients’ personal information with third
                                                                                   transition plans.
parties, we remain responsible for that information and protect it
through contractual and other measures that commit the service                     We manage this risk through competitive compensation and
providers to maintain levels of protection comparable to ours.                     benefit offerings, training and development programs, and
                                                                                   periodic employee and advisor surveys.
IGM Financial has established an enterprise Privacy Risk
Management Framework to manage privacy risk. Our                                   We have a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Strategy with the
Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) leads and oversees our privacy                         purpose of driving an inclusive, equitable and consistent
program, partnering with cross-functional teams to develop                         experience for employees, Wealth Management advisors,
and implement enterprise-wide policies, standards and                              and clients that supports our business objectives now and
controls regarding the handling and safeguarding of personal                       into the future. To achieve the desired outcomes, we focus on
information. Ultimately reporting to the CPO, enterprise and                       three pillars of action: raising awareness; improving inclusive
operating company privacy delegates work with front-line                           leadership behaviours; and building external partnerships and
business units to address privacy matters.                                         community engagement.

Employees and advisors are required to complete mandatory                          We also have a Wellness Strategy to support our employees’
privacy training at onboarding, and annually thereafter. The                       wellbeing with a goal to ensure our employees are physically
training includes our privacy obligations, privacy best practices,                 thriving, emotionally balanced, socially connected and
and how to prevent, handle and report privacy breaches,                            financially secure.
complaints and access to information requests.

                                                                                   Business Continuity Management
Contingencies
                                                                                   This is the risk that the organization cannot effectively
The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal                      recover and maintain critical business processes in the event
course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed                               of a disruption (internal, third-party, physical or natural
class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against                       circumstances) or respond to a crisis or emergency event.
Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
                                                                                   A business continuity management program ensures the
that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing
                                                                                   Company’s critical processes function in the event of a
commissions to order execution only dealers. This action was
                                                                                   business disruption.
certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed
class action concerning the same subject matter was filed                          The Company’s crisis response plan outlines policies and
against Mackenzie.                                                                 procedures to address situations that could significantly impact
                                                                                   the organization’s reputation, brands or business operations.
In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of
                                                                                   A crisis assessment team comprised of senior leadership is
our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
                                                                                   responsible for setting strategy, overseeing response and




                                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to a
                                                                                   ensuring appropriate subject matter experts are engaged in
technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The Company
                                                                                   scenario-dependent crisis response teams.

                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C
has notified impacted clients and offered credit monitoring at no
cost for two years to all clients. Four proposed class actions have                On a regular basis, the Company tests business continuity
been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident.                             and disaster recovery plans as well as conducting crisis
                                                                                   simulation exercises.
Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal
actions, based on current knowledge, management does not
expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in




                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                            79
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               C  63
                                   3) Strategic and Business Risk                                          governance is essential to the well-being of the Company
                                                                                                           and our shareholders.
                                   This is the risk of potential adverse impacts resulting from
                                   factors in the external environment or related to the strategy          Oversight of IGM Financial is performed by the Board of
                                   or specific business activities of the Company.                         Directors directly and through its five committees. The
                                                                                                           Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer has overall
                                                                                                           responsibility for management of the Company. The Company’s
                                   General Business Conditions
                                                                                                           activities are carried out principally by two operating
                                   This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on           companies – Investors Group Inc., and Mackenzie Financial
                                   IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other external              Corporation – each of which are managed by a President and
                                   factors relating to the marketplace.                                    Chief Executive Officer. The Company also has a strategy
                                   Global economic conditions, changes in equity markets, inflation        execution oversight function and committee that reviews
                                   and demographics can affect investor confidence, income levels          and approves strategic initiative business cases and oversees
                                   and savings. In addition, geopolitical risk, government instability     progress against our strategic priorities and objectives.
                                   and other factors can influence inflation, interest rates, global       The President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
                                   economic growth, and business conditions in markets in which            in collaboration with the Board of Directors, is responsible
                                   the Company operates. These environments could result in                each year to develop, review and update the Company’s
                                   reduced sales of IGM Financial’s products and services and/or           strategic plan. The strategic plan sets out both the annual and
                                   result in investors redeeming their investments. These factors          longer-term objectives for the Company in light of emerging
                                   may also affect the level and volatility of financial markets and       opportunities and risks and with a view to the Company’s
                                   the value of the Company’s AUM, as described more fully under           sustained profitable growth and long-term value creation.
                                   the Risks Related to AUM&A section of this MD&A.                        The Board is responsible for approving the Company’s overall
                                   To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating                  business strategy. In carrying out this responsibility, the Board
                                   subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores                 reviews the short-, medium- and long-term risks associated
                                   the importance of financial planning across economic cycles.            with the strategic plan, considers the strengths and potential
                                   The Company and the industry continue to take steps to                  weaknesses of trends and opportunities, and approves the
                                   educate Canadian investors on the merits of financial planning,         Company’s annual business, financial and capital management
                                   diversification and long-term investing. In periods of volatility,      plans. A portion of each Board meeting is dedicated to
                                   Wealth Management advisors and independent financial                    discussion of strategic matters including receiving updates on
                                   advisors play a key role in assisting investors in maintaining          the progress and implementation of the strategic plan.
                                   perspective and focus on their long-term objectives.
                                                                                                           Competitive Risk
                                   Redemption rates for long-term funds are summarized in
                                   Table 32 and are discussed in the Wealth Management and                 Product / Service Offering
                                   the Asset Management Segment Operating Results sections                 This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on
                                   of this MD&A.                                                           IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or service
                                                                                                           performance, quality or breadth.
                                   Strategy Setting                                                        IGM Financial and its subsidiaries operate in a highly
                                   This is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate strategic        competitive environment, competing with other financial
                                   objectives resulting in an impact on business performance.              service providers, investment managers and product and
                                                                                                           service types. Client development and retention can be
                                   IGM Financial believes in the importance of good corporate              influenced by a number of factors, including investment
                                   governance and the central role played by directors in                  performance, products and services offered by competitors,
                                   the governance process. We believe that sound corporate




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                           relative service levels, relative pricing, product attributes,



PART C
                                  Table 32: Twelve Month Trailing Redemption Rate for Long-term Funds

                                                                                                                                                           2023        2022
                                                                                                                                                         Dec. 31     Dec. 31

                                  IGM Financial Inc.
                                    IG Wealth Management                                                                                                   12.2 %       10.0 %
                                    Mackenzie                                                                                                              17.1 %       16.0 %




                              80 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  64                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
reputation and actions taken by competitors. This competition                       distribution relationship in these relationships and the relative
could have an adverse impact upon the Company’s financial                           size of these accounts, gross sale and redemption activity
position and operating results. Please refer to The Competitive                     can be more pronounced in these accounts than in a retail
Landscape section of this MD&A for further discussion.                              relationship. Mackenzie’s ability to market its investment
                                                                                    products is highly dependent on continued access to these
We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent
                                                                                    distribution networks. Lack of access could have a material
financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients
                                                                                    adverse effect on Mackenzie’s operating results and business
with a high level of service and support and a broad range
                                                                                    prospects. Mackenzie is well positioned to manage this risk and
of investment products, with a focus on building enduring
                                                                                    to continue to build and enhance its distribution relationships.
relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries also continually
                                                                                    Mackenzie’s diverse portfolio of financial products and its long-
review their respective product and service offering and
                                                                                    term investment performance record, marketing, educational
pricing to ensure competitiveness in the marketplace.
                                                                                    and service support has made Mackenzie one of Canada’s
We strive to deliver strong investment performance on our                           leading investment management companies. These factors
products relative to benchmarks and peers. Poor investment                          are discussed further in the Asset Management Review of the
performance relative to benchmarks or peers could reduce                            Business section of this MD&A.
the level of AUM and sales and asset retention, as well as
adversely impact our brands and reputation. Meaningful and/                         Regulatory Development Risk
or sustained underperformance could affect the Company’s
                                                                                    This is the potential for changes to regulatory, legal, or tax
results. Our objective is to cultivate investment processes and
                                                                                    requirements that may have an adverse impact on the
disciplines that give us a competitive advantage, and we do this
                                                                                    Company’s business activities or financial results.
by diversifying our AUM and product shelf by investment team,
brand, asset class, mandate, style and geographic region.                           We are exposed to the risk of changes in laws, taxation and
                                                                                    regulation that could have an adverse impact on the Company.
Business / Client Relationships                                                     Particular regulatory initiatives may have the effect of making
This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts on                       the products of the Company’s subsidiaries appear to be
IGM Financial resulting from changes to key business or client                      less competitive than the products of other financial service
relationships. These relationships primarily include IG Wealth                      providers, to third party distribution channels and to clients.
Management clients and advisors, Mackenzie retail distribution,                     Regulatory differences that may impact the competitiveness
strategic and significant business partners, clients of Mackenzie                   of the Company’s products include regulatory costs, tax
funds, and sub-advisors and other product suppliers.                                treatment, disclosure requirements, transaction processes or
IG Wealth Management derives all of its investment fund                             other differences that may be as a result of differing regulation
sales, insurance sales, and mortgage and banking sales                              or application of regulation. Regulatory developments may
through its advisor network. IG Wealth Management advisors                          also impact product structures, pricing, and dealer and advisor
have regular direct contact with clients which can lead to a                        compensation. In July, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory
strong and personal client relationship based on the client’s                       Commission (CSRC) initiated a work plan for the fee reform
confidence in that individual advisor. The market for advisors is                   of the mutual fund industry, which the CSRC has indicated is
extremely competitive. The loss of a significant number of key                      designed to continue to promote the high-quality development
advisors could lead to the loss of client accounts which could                      of the Chinese investment fund industry. Concurrently,
have an adverse effect on IG Wealth Management’s results                            ChinaAMC announced fee reductions on certain mutual funds.
of operations and business prospects, as well as our culture                        These reductions reduce the revenues of ChinaAMC and
and ability to attract key advisors. IG Wealth Management is                        impact the earnings that IGM Financial recognizes related to
focused on strengthening its distribution network of advisors                       its investment in ChinaAMC. These changes are not expected
and on responding to the complex financial needs of its clients                     to be material to IGM Financial. We believe these changes will




                                                                                                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC.
by delivering a diverse range of products and services in the                       help encourage broader participation of retail and institutional
context of personalized financial advice.                                           investors in the development of a fast growing industry.


                                                                                                                                                                                       PART C
                                                                                    While the Company and its subsidiaries actively monitor such
Mackenzie derives the majority of its mutual fund sales through                     initiatives, and where feasible comment upon or discuss them
third party financial advisors. Financial advisors generally                        with regulators, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries
offer their clients investment products in addition to, and in                      to mitigate the imposition of differential regulatory treatment of
competition with Mackenzie. Mackenzie also derives sales                            financial products or services is limited.
of its investment products and services from its strategic
alliance and institutional clients. Due to the nature of the




                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                                 81
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    C  65
                                   The Company continuously monitors regulatory developments,              climate-related risks and opportunities and is designed to
                                   guidance and communications.                                            be used with IFRS S1. The effective date in Canada is currently
                                                                                                           unknown; however, the standards could apply to the Company
                                   Acquisition Risk                                                        as early as December 31, 2024 subject to adoption by the
                                                                                                           Canadian Securities Administrators. The Company will continue
                                   This risk refers to the potential that desired objectives are
                                                                                                           to monitor any updates and future developments.
                                   not attained from the Company’s acquisitions and strategic
                                   investments. The Company undertakes thorough due diligence              Environmental risks include issues such as climate change,
                                   prior to completing an acquisition, but there is no assurance           biodiversity and land use, pollution, waste, and the
                                   that the Company will achieve the expected strategic objectives         unsustainable use of energy, water and other resources. Social
                                   or cost and revenue synergies subsequent to an acquisition.             risks include issues such as human rights; labour standards;
                                   Subsequent changes in the economic environment and other                diversity, equity and inclusion; Indigenous reconciliation; and
                                   unanticipated factors may affect the Company’s ability to achieve       community impacts.
                                   expected earnings growth or expense reductions. The success
                                                                                                           The Company’s Executive Risk Management Committee is
                                   of an acquisition and of the Company’s strategic investments is
                                                                                                           responsible for oversight of the risk management process,
                                   dependent on retaining AUM, clients, and key employees of an
                                                                                                           including E&S and climate change risks. The Executive
                                   acquired company.
                                                                                                           Sustainability Committee is responsible for ensuring central
                                                                                                           management governance for sustainability across IGM,
                                   Natural or Human Caused Disasters                                       including policy and strategy, goals and targets, measuring
                                   This is the risk that events such as earthquakes, floods, fire,         progress, and reviewing public reports and disclosures.
                                   tornadoes, pandemics, or terrorism could adversely affect the           Our commitment to responsible management is demonstrated
                                   Company’s financial performance.                                        through various mechanisms. These include our Code of
                                   Catastrophic events can cause economic uncertainty,                     Conduct for employees, contractors, and directors; our
                                   affect investor confidence, income levels and financial                 Supplier Code of Conduct; our Workplace Harassment and
                                   planning decisions. This could affect the level and volatility          Discrimination Prevention Policy; our Diversity Policy; our
                                   of financial markets and the level of the Company’s AUM&A.              Environmental Policy; and other related policies.
                                   The Company has an insurance review process where it                    IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, and their
                                   assesses and determines the nature and extent of insurance              investment sub-advisors, are signatories to the Principles for
                                   that is appropriate to provide adequate protection against              Responsible Investment (PRI). Under the PRI, investors formally
                                   unexpected losses, and where it is required by law, regulators          commit to incorporate environmental, social and governance
                                   or contractual agreements.                                              (ESG) issues into their investment decision making and active
                                                                                                           ownership processes. In addition, our operating companies
                                   Environmental and Social Risk                                           have implemented Sustainable Investment Policies outlining
                                   (Including Climate Change)                                              the practices at each company.

                                   This is the potential for financial loss or other unfavourable          IGM Financial reports annually on sustainability management
                                   impacts resulting from the Company’s inability to manage                and performance in its Sustainability Report available on
                                   or respond to changing environmental or social (E&S) issues             our website.
                                   connected to our business operations, investment activities,
                                                                                                           IGM Financial is a long-standing participant in the CDP
                                   meeting our sustainability commitments, and increasingly for
                                                                                                           (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), which promotes
                                   regulatory compliance. We recognize that E&S risks can be
                                                                                                           corporate disclosures on greenhouse gas emissions and
                                   within our operations or impact stakeholders along our supply
                                                                                                           climate change management including setting and monitoring
                                   chain, including clients, investee companies and suppliers.
                                                                                                           emission reduction targets.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   On June 26, 2023, the International Sustainability Standards
                                                                                                           Global practices are continually evolving relating to the
                                   Board (ISSB) issued its first two sustainability standards: IFRS S1

PART C
                                                                                                           identification, analysis, and management of climate risks and
                                   – General Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related
                                                                                                           opportunities. The Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on
                                   Financial Information (IFRS S1) and IFRS S2 – Climate-related
                                                                                                           Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) was established
                                   Disclosures (IFRS S2). IFRS S1 sets out the general requirements
                                                                                                           in response to investor demand for enhanced information on
                                   for disclosing material information about sustainability-related
                                                                                                           climate-related risks and opportunities. IGM Financial and its
                                   risks and opportunities to meet investor information needs,
                                                                                                           operating companies support the TCFD recommendations
                                   and IFRS S2 sets out specific disclosure requirements for
                                                                                                           which include a framework for consistent, voluntary climate-




                              82 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  66                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
related financial disclosures that provide decision-useful                          3. Demonstrating alignment through our corporate actions – We
information to investors, analysts, rating agencies and other                          will hold ourselves to a similar standard that we expect from
stakeholders. Various global regulators and standard setting                          the companies we invest in and empower our employees to
bodies, including the International Sustainability Standards                          stand behind our commitments.
Board, are publishing guidelines and standards aligned with
                                                                                    Our operating companies are active participants in collaborative
the TCFD recommendations.
                                                                                    industry groups that support our climate commitments by
TCFD Disclosure                                                                     engaging companies on improving climate change governance,
                                                                                    reducing emissions and strengthening climate-related financial
The TCFD recommends that organizations disclose information
                                                                                    disclosures. IGM Financial also joined the Partnership for Carbon
about climate-related risks and opportunities in four areas:
                                                                                    Accounting Financials (PCAF) to support our journey to measure
governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.
                                                                                    and disclose the greenhouse gas emissions associated with our
Governance                                                                          mortgage loans and investments.

Our Board is responsible for providing oversight on risk and                        Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified and
strategy, which includes sustainability and climate-related                         assessed within IGM Financial through our business planning
matters. The Board meets with management at least annually                          processes which define our strategic priorities, initiatives and
to discuss plans and emerging ESG issues, including climate.                        budgets. Our climate-related risks and opportunities can be
                                                                                    grouped into the physical impacts of climate change and the
Through its Risk Committee, the Board is responsible for
                                                                                    impacts related to the transition to a low-carbon economy.
ensuring that material ESG and climate-related risks are
appropriately identified, managed and monitored. Its
                                                                                    Risks
responsibilities include ensuring that appropriate procedures
                                                                                    Our climate risks relate primarily to the potential for physical
are in place to identify and manage risks and establish risk
                                                                                    or transition risks to: negatively affect the performance of
tolerances; ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures and
                                                                                    our clients’ investments, resulting in reduced fee revenue;
controls are implemented to manage risks; and reviewing the
                                                                                    harm our reputation; create market risks through shifts in
risk management process on a regular basis to confirm that it
                                                                                    product demand; or lead to new regulatory, legal or disclosure
is functioning effectively.
                                                                                    requirements that could affect our business. Diversification
Senior management at each of our operating companies                                within and across our investment portfolios aids in managing
have primary ownership and accountability for the ongoing                           exposure to any one company, sector or geographic region that
climate risk and opportunity management associated with                             might be exposed to climate-related risks. We are also exposed
their respective activities. Our Executive Risk Management                          to the impact of extreme weather events on our corporate
and Executive Sustainability Committees perform oversight                           properties which could lead to business disruption, and on
functions, and our Chief Risk Officer oversees implementation                       the valuations of investment properties and client mortgages,
of the Corporate Sustainability and Risk Management programs,                       which if not addressed proactively, could affect financial
reporting into the President and Chief Executive Officer.                           performance and the ability to use the assets long-term.

Other management committees and working groups also                                 Our operating companies are committed to sustainable investing
oversee climate-related governance across the Company.                              programs and policies that include a focus on climate risk.

Strategy                                                                            We provide data and tools for our investment teams to carry
                                                                                    out current and forward-looking climate analysis and we
Through IGM Financial’s wealth and asset management
                                                                                    integrate material climate risks into our investment and oversight
businesses, the company plays a role in the global transition
                                                                                    processes for investment management sub-advisors. As part
to a low-carbon economy, with a focus on three key areas:
                                                                                    of the hiring process and ongoing assessment of sub-advisors,
1. Investing in a greener, climate resilient economy – Our                          our teams request information about how ESG, including




                                                                                                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC.
   investment processes and products give us the opportunity                        climate risks and opportunities, is resourced, what processes
   to manage climate risks and create innovative solutions to                       and tools are used, metrics and targets, and how strategy and

                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C
   our ongoing climate issues.                                                      governance are influenced. As we continue to implement the
                                                                                    TCFD recommendations, we are devoting increased resources to
2. Collaborating and engaging to help shape the global transition –
                                                                                    areas such as training, analysis, metrics, target-setting, strategy
   We play a role in bringing climate-smart investment advice
                                                                                    planning and working with collaborative organizations.
   and solutions to clients, helping companies adapt, and
   participating in industry and policy advancements.                               IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie, and their investment
                                                                                    sub-advisors, are signatories to the PRI. Under the PRI, investors




                                                Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                              83
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C  67
                                   formally commit to incorporate ESG issues, including climate            methods such as: (i) risk workshops with business units across
                                   change, into their investment decision making and active                the organization, (ii) risk surveys completed by senior leaders
                                   ownership processes. In addition, IG Wealth Management and              and business unit management, (iii) discussions with key
                                   Mackenzie have implemented sustainable investing policies               stakeholders and business partners, and (iv) by conducting
                                   outlining the practices at their respective companies.                  research on emerging risks and internal and external events
                                                                                                           impacting our business. We use a consistent methodology
                                   Opportunities                                                           across our organizations and business units for identification
                                   We are focused on meeting growing demand for sustainable                and assessment of risks, considering factors both internal and
                                   investing and the opportunity to invest in the transition to            external to the organization. Risks are broadly grouped into
                                   a net-zero economy. We are also increasing our focus on                 three categories: financial, operational, and strategic/business
                                   educating and communicating with clients and advisors on                risks. Climate risk is captured under strategic risks, but we are
                                   sustainable investing and climate change.                               also increasingly focused on defining the relationship of climate
                                                                                                           risk to other risks.
                                   At Mackenzie Investments, sustainable investing is an area of
                                   strategic emphasis, and we have established a dedicated team            Once identified, possible risks are assessed by taking into
                                   within Mackenzie’s Sustainability Centre of Excellence who bring        consideration both the likelihood and severity of the impact
                                   focus to ESG and climate within asset management. Mackenzie             of the risk event using a standard set of assessment criteria
                                   has expanded its suite of funds investing to directly support           including consideration of financial, reputational, operational,
                                   the transition to a low-carbon economy through its acquisition          and regulatory/compliance impact. Based on the assessment,
                                   of Greenchip, an investment boutique which is exclusively               the Risk function will consider our risk appetite and work with
                                   focused on thematic investing to combat climate change;                 the business to put in place measures to mitigate, transfer, or
                                   the launch of the Betterworld team in 2021, that invests in             accept the risk or capitalize on opportunities.
                                   companies making a positive impact on the people and the
                                                                                                           Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an ongoing
                                   planet, and funds prioritizing sustainability and ESG-labelled
                                                                                                           basis by business units and by oversight areas including the
                                   debt, including green bonds.
                                                                                                           Risk function. The Risk function promotes and coordinates
                                   IG Wealth Management has integrated environmental and                   communication and consultation to support effective risk
                                   climate issues into its sub-advisory selection and oversight            management and escalation. It regularly reports on the results
                                   processes, and product development strategy. In 2021,                   of risk assessments and on the assessment process to the
                                   IG Wealth Management launched its Climate Action Portfolios,            Executive Risk Management Committee and to the Board
                                   a suite of four diversified managed solutions which aim to              Risk Committee.
                                   provide clients with the opportunity to support and benefit
                                                                                                           At Mackenzie Investments, each boutique investment team is
                                   from the global transition to net zero emissions.
                                                                                                           responsible for determining when and how climate transition
                                   Scenarios                                                               and physical risks are material, and for incorporating these
                                                                                                           risks into their investment process. We have focused on
                                   We have implemented tools for our investment funds to
                                                                                                           developing resources and tools to assess climate-related
                                   enhance our quantitative assessment of climate risks by
                                                                                                           risks and opportunities for our Mackenzie managed equity
                                   analyzing emissions and other climate-related information at
                                                                                                           portfolios. Through these tools we can assess historical
                                   the investee company, asset class and portfolio levels. This
                                                                                                           greenhouse gas emissions data and portfolio temperature
                                   system enables us to model potential transition pathways and
                                                                                                           alignment to identify the highest emitters and inform
                                   track our portfolios against the goal of limiting global warming
                                                                                                           engagement activities with companies facing transition risks. At
                                   to 2°C above pre-industrial levels and examine the adequacy
                                                                                                           IG Wealth Management, management evaluates the sustainable
                                   of emissions reductions over time in meeting the goals of the
                                                                                                           investing practices of investment manager sub-advisors,
                                   Paris Agreement. We are exploring scenario analysis tools with
                                                                                                           including the integration of climate risks into their investment
                                   external data providers to support us in our efforts to run




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                           and active ownership practice.
                                   climate-related scenario analysis across our business.


PART C
                                                                                                           Engagement
                                   Risk Management
                                                                                                           To maximize stewardship efforts, engagement at Mackenzie
                                   The identification and assessment of risks, including climate
                                                                                                           is undertaken through direct conversations between portfolio
                                   change, is coordinated through the Risk function who provide
                                                                                                           managers and companies/issuers; through Mackenzie
                                   oversight, analysis and reporting on the level of risks relative to
                                                                                                           firm-wide engagements; and through collaborations with
                                   the established risk appetite of the Company. The Risk function
                                                                                                           peers on initiatives where the collective investor voice has
                                   identifies possible risks that could impact our business through
                                                                                                           more influence. At IG Wealth Management, investment




                              84 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  68                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
management sub-advisors including Mackenzie are responsible                      Metrics and Targets
for engagement activities and IG Wealth Management monitors                      We set, monitor and report on climate change-related metrics
their practices as part of regular due diligence and oversight.                  and targets annually in our CDP response and our Sustainability
                                                                                 Report which are available on our website. Mackenzie
Mackenzie Investments is a founding participant in Climate
                                                                                 Investments also joined the Net Zero Asset Managers initiative.
Engagement Canada and participates in CERES’ Investor Network
on Climate Risk. Both Mackenzie and IG Wealth Management                         At Mackenzie, each boutique investment team is responsible
joined Climate Action 100+ and became founding signatories to                    for integrating ESG into its investment process, including
the Canadian Investor Statement on Climate Change.                               determining appropriate GHG emissions and other metrics to
                                                                                 assess climate-related risks and opportunities in investment
                                                                                 strategies. The teams have access to ESG data tools and
                                                                                 metrics to support their assessment.

                                                                                 We currently report Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions, where
                                                                                 possible, including a portion of our Scope 3 investment
                                                                                 emissions and weighted average carbon intensity. We are
                                                                                 continuing to expand and enhance our measurement and
                                                                                 reporting of emissions related to our investment portfolios
                                                                                 as tools and information improves.




                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                             PART C




                                             Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                          85
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             C  69
                                   The Financial Services Environment
                                   Canadians held $6.2 trillion in discretionary financial assets with     full service and discount brokerage subsidiaries. Bank branches
                                   financial institutions at December 31, 2022 based on the most           continue to place increased emphasis on both financial planning
                                   recent report from Investor Economics. The nature of holdings           and mutual funds. In addition, each of the “big six” banks has
                                   was diverse, ranging from demand deposits held for short-term           one or more mutual fund management subsidiaries. Collectively,
                                   cash management purposes to longer-term investments held for            mutual fund assets of the “big six” bank-owned mutual fund
                                   retirement purposes. Approximately 64% ($4.0 trillion) of these         managers and affiliated firms represented 46% of total industry
                                   financial assets are held within the context of a relationship with     long-term mutual fund assets at December 31, 2023.
                                   a financial advisor, and this is the primary channel serving the
                                                                                                           The Canadian mutual fund industry continues to be very
                                   longer-term savings needs of Canadians. Of the $2.2 trillion held
                                                                                                           concentrated, with the 10 largest firms and their subsidiaries
                                   outside of a financial advisory relationship, approximately 60%
                                                                                                           representing 71% of industry long-term mutual fund assets
                                   consisted of bank deposits.
                                                                                                           and 70% of total mutual fund AUM at December 31, 2023.
                                   Financial advisors represent the primary distribution channel           We anticipate continuing consolidation in this segment
                                   for IGM Financial’s products and services, and the core                 of the industry as smaller participants are acquired by
                                   emphasis of our business model is to support these financial            larger organizations.
                                   advisors as they work with clients to plan for and achieve their
                                                                                                           We believe that the financial services industry will continue
                                   financial goals. Multiple sources of emerging research show
                                                                                                           to be influenced by the following trends:
                                   significantly better financial outcomes for Canadians who use
                                   financial advisors compared to those who do not. We actively            • Shifting demographics as the number of Canadians in their
                                   promote the value of financial advice and the importance of a             prime savings and retirement years continues to increase.
                                   relationship with an advisor to develop and remain focused on           • Changes in investor attitudes based on economic conditions.
                                   long-term financial plans and goals.                                    • Continued importance of the role of the financial advisor.
                                                                                                           • Public policy related to retirement savings.
                                   Approximately 38% of Canadian discretionary financial assets
                                   or $2.4 trillion resided in investment funds at December 31,            • Changes in the regulatory environment.
                                   2022, making it the largest financial asset class held by               • A highly competitive landscape.
                                   Canadians. Other asset types include deposit products and               • Advancing and changing technology.
                                   direct securities such as stocks and bonds. Approximately
                                   73% of investment funds are comprised of mutual fund
                                   products, with other product categories including segregated            The Competitive Landscape
                                   funds, hedge funds, pooled funds, closed end funds and                  IG Wealth Management competes directly with other retail
                                   exchange traded funds. With $170 billion in investment fund             financial service providers in the advice segment, including
                                   AUM at December 31, 2023, IGM Financial is among the                    other financial planning firms, as well as full service brokerages,
                                   country’s largest investment fund managers. We believe that             banks and insurance companies. Mackenzie Investments
                                   investment funds are likely to remain the preferred savings             competes directly with other investment managers for AUM,
                                   vehicle of Canadians. They offer the benefits of diversification,       and our products compete with stocks, bonds and other
                                   professional management, flexibility and convenience, and are           asset classes for a share of Canadians’ investment assets.
                                   available in a broad range of mandates and structures to meet
                                                                                                           Competition from other financial service providers, alternative
                                   most investor requirements and preferences.
                                                                                                           product types or delivery channels, and changes in regulations
                                   Traditional distinctions between bank branches, full-service            or public preferences could impact the characteristics of
                                   brokerages, financial planning firms and insurance agent sales          our product and service offerings, including pricing, product
                                   forces have become obscured as many of these financial                  structures, dealer and advisor compensation and disclosure.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   service providers strive to offer comprehensive financial               We monitor developments on an ongoing basis, and engage in
                                   advice implemented through access to a broad product                    policy discussions and develop product and service responses

PART C
                                   shelf. Accordingly, the Canadian financial services industry            as appropriate.
                                   is characterized by a number of large, diversified, vertically-
                                                                                                           IGM Financial continues to focus on our commitment to
                                   integrated participants, similar to IGM Financial, that offer both
                                                                                                           provide quality investment advice and financial products,
                                   financial planning and investment management services.
                                                                                                           service innovations, effective and responsible management
                                   Canadian banks distribute financial products and services               of the Company and long-term value for our clients and
                                   through their traditional bank branches, as well as through their       shareholders. This includes efforts to modernize our




                              86 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  70                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
digital platforms and technology infrastructure to enhance                        Broad Product Capabilities
operations, achieve efficiencies and improve the service
                                                                                  Our subsidiaries continue to develop and launch innovative
experience for our clients. We believe that IGM Financial is
                                                                                  products and strategic investment planning tools to assist
well-positioned to meet competitive challenges and capitalize
                                                                                  advisors in building optimized portfolios for clients.
on future growth opportunities.

Our competitive strength includes:                                                Enduring Client Relationships
• Broad and diversified distribution through more
                                                                                  IGM Financial enjoys significant advantages as a result of the
  than 35,000 financial advisors, with an emphasis on
                                                                                  enduring relationships that advisors have developed with
  comprehensive financial planning.
                                                                                  clients. In addition, our subsidiaries have strong heritages and
• Broad product capabilities, leading brands and quality                          cultures which are challenging for competitors to replicate.
  sub-advisory relationships.
• Enduring client relationships and the long-standing
                                                                                  Part of the Power Corporation
  heritages and cultures of its subsidiaries.
                                                                                  Group of Companies
• Benefits of being part of the Power Corporation group
                                                                                  As part of the Power Corporation group of companies,
  of companies.
                                                                                  IGM Financial benefits through expense savings from shared
Broad and Diversified Distribution                                                service arrangements, as well as through access to distribution,
                                                                                  products and capital.
In addition to owning one of Canada’s largest financial
planning organizations, IG Wealth Management, IGM Financial
has, through Mackenzie, access to distribution through over
30,000 independent financial advisors. Mackenzie also, in
its growing strategic alliance business, partners with global
manufacturing and distribution entities to provide investment
management services.




                                                                                                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                               PART C




                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                           87
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              C  71
                                   Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
                                   Summary of Critical                                                         whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
                                   Accounting Estimates                                                        that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
                                                                                                               These tests involve the use of estimates and assumptions
                                   The preparation of financial statements in accordance with
                                                                                                               appropriate in the circumstances. In assessing the
                                   IFRS requires management to exercise judgment in the process
                                                                                                               recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are used that
                                   of applying accounting policies and requires management to
                                                                                                               include discounted cash flow analysis and application of
                                   make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported
                                                                                                               capitalization multiples to financial and operating metrics
                                   in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying
                                                                                                               based upon precedent acquisition transactions and trading
                                   notes. In applying these policies, management makes subjective
                                                                                                               comparables. Assumptions and estimates employed
                                   and complex judgments that frequently require estimates
                                                                                                               include future changes in AUM resulting from net sales
                                   about matters that are inherently uncertain. Many of these
                                                                                                               and investment returns, pricing and profit margin changes,
                                   policies are common in the financial services industry; others
                                                                                                               discount rates, and capitalization multiples.
                                   are specific to IGM Financial’s businesses and operations.
                                   IGM Financial’s significant accounting policies are described in            The Company completed its annual impairment tests of
                                   detail in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.                  goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets as at April 1,
                                                                                                               2023 financial information and determined there was no
                                   Critical accounting estimates relate to the fair value of financial         impairment in the value of those assets.
                                   instruments, goodwill and intangibles, income taxes, capitalized
                                   sales commissions, provisions and employee benefits.                    • Income taxes – The provision for income taxes is determined
                                                                                                             on the basis of the anticipated tax treatment of transactions
                                   The major critical accounting estimates are summarized below:             recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The
                                   • Fair value of financial instruments – The Company’s financial           determination of the provision for income taxes requires
                                     instruments are carried at fair value, except for loans,                interpretation of tax legislation in a number of jurisdictions.
                                     deposits and certificates, obligations to securitization                Tax planning may allow the Company to record lower income
                                     entities, and long-term debt which are all carried at                   taxes in the current year and income taxes recorded in
                                     amortized cost. The fair value of publicly traded financial             prior years may be adjusted in the current year to reflect
                                     instruments is determined using published market prices.                  management’s best estimates of the overall adequacy
                                     The fair value of financial instruments where published                   of its provisions. Any related tax benefits or changes in
                                     market prices are not available, including Corporate                      management’s best estimates are reflected in the provision
                                     investments and derivatives related to the Company’s                      for income taxes. The recognition of deferred tax assets
                                     securitized loans, are determined using various valuation                 depends on management’s assumption that future earnings
                                     models which maximize the use of observable market inputs                 will be sufficient to realize the future benefit. The amount
                                     where available. Valuation methodologies and assumptions                  of the deferred tax asset or liability recorded is based on
                                     used in valuation models are reviewed on an ongoing basis.                management’s best estimate of the timing of the realization
                                     Changes in these assumptions or valuation methodologies                   of the assets or liabilities. If our interpretation of tax
                                     could result in significant changes in net earnings.                      legislation differs from that of the tax authorities or if timing
                                                                                                               of reversals is not as anticipated, the provision for income
                                   • Goodwill and intangible assets – Goodwill, indefinite life
                                                                                                               taxes could increase or decrease in future periods. Additional
                                     intangible assets, and definite life intangible assets
                                                                                                               information related to income taxes is included in the
                                     are reflected in Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial
                                                                                                               Summary of Consolidated Operating Results in this MD&A
                                     Statements. The Company tests the fair value of goodwill
                                                                                                               and in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                     and indefinite life intangible assets for impairment at least
                                     once a year and more frequently if an event or circumstance           • Capitalized sales commissions – Commissions paid directly by




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                     indicates the asset may be impaired. An impairment loss                   the client based upon the level of new assets contributed
                                     is recognized if the amount of the asset’s carrying amount                to client accounts at IG Wealth Management are deferred

PART C
                                     exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is                 and amortized over a maximum period of seven years.
                                     the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and            The Company regularly reviews the carrying value of
                                     its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment,               capitalized sales commissions with respect to any events
                                     assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there                   or circumstances that indicate impairment. Among the
                                     are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash generating                 tests performed by the Company to assess recoverability
                                     units). Finite life intangible assets are tested for impairment           is the comparison of the future economic benefits derived




                              88 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  72                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
  from the capitalized sales commission asset in relation to                         asset of $61.6 million at December 31, 2023 compared to an
  its carrying value. At December 31, 2023, there were no                            accrued benefit asset of $86.8 million at December 31, 2022.
  indications of impairment to capitalized sales commissions.                        Actuarial gains or losses recorded in Other comprehensive
                                                                                     income, including the defined benefit pension plan, the
• Provisions – A provision is recognized when there is a present
                                                                                     SERPs and post-employment benefit plans, were losses of
  obligation as a result of a past transaction or event, it is
                                                                                     $25.1 million ($18.4 million after tax) for the twelve months
  “probable” that an outflow of resources will be required
                                                                                     ended December 31, 2023.
  to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be
                                                                                     A decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate utilized in 2023
  made of the obligation. In determining the best estimate
                                                                                     would result in a change of $20.4 million in the accrued
  for a provision, a single estimate, a weighted average of all
                                                                                     pension obligation, $18.5 million in other comprehensive
  possible outcomes, or the midpoint where there is a range
                                                                                     income, and $1.9 million in pension expense. Additional
  of equally possible outcomes are all considered. A significant
                                                                                     information regarding the Company’s accounting and
  change in assessment of the likelihood or the best estimate
                                                                                     sensitivities related to pensions and other post-retirement
  may result in additional adjustments to net earnings.
                                                                                     benefits is included in Notes 2 and 16 of the Consolidated
• Employee benefits – The Company maintains a number of                              Financial Statements.
  employee benefit plans. These plans include a funded
  registered defined benefit pension plan (RPP) for all eligible
                                                                                   Changes in Accounting Policies
  employees, unfunded supplementary executive retirement
  plans for certain executive officers (SERPs) and an unfunded                     IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17)
  post-employment health care and life insurance plan for
                                                                                   The IASB issued IFRS 17 which sets out the requirements for
  eligible retirees. The funded registered defined benefit
                                                                                   the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures
  pension plan provides pensions based on length of service
                                                                                   of insurance contracts a company issues, reinsurance
  and final average earnings. The measurement date for the
                                                                                   contracts it holds, and investment contracts with discretionary
  Company’s defined benefit pension plan assets and for the
                                                                                   participation features issued. IFRS 17 is effective for periods
  accrued benefit obligations on all defined benefit plans is
                                                                                   beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Entities adopting
  December 31.
                                                                                   IFRS 17 had the option to defer adoption of IFRS 9 – Financial
  Due to the long-term nature of these plans, the calculation                      Instruments (IFRS 9). Adoption of these standards affected the
  of the accrued benefit asset or liability depends on various                     accounting for the carrying value of the Company’s investment
  assumptions including discount rates, rates of return on                         in Lifeco and the amount that the Company records for its
  assets, the level and types of benefits provided, healthcare                     proportionate share of associate’s earnings. In the fourth
  cost trend rates, projected salary increases, retirement                         quarter of 2022, Lifeco disclosed that the adoption of IFRS 17
  age, mortality and termination rates. The discount rate                          and IFRS 9 was expected to decrease its total equity by
  assumption is determined using a yield curve of AA                               $3.4 billion as at January 1, 2022. Accordingly, the Company
  corporate debt securities. All other assumptions are                             reduced the carrying value of its investment in Lifeco and
  determined by management and reviewed by independent                             retained earnings, at January 1, 2022, by $136 million to reflect
  actuaries who calculate the pension and other future                             its proportionate share of Lifeco’s estimated decrease to total
  benefits expenses and accrued benefit obligations. Actual                        equity. In the second quarter of 2023, the Company revised its
  experience that differs from the actuarial assumptions                           estimate, on a prospective basis, using the final Lifeco disclosed
  will result in actuarial gains or losses as well as changes in                   impact of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 by decreasing the gain on sale of
  benefits expense. The Company records actuarial gains                            Lifeco shares by $6.2 million and increasing the proportionate
  and losses on all of its defined benefit plans in Other                          share of associate’s earnings by $15.1 million.
  comprehensive income.
                                                                                   Additional information of the impact on Lifeco is available in its
  Discount rates have decreased since December 31, 2022.
                                                                                   public disclosures.




                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  The discount rate on the Company’s RPP at December 31,
  2023 was 4.65% compared to 5.25% at December 31, 2022.
                                                                                   IAS 12 – Income Taxes
                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C
  The pension plan assets increased to $536.0 million at
  December 31, 2023 from $510.7 million at December 31,                            The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12 –
  2022 due to market appreciation. The total defined benefit                       Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception
  pension plan obligation increased to $474.4 million at                           to recognizing and disclosing information about deferred
  December 31, 2023 from $423.9 million at December 31,                            tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules
  2022, primarily due to the decrease in the discount rate.                        published by the Organization for Economic Co-operation and
  The defined benefit pension plan had an accrued benefit                          Development (OECD).




                                               Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                             89
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               C  73
                                   Future Accounting Changes                                               The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects which
                                                                                                           will result in changes to existing IFRS standards that may affect
                                   The Company continuously monitors the potential changes
                                                                                                           the Company. Updates will be provided as the projects develop.
                                   proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board
                                   (IASB) and analyzes the effect that changes in the standards
                                   may have on the Company’s operations.




                                   Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                   The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are                    The Company’s management, under the supervision of the
                                   designed to provide reasonable assurance that (a) material              President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
                                   information relating to the Company is made known to the                Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s
                                   President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial           disclosure controls and procedures. Based on their evaluations
                                   Officer by others, particularly during the period in which the          as of December 31, 2023, the President and Chief Executive
                                   annual filings are being prepared, and (b) information required         Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the
                                   to be disclosed by the Company in its annual filings, interim           Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.
                                   filings or other reports filed or submitted by it under securities
                                   legislation is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
                                   within the time periods specified in securities legislation.




                                   Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                   The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is              Control – Integrated Framework (COSO 2013 Framework)
                                   designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the                  published by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
                                   reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial     the Treadway Commission. The Company transitioned to the
                                   statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The           COSO 2013 Framework during 2014. Based on their evaluations
                                   Company’s management is responsible for establishing and                as of December 31, 2023, the President and Chief Executive
                                   maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.         Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the
                                                                                                           Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective
                                   All internal control systems have inherent limitations and
                                                                                                           in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
                                   may become inadequate because of changes in conditions.
                                                                                                           financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
                                   Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
                                                                                                           for external purposes in accordance with IFRS.
                                   provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
                                   statement preparation and presentation.                                 Notwithstanding the above, during the fourth quarter of 2023,
                                                                                                           there have been no changes in the Company’s internal control
                                   The Company’s management, under the supervision of the
                                                                                                           over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are
                                   President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
                                                                                                           reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
                                   Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                           control over financial reporting.
                                   internal control over financial reporting based on the Internal



PART C




                              90 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                   C  74                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Other Information
Transactions with Related Parties                                                 On November 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale
                                                                                  of 100% of IPC to Canada Life.
IGM Financial enters into transactions with Canada Life, which
is a subsidiary of its affiliate, Lifeco, which is a subsidiary                   The acquisition and sale transactions were recorded at
of Power. These transactions are in the normal course of                          fair value.
operations and have been recorded at fair value:
                                                                                  For further information on transactions involving related
• During 2023 and 2022, the Company provided to and                               parties, see Notes 3, 10 and 28 to the Company’s Consolidated
  received from Canada Life certain administrative services                       Financial Statements.
  enabling each organization to take advantage of economies
  of scale and areas of expertise.
• The Company distributes insurance products under a
                                                                                  Outstanding Share Data
  distribution agreement with Canada Life and received                            Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as at
  $51.7 million in distribution fees (2022 – $48.7 million).                      December 31, 2023 totalled 238,131,738. Outstanding stock
  The Company received $59.8 million (2022 – $61.4 million)                       options as at December 31, 2023 totalled 10,902,118 of
  and paid $19.5 million (2022 – $19.5 million) to Canada Life                    which 6,924,596 were exercisable. As at February 9, 2024,
  and related subsidiary companies for the provision of sub-                      outstanding common shares totalled 238,136,813 and
  advisory services for certain investment funds. No fees were                    outstanding stock options totalled 10,823,003 of which
  paid to Canada Life related to the distribution of certain                      6,845,481 were exercisable.
  mutual funds of the Company in 2023 (2022 – $0.6 million).

On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional                           SEDAR
interest in ChinaAMC from Power and sold a portion of its                         Additional information relating to IGM Financial, including
investment in Lifeco to Power.                                                    the Company’s most recent financial statements and Annual
                                                                                  Information Form, is available at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                             PART C




                                              Management's Discussion and Analysis | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                         91
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                            C  75
         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
PART C




                              Page intentionally left blank.




                              C  76                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Financial Statements

   Independent Auditor’s Report                                            94
   Consolidated Statements of Earnings                                     97
   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income                         98
   Consolidated Balance Sheets                                             99
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity             100
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                  101

   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
   Note 1.   Corporate information                                        102
   Note 2.   Summary of material accounting policies                      102
   Note 3.   Discontinued operations                                      107
   Note 4.   Revenues from contracts with customers                       108
   Note 5.   Expenses                                                     109
   Note 6.   Other investments                                            109
   Note 7.   Loans                                                        110
   Note 8.   Securitizations                                              110
   Note 9.   Other assets                                                 111
   Note 10. Investment in associates                                      112
   Note 11. Capital assets                                                114
   Note 12. Capitalized sales commissions                                 115
   Note 13. Goodwill and intangible assets                                115
   Note 14. Deposits and certificates                                     116
   Note 15. Other liabilities                                             116
   Note 16. Employee benefits                                             117
   Note 17. Income taxes                                                  120
   Note 18. Long-term debt                                                122
   Note 19. Share capital                                                 122
   Note 20. Capital management                                            123
   Note 21. Share-based payments                                          123
   Note 22. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                 125
   Note 23. Risk management                                               126




                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
   Note 24. Derivative financial instruments                              129
   Note 25. Fair value of financial instruments                           130

                                                                                                             PART C
   Note 26. Earnings per common share                                     133
   Note 27. Contingent liabilities and guarantees                         133
   Note 28. Related party transactions                                    134
   Note 29. Segmented information                                         134




                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA         C  77
                                   Independent Auditor’s Report
                                   To the Shareholders of IGM Financial Inc.



                                   Opinion
                                   We have audited the consolidated financial statements of IGM Financial Inc. (the “Company”), which comprise the consolidated
                                   balance sheets as at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, changes in
                                   shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material
                                   accounting policy information (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).

                                   In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
                                   as at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with
                                   International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”).



                                   Basis for Opinion
                                   We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian GAAS”). Our responsibilities
                                   under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report.
                                   We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial
                                   statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that
                                   the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



                                   Key Audit Matters
                                   A key audit matter is a matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial
                                   statements for the year ended December 31, 2023. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated
                                   financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.



                                   Other investments – Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (“Wealthsimple”) — Refer to Notes 2, 6 and 25 to
                                   the financial statements


                                   Key Audit Matter Description
                                   The Company’s Other investments balance includes an equity investment in Wealthsimple, which is recognized at fair value through
                                   other comprehensive income. Given that Wealthsimple is a private company, significant management judgment is required in the
                                   determination of the fair value of the investment. In determining fair value, a market approach using observable valuation metrics,
                                   including revenue multiples, and a discounted cash flow analysis were considered by management.

                                   Significant management judgment was required in determining the most appropriate valuation approaches and inputs used in each,
                                   including revenue multiples applied in the market approach. Auditing the fair value of Wealthsimple required a high degree of auditor




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   judgment which resulted in an increased extent of audit effort, including the use of fair value specialists.



PART C




                              94 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   C  78                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
With the assistance of fair value specialists, our audit procedures related to the fair value of Wealthsimple included the following,
among others:
• We evaluated the appropriateness of fair value approaches and developed independent fair value estimates using an independent
  market approach by analyzing comparable public company revenue multiples and using revenue and financial forecasts provided
  to the Company by Wealthsimple.
• We evaluated relevant internal and external information, including industry information, and assessed the reasonability of
  unobservable inputs in instances where these inputs were more subjective.
• We compared the independent fair value estimate to management’s fair value estimate.
• We independently performed a retrospective evaluation and analyzed Wealthsimple’s financial performance using revenue and
  financial forecasts provided to the Company by Wealthsimple in order to determine the impact on the fair value determination.
• We evaluated other available information and considered whether this information corroborated or contradicted the
  Company’s conclusions.



Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
• Management’s Discussion and Analysis
• The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the Annual Report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have performed
on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that
fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this regard.

The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on the work we will perform
on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that
fact to those charged with governance.



Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with IFRS, and for
such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either
intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                        PART C




                                                     Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                95
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                       C  79
                                   Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
                                   Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
                                   misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
                                   is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian GAAS will always detect
                                   a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
                                   or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
                                   financial statements.

                                   As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
                                   throughout the audit. We also:
                                   • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and
                                     perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                                     for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error,
                                     as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
                                   • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the
                                     circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
                                   • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures
                                     made by management.
                                   • Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence
                                     obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s
                                     ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
                                     auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
                                     Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
                                     conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
                                   • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the
                                     financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
                                   • Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the
                                     Company to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of
                                     the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

                                   We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
                                   and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

                                   We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
                                   independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
                                   independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

                                   From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
                                   the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
                                   matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
                                   circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing
                                   so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                                   The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is David Dalziel.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
PART C
                                  /s/ Deloitte LLP
                                   Chartered Professional Accountants
                                   Winnipeg, Manitoba
                                   February 15, 2024




                              96 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   C  80                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
(in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)



For the years ended December 31                                                                                           2023            2022

Revenues
 Wealth management (Note 4)                                                                                      $   2,199,681    $   2,159,870

 Asset management                                                                                                     949,041          967,212
 Dealer compensation expense                                                                                         (314,107)         (327,521)
 Net asset management (Note 4)                                                                                        634,934          639,691

 Net investment income and other                                                                                       37,646           22,238
 Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Notes 2, 10)                                                                          172,977                 –
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 10)                                                                200,137          210,762
                                                                                                                     3,245,375        3,032,561
Expenses (Note 5)
 Advisory and business development                                                                                   1,006,252         962,064
 Operations and support                                                                                               905,704          786,643
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                          65,731           63,574
 Interest (Note 18)                                                                                                   123,231           113,174
                                                                                                                     2,100,918        1,925,455
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                         1,144,457        1,107,106
Income taxes (Note 17)                                                                                                215,077          245,948
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                               929,380          861,158
Net earnings from discontinued operations (Note 3)                                                                    223,131           11,420
Net earnings                                                                                                         1,152,511         872,578
Non-controlling interest (Notes 3, 10)                                                                                  (3,619)          (5,334)
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                    $   1,148,892    $    867,244
Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 26)
 Net earnings available to common shareholders from continuing operations
 – Basic                                                                                                         $        3.89    $        3.59
 – Diluted                                                                                                       $        3.88    $       3.58
 Net earnings available to common shareholders
 – Basic                                                                                                         $        4.83    $       3.64
 – Diluted                                                                                                       $        4.82    $        3.63

(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                             PART C




                                                               Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report           97
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                C  81
                                   Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                                   (in thousands of Canadian dollars)



                                   For the years ended December 31                                                                                                          2023            2022

                                   Net earnings                                                                                                                    $   1,152,511    $   872,578

                                   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                                    Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
                                      Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
                                       Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 6), net of tax of $(12,315) and $92,009                                                   85,054         (585,515)
                                      Employee benefits
                                       Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $6,767 and $(36,950)                                                                  (18,378)       100,049
                                      Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
                                       Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                                               1,472          12,689

                                    Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
                                      Investment in associates and other
                                       Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $6,751 and $2,541                                                                (97,913)        (23,508)
                                                                                                                                                                         (29,765)       (496,285)
                                   Total comprehensive income                                                                                                      $   1,122,746    $   376,293

                                   (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
PART C




                              98 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   C  82                                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)



As at December 31                                                                                                                2023            2022
                                                                                                                                             Restated
                                                                                                                                              (Note 2)
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              $     544,633    $    1,072,892
Other investments (Note 6)                                                                                                   863,598          774,536
Client funds on deposit                                                                                                     3,365,722       4,347,354
Accounts and other receivables                                                                                               335,552          368,806
Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                      38,292           15,544
Loans (Note 7)                                                                                                              5,108,696       5,021,483
Derivative financial instruments (Note 24)                                                                                    42,729           63,665
Other assets (Note 9)                                                                                                        112,474          156,240
Investment in associates (Note 10)                                                                                          3,659,174        2,051,303
Capital assets (Note 11)                                                                                                     306,961          326,288
Capitalized sales commissions (Note 12)                                                                                      394,736          372,173
Deferred income taxes (Note 17)                                                                                                3,232             1,419
Intangible assets (Note 13)                                                                                                 1,250,712       1,363,642
Goodwill (Note 13)                                                                                                          2,636,771        2,802,173
                                                                                                                       $   18,663,282   $   18,737,518

Liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                               $     444,690    $     504,373
Income taxes payable                                                                                                           9,535             7,922
Derivative financial instruments (Note 24)                                                                                    49,580           51,581
Deposits and certificates (Note 14)                                                                                         3,344,190       4,333,997
Other liabilities (Note 15)                                                                                                  394,926          355,577
Obligations to securitization entities (Note 8)                                                                             4,687,827        4,610,438
Lease obligations                                                                                                            169,940          192,793
Deferred income taxes (Note 17)                                                                                              442,186          451,005
Long-term debt (Note 18)                                                                                                    2,400,000       2,100,000
                                                                                                                           11,942,874       12,607,686

Shareholders’ Equity
Share capital (Note 19)
 Common shares                                                                                                              1,690,626        1,672,799
Contributed surplus                                                                                                           57,926           54,134
Retained earnings                                                                                                           4,595,620       3,973,456
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 22)                                                                      316,290          362,766
Non-controlling interest (Note 10)                                                                                            59,946           66,677
                                                                                                                            6,720,408        6,129,832
                                                                                                                       $   18,663,282   $   18,737,518

These financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on February 15, 2024.




                                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Signed,                                                                                   Signed,

                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C
James O’Sullivan                                                                          John McCallum
Director                                                                                  Director



(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                                                             Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report                   99
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  83
                                   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
                                   (in thousands of Canadian dollars)


                                                                                                                                                                    Accumulated
                                                                                                       Share capital                                                       other
                                                                                                         – Common                                                 comprehensive              Non-                 Total
                                                                                                              shares        Contributed           Retained          income (loss)       controlling       shareholders’
                                                                                                            (Note 19)           surplus           earnings              (Note 22)         interest              equity

                                   2023
                                   Balance, beginning of year
                                    As previously reported                                         $    1,672,799       $      54,134     $    4,106,714      $       362,766       $     66,677      $    6,263,090
                                    Change in accounting policy (Note 2)                                          –                  –          (133,258)                      –                 –          (133,258)
                                    As restated                                                         1,672,799              54,134          3,973,456              362,766             66,677           6,129,832
                                   Net earnings                                                                   –                  –         1,152,511                       –                 –         1,152,511
                                   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                  –                  –                   –             (29,765)                  –            (29,765)
                                   Total comprehensive income                                                     –                  –         1,152,511               (29,765)                  –         1,122,746
                                   Common shares
                                    Issued under stock option plan                                          17,827                   –                   –                     –                 –             17,827
                                   Stock options
                                    Current period expense                                                        –             4,744                    –                     –                 –              4,744
                                    Exercised                                                                     –              (952)                   –                     –                 –               (952)
                                   Common share dividends                                                         –                  –          (535,703)                      –                 –          (535,703)
                                   Non-controlling interest                                                       –                  –             (3,619)                     –          (6,731)             (10,350)
                                   Disposal of investment in associate (Note 10)                                  –                  –             (2,017)             (16,008)                  –            (18,025)
                                   Transfer out of fair value through other
                                   comprehensive income (Note 6)                                                  –                  –                703                 (703)                  –                   –
                                   Other                                                                          –                  –            10,289                       –                 –             10,289
                                   Balance, end of year                                            $    1,690,626       $      57,926     $    4,595,620      $       316,290       $     59,946      $    6,720,408

                                   2022
                                   Balance, beginning of year
                                    As previously reported                                         $    1,658,680       $      51,069     $    3,856,996      $       883,083       $     51,343      $     6,501,171
                                    Change in accounting policy (Note 2)                                          –                  –          (133,258)                      –                 –           (133,258)
                                    As restated                                                         1,658,680              51,069          3,723,738              883,083             51,343            6,367,913
                                   Net earnings                                                                   –                  –           872,578                       –                 –           872,578
                                   Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                  –                  –                   –           (496,285)                   –          (496,285)
                                   Total comprehensive income                                                     –                  –           872,578             (496,285)                   –           376,293
                                   Common shares
                                    Issued under stock option plan                                         34,429                    –                   –                     –                 –            34,429
                                    Purchased for cancellation                                             (20,310)                  –                   –                     –                 –            (20,310)
                                   Stock options
                                    Current period expense                                                        –             4,941                    –                     –                 –              4,941
                                    Exercised                                                                     –             (1,876)                  –                     –                 –             (1,876)
                                   Common share dividends                                                         –                  –          (536,069)                      –                 –          (536,069)
                                   Non-controlling interest                                                       –                  –             (5,334)                     –          15,334              10,000
                                   Transfer out of fair value through other
                                   comprehensive income (Note 6)                                                  –                  –            24,032               (24,032)                  –                   –




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Common share cancellation excess and other                                     –                  –          (105,489)                      –                 –           (105,489)
                                   Balance, end of year                                            $    1,672,799       $      54,134     $    3,973,456      $       362,766       $     66,677      $     6,129,832



PART C
                                   (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                              100 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  84                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)


For the years ended December 31                                                                                                      2023              2022

Operating activities
 Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                  $   1,366,999     $   1,122,943
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                              (222,681)         (330,869)
 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
   Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                      94,160            77,587
   Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                           (116,646)          (123,513)
   Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                          106,487           103,994
   Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                        (84,912)         (106,262)
   Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                      3,864             5,855
   Restructuring provisions and other                                                                                            103,266                  –
   Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 10)                                                                                      (172,977)                 –
   Gain on sale of Investment Planning Counsel (Note 3)                                                                         (220,703)                 –
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                          37,143             (3,680)
   Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                        894,000           746,055
   Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                         (56,720)            (8,385)
                                                                                                                                 837,280           737,670

Financing activities
 Net decrease in deposits and certificates                                                                                            (96)             (160)
 Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                            1,256,041          1,171,025
 Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                (1,217,004)       (1,626,896)
 Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                                  (24,142)           (25,592)
 Net proceeds on credit facility                                                                                                 550,000                  –
 Repayment of credit facility                                                                                                   (550,000)                 –
 Issue of debentures                                                                                                             300,000                  –
 Issue of common shares                                                                                                           16,875            42,553
 Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                               –         (115,667)
 Common share dividends paid                                                                                                    (535,443)          (537,197)
                                                                                                                                (203,769)        (1,091,934)

Investing activities
 Purchase of other investments                                                                                                   (86,741)         (150,508)
 Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                      80,835           120,070
 Increase in loans                                                                                                             (1,203,239)       (1,274,427)
 Repayment of loans and other                                                                                                  1,113,531         1,584,354
 Net additions to capital assets                                                                                                 (28,763)           (37,672)
 Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                      (125,012)          (107,107)
 Investment in ChinaAMC (Note 10)                                                                                              (1,162,369)                –
 Investment in Rockefeller (Note 10)                                                                                            (857,690)                 –
 Proceeds from sale of Lifeco shares (Note 10)                                                                                   552,655                  –
 Proceeds from sale of Investment Planning Counsel, net of cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations (Note 3)         555,023                  –
                                                                                                                               (1,161,770)         134,710
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                           (528,259)         (219,554)




                                                                                                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Cash and cash equivalents from continuing and discontinued operations, beginning of year                                       1,072,892         1,292,446

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                                     $     544,633     $   1,072,892

Cash                                                                                                                       $     216,501     $     346,257                          PART C
Cash equivalents                                                                                                                 328,132           726,635
                                                                                                                           $     544,633     $   1,072,892
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities
 Interest and dividends received                                                                                           $     305,617     $     253,558
 Interest paid                                                                                                             $     275,743     $     201,741

(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                                                             Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 101
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              C  85
                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   December 31, 2023 and 2022 (In thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)



                                   Note 1. Corporate information

                                   IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The registered
                                   address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled by Power Corporation
                                   of Canada (Power).

                                   IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through its principal
                                   subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The Company’s wholly-owned
                                   principal subsidiaries are Investors Group Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie).



                                   Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

                                   The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
                                   Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The policies set out below were consistently
                                   applied to all the periods presented unless otherwise noted.


                                   Use of judgment, estimates and assumptions
                                   The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to exercise judgment in the process of applying
                                   accounting policies and requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated
                                   Financial Statements. The key areas where judgment has been applied include: the determination of which financial assets should be
                                   derecognized; the assessment of the appropriate classification of financial instruments, including those classified as fair value through
                                   profit or loss; and the assessment that significant influence exists for its investment in associates. Key components of the financial
                                   statements requiring management to make estimates include: the fair value of financial instruments, goodwill, intangible assets, income
                                   taxes, capitalized sales commissions, provisions and employee benefits. Actual results may differ from such estimates. Further detail of
                                   judgments and estimates are found in the remainder of Note 2 and in Notes 6, 8, 10, 12, 13, 15, 16, 17 and 25.


                                   Basis of consolidation
                                   The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and all subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
                                   elimination of intercompany transactions and balances. Subsidiaries are entities the Company controls when it is exposed, or has
                                   rights, to variable returns from its involvement and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the relevant
                                   activities of the entity.

                                   The Company’s investments in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital
                                   Management (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf) are accounted for using the equity method. The investments
                                   were initially recorded at cost and the carrying amounts are increased or decreased to recognize the Company’s share of the
                                   investments’ comprehensive income (loss) and the dividends received since the date of acquisition.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Changes in accounting policies
                                   IFRS 17 – Insurance Contracts (IFRS 17)

PART C                             The IASB issued IFRS 17 which sets out the requirements for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosures of
                                   insurance contracts a company issues, reinsurance contracts it holds, and investment contracts with discretionary participation
                                   features issued. IFRS 17 is effective for periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023. Entities adopting IFRS 17 had the option to
                                   defer adoption of IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments (IFRS 9). Adoption of these standards affected the accounting for the carrying value of
                                   the Company’s investment in Lifeco and the amount that the Company records for its proportionate share of associate’s earnings. In
                                   2022, Lifeco disclosed that the adoption of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 was expected to decrease its total equity by $3.4 billion as at January 1,




                              102 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  86                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
2022. Accordingly, the Company reduced the carrying value of its investment in Lifeco and retained earnings, at January 1, 2022,
by $136 million to reflect its proportionate share of Lifeco’s estimated decrease to total equity. In 2023, the Company revised its
estimate, on a prospective basis, using the final Lifeco disclosed impact of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9, by decreasing the gain on sale of Lifeco
shares by $6.2 million and increasing the proportionate share of associate’s earnings by $15.1 million.

Additional information of the impact on Lifeco is available in its public disclosures.

Retained earnings at January 1, 2022 and 2023 also include an increase of $2.4 million, net of tax, due to other items.

IAS 12 – Income Taxes

The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 12 – Income Taxes effective May 2023 and has applied the exception to
recognizing and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two model rules published by the
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).


Revenue recognition
Wealth management revenue is earned for providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services. Revenues
from financial advisory fees and investment management and related administration fees are based on the net asset value of
investment funds or other assets under advisement and are accrued as services are performed. Distribution revenue associated with
insurance and banking products and services are also recognized on an accrual basis while distribution fees derived from investment
fund and securities transactions are recognized on a trade date basis.

Asset management revenue related to investment management advisory and administrative services is based on the net asset value
of investment funds and other assets under management and is accrued as services are performed.


Financial instruments
All financial assets are initially recognized at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are subsequently classified as
measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) or amortized cost
based on the Company’s assessment of the business model within which the financial asset is managed and the financial asset’s
contractual cash flow characteristics.

A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it is held within a business model of holding financial assets and collecting
contractual cash flows and those cash flows are comprised solely of payments of principal and interest. A financial asset is measured
at FVTOCI if the financial asset is held within a business model of both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the financial
assets or through an irrevocable election for equity instruments that are not held for trading. All other financial assets are measured
at FVTPL. A financial asset that would otherwise be measured at amortized cost or FVTOCI can be designated as FVTPL through an
irrevocable election if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

Financial assets can only be reclassified when there is a change to the business model within which they are managed. Such
reclassifications are applied on a prospective basis.

Financial liabilities are classified either as measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method or as FVTPL, which are
recorded at fair value.

Unrealized gains and losses on financial assets classified as FVTOCI as well as other comprehensive income amounts, including
unrealized foreign currency translation gains and losses related to the Company’s investment in its associates, are recorded in the
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income on a net of tax basis. Accumulated other comprehensive income forms part of




                                                                                                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Shareholders’ equity.



                                                                                                                                                                 PART C
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and temporary investments consisting of highly liquid investments with short-term
maturities. Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements
of Earnings.




                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 103
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                   C  87
                                   Other investments
                                   Other investments, which are recorded on a trade date basis, are classified as either FVTOCI or FVTPL.

                                   The Company has elected to classify certain equity investments that are not held for trading as FVTOCI. Unrealized gains and losses
                                   on these FVTOCI investments are recorded in Other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings when
                                   realized without being recorded through profit or loss. Dividends declared are recorded in Net investment income and other in the
                                   Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

                                   FVTPL investments are held for trading and are comprised of fixed income and equity investments and investments in proprietary
                                   investment funds. Unrealized and realized gains and losses, dividends declared, and interest income on these investments are
                                   recorded in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.


                                   Loans
                                   Loans are classified as either FVTPL or amortized cost, based on the Company’s assessment of the business model within which the
                                   loan is managed. Revenues from mortgage activities are included in Wealth management revenues in the Consolidated Statements
                                   of Earnings.

                                   Changes in fair value of loans measured at FVTPL are recorded in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated Statements
                                   of Earnings. Loans measured at amortized cost are recorded net of an allowance for expected credit losses. Interest income is
                                   accounted for on the accrual basis using the effective interest method for all loans and is recorded in Wealth management revenue
                                   in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

                                   The Company applies a three-stage impairment approach to measure expected credit losses on loans: 1) On origination, an allowance
                                   for 12-month expected credit losses is established, 2) Lifetime expected credit losses are recognized where there is a significant
                                   deterioration of credit quality, and 3) A loan is considered credit impaired when there is no longer reasonable assurance of collection.


                                   Derecognition
                                   The Company enters into transactions where it transfers financial assets recognized on its balance sheet. The determination of
                                   whether the financial assets are derecognized is based on the extent to which the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred.
                                   The gains or losses and the servicing fee revenue for financial assets that are derecognized are reported in Wealth management
                                   revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The transactions for financial assets that are not derecognized are accounted
                                   for as secured financing transactions.


                                   Sales commissions
                                   Commissions are paid on investment product sales where the Company either receives a fee directly from the client or where it
                                   receives a fee directly from the investment fund.

                                   Commissions paid on investment product sales where the Company earns fees from a client are capitalized and amortized over their
                                   estimated useful lives, not exceeding a period of seven years. The Company regularly reviews the carrying value of capitalized selling
                                   commissions with respect to any events or circumstances that indicate impairment. Among the tests performed by the Company
                                   to assess recoverability is the comparison of the future economic benefits derived from the capitalized selling commission asset in
                                   relation to its carrying value.

                                   All other commissions paid on investment product sales are expensed as incurred.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Capital assets

PART C
                                   Capital assets are comprised of Property and equipment and Right-of-use assets.

                                   Property and equipment

                                   Buildings, furnishings and equipment are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from 3 to 17
                                   years for equipment and furnishings and 10 to 50 years for the building and its components. Capital assets are tested for impairment
                                   whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.




                              104 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  88                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Right-of-use assets

A right-of-use asset representing the Company’s property leases is depreciated using the straight-line method from the
commencement date to the end of the lease term and is recorded in Advisory and business development and Operations and
support expenses.


Leases
For contracts that contain a lease, the Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. Imputed interest on the lease
liability is recorded in Interest expense.

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprises fixed payments less any lease incentives receivable,
variable payments that depend on an index or a rate, and payments or penalties for terminating the lease, if any. The lease payments
are discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate, which is applied to portfolios of leases with reasonably similar
characteristics.

The Company does not recognize a right-of-use asset or lease liability for leases that, at commencement date, have a lease term of
12 months or less, and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. The Company recognizes the payments associated with
these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.


Goodwill and intangible assets
The Company tests the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets for impairment at least once a year and more
frequently if an event or circumstance indicates the asset may be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the amount of the
asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of
disposal or its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are
separately identifiable cash inflows (cash generating units).

Investment fund management contracts have been assessed to have an indefinite useful life as the contractual right to manage the
assets has no fixed term.

Trade names have been assessed to have an indefinite useful life as they contribute to the revenues of the Company’s integrated
asset management business as a whole and the Company intends to utilize them for the foreseeable future.

Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Software assets are
amortized over a period not exceeding 7 years and distribution and other management contracts are amortized over a period not
exceeding 20 years. Finite life intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.


Employee benefits
The Company maintains a number of employee benefit plans including defined benefit plans and defined contribution pension
plans for eligible employees. These plans are related parties in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s defined benefit plans include
a funded defined benefit pension plan for eligible employees, unfunded supplementary executive retirement plans (SERP) for certain
executive officers, and an unfunded post-employment health care, dental and life insurance plan for eligible retirees.

The defined benefit pension plan provides pensions based on length of service and final average earnings.

The cost of the defined benefit plans is actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method prorated on service based




                                                                                                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC.
upon management’s assumptions about discount rates, compensation increases, retirement ages of employees, mortality and
expected health care costs. Any changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying amount of the pension asset. The Company’s

                                                                                                                                                               PART C
accrued benefit asset or liability in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by discounting the amount
of the benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in current and prior periods and deducting the fair value of any
plan assets. The Company determines the net interest component of the pension expense for the period by applying the discount
rate used to measure the accrued benefit asset or liability at the beginning of the annual period to the net accrued benefit asset or
liability. The discount rate used to value assets or liabilities is determined using a yield curve of AA corporate debt securities.




                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 105
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                   C  89
                                   If the plan benefits are changed, or a plan is curtailed, any past service costs or curtailment gains or losses are recognized
                                   immediately in net earnings.

                                   Current service costs, past service costs and curtailment gains or losses are included in Operations and support expenses.

                                   Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans represent actuarial gains and losses and the actual return on plan assets, less
                                   interest calculated at the discount rate. Remeasurements are recognized immediately through Other comprehensive income (OCI)
                                   and are not reclassified to net earnings.

                                   The accrued benefit asset represents the surplus related to defined benefit pension plan and is included in Other assets. The
                                   accrued benefit liability represents the deficit of the SERPs and post-employment health care plan and is included in Other liabilities.

                                   Payments to the defined contribution pension plans are expensed as incurred.


                                   Share-based payments
                                   The Company uses the fair value based method to account for stock options granted to employees. The fair value of stock options
                                   is determined on each grant date. Compensation expense is recognized over the period that the stock options vest, with a
                                   corresponding increase in Contributed surplus. When stock options are exercised, the proceeds together with the amount recorded
                                   in Contributed surplus are added to Share capital.

                                   The Company recognizes a liability for cash settled awards including those granted under the Performance Share Unit, Restricted
                                   Share Unit and Deferred Share Unit plans. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period, net of related hedges. The
                                   liability is remeasured at fair value at each reporting period.


                                   Provisions
                                   A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present obligation where a reliable estimate can be made,
                                   and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation.


                                   Income taxes
                                   The Company uses the liability method in accounting for income taxes whereby deferred income tax assets and liabilities reflect the
                                   expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax
                                   bases and tax loss carryforwards. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the enacted or substantively
                                   enacted tax rates which are anticipated to be in effect when the temporary differences are expected to reverse.


                                   Earnings per share
                                   Basic earnings per share is determined by dividing Net earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number
                                   of common shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings per share is determined using the same method as basic earnings per
                                   share except that the average number of common shares outstanding includes the potential dilutive effect of outstanding stock
                                   options granted by the Company as determined by the treasury stock method.


                                   Derivative financial instruments
                                   Derivative financial instruments are utilized by the Company in the management of equity price and interest rate risks. The Company
                                   does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   The Company formally documents all hedging relationships, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking


PART C
                                   various hedging transactions. This process includes linking all derivatives to specific assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance
                                   Sheets or to anticipated future transactions. The Company also formally assesses, both at the hedge’s inception and on an ongoing
                                   basis, whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
                                   flows of hedged items. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

                                   Derivative financial instruments specifically designated as a hedge and meeting the criteria for hedge effectiveness offset the
                                   changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. A hedge is designated either as a cash flow hedge or a fair value hedge. A cash




                              106 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  90                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
flow hedge requires the change in fair value of the derivative, to the extent effective, to be recorded in Other comprehensive income,
which is reclassified to the Consolidated Statements of Earnings when the hedged item affects earnings. The change in fair value
of the ineffective portion of the derivative in a cash flow hedge is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. A fair value
hedge requires the change in fair value of the hedging derivative and the change in fair value of the hedged item relating to the
hedged risk to both be recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

The Company enters into interest rate swaps as part of its mortgage banking and intermediary operations. These swap agreements
require the periodic exchange of net interest payments without the exchange of the notional principal amount on which the
payments are based. Swaps entered into to hedge the costs of funds on certain securitization activities are designated as hedging
instruments (Note 24). The effective portion of changes in fair value are initially recorded in Other comprehensive income and
subsequently recorded in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings over the term of the associated
Obligations to securitization entities. Remaining mortgage related swaps are not designated as hedging instruments and changes in
fair value are recorded directly in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

The Company also enters into total return swaps and forward agreements to manage its exposure to fluctuations in the total return
of its common shares related to deferred compensation arrangements. Total return swap and forward agreements require the
exchange of net contractual payments periodically or at maturity without the exchange of the notional principal amounts on which
the payments are based. Certain of these derivatives are not designated as hedging instruments and changes in fair value are
recorded in Operations and support expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

Derivatives continue to be utilized on a basis consistent with the risk management policies of the Company and are monitored by the
Company for effectiveness as economic hedges even if specific hedge accounting requirements are not met.


Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets when the Company has
a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and intends to settle on a net basis or to realize the assets and settle the
liabilities simultaneously.


Future accounting changes
The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and analyzes the
effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.



Note 3. Discontinued operations

On November 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale of 100% of Investment Planning Counsel Inc. (IPC) to The Canada Life
Assurance Company (Canada Life) for proceeds of $575 million plus adjustments. Canada Life is a subsidiary of the Company’s
affiliate, Lifeco, which is a subsidiary of Power.

In accordance with IFRS 5 – Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations, the operating results and cash flows of IPC
have been classified as discontinued operations within the Wealth Management segment.

During 2023, Schedule I Canadian chartered banks provided the Company with a non-revolving credit facility related to the sale
of IPC. The Company drew on the facility during 2023 and repaid the balance prior to the close of the IPC sale. Interest rates on
the credit facility fluctuated with Canadian bankers’ acceptances and the interest expense was recorded as part of discontinued




                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
operations in the Statements of Earnings.


                                                                                                                                                                  PART C
As at November 30, 2023, IPC’s total assets were $692.6 million, including $30.6 million of cash and cash equivalents, and total
liabilities were $345.7 million.




                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 107
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    C  91
                                   Results from discontinued operations are included up to November 30, 2023.


                                   Net earnings from discontinued operations
                                                                                                                                                                         2023            2022

                                   Revenues
                                    Wealth management                                                                                                           $    284,678     $    305,436
                                    Net asset management                                                                                                              15,186            17,422
                                    Net investment income and other                                                                                                    3,265            1,830
                                                                                                                                                                     303,129          324,688
                                   Expenses(1)                                                                                                                       300,288          308,851
                                   Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                        2,841           15,837
                                   Income taxes                                                                                                                          413             4,417
                                   Net earnings                                                                                                                        2,428            11,420
                                   Gain on sale                                                                                                                      220,703                 –
                                   Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                         223,131            11,420
                                   Non-controlling interest                                                                                                             (150)            (200)
                                   Net earnings available to common shareholders from discontinued operations                                                   $    222,981     $     11,220
                                   (1) Includes interest expense allocation of $17.9 million in 2023.



                                   Cash flows from discontinued operations
                                   Included within the Company’s cash flows are the following amounts attributable to discontinued operations:

                                                                                                                                                                         2023            2022

                                   Net cash (used in) provided by:
                                    Operating activities                                                                                                        $     53,083     $      22,151
                                    Financing activities                                                                                                              (32,599)         14,687
                                    Investing activities                                                                                                              (29,113)        (30,806)
                                   Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                         $      (8,629)   $      6,032




                                   Note 4. Revenues from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                                                                         2023            2022

                                   Advisory fees                                                                                                                $   1,188,503    $   1,140,306
                                   Product and program fees                                                                                                          883,958          875,082
                                                                                                                                                                    2,072,461        2,015,388
                                   Redemption fees                                                                                                                     1,031            3,939
                                   Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                 126,189          140,543
                                   Wealth management                                                                                                                2,199,681        2,159,870
                                   Asset management                                                                                                                  949,041          967,212
                                   Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                      (314,107)         (327,521)
                                   Net asset management                                                                                                              634,934          639,691




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Net revenues from contracts with customers                                                                                   $   2,834,615    $   2,799,561




PART C
                                   Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services. Advisory
                                   fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement. Product and program fees, related
                                   to investment management and administration services, are associated with assets under management. Other financial planning
                                   revenues include insurance, banking products and services, and mortgage lending activities.

                                   Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends on the level and
                                   composition of assets under management.




                              108 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  92                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Note 5. Expenses

                                                                                                                               2023             2022

Commissions                                                                                                            $    737,602    $    721,636
Salaries and employee benefits                                                                                              584,373         567,833
Restructuring and other                                                                                                     103,266                 –
Occupancy                                                                                                                    22,899          23,856
Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                         90,544           87,397
Other                                                                                                                       373,272         347,985
                                                                                                                           1,911,956       1,748,707
Sub-advisory                                                                                                                 65,731          63,574
Interest                                                                                                                    123,231          113,174
                                                                                                                       $   2,100,918   $   1,925,455


In 2023, the Company incurred restructuring and other charges of $103.3 million ($76.2 million after-tax) resulting from streamlining
and simplifying the business to more effectively align with business priorities. The charge includes the Company’s changes to the
organizational structure to advance the growing needs of the business, digital transformation by retiring duplicate systems and
modernizing information technology and an effort to consolidate its real estate footprint to better reflect client and advisor needs.



Note 6. Other investments

                                                                                                               2023                             2022
                                                                                               Cost       Fair value            Cost        Fair value

Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
 Corporate investments                                                                  $   264,915   $    721,379     $    242,704    $    602,612
Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
 Equity securities                                                                           12,778         13,140           12,689           12,933
 Proprietary investment funds                                                               126,550        129,079          156,663         158,991
                                                                                            139,328        142,219          169,352         171,924
                                                                                        $   404,243   $    863,598     $    412,056    $    774,536



Fair value through other comprehensive income
Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the Company’s investments in Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple),
and Portag3 Ventures LP, Portag3 Ventures II LP and Portage Ventures III LP (Portage). Portage is an early-stage investment fund
dedicated to backing innovating financial services companies. Portage is controlled by Power.

The total fair value of Corporate investments of $721.4 million (2022 – $602.6 million) is presented net of certain costs incurred
within the limited partnership structures holding the underlying investments.


Investment in Wealthsimple
Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and managing
your money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is held through a limited partnership controlled by Power. The investment




                                                                                                                                                         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
is classified at fair value through other comprehensive income. IGM Financial Inc. holds directly and indirectly a 24.7% interest in
Wealthsimple (2022 – 24.3%) valued at $607 million at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $492 million). This change is largely due to a

                                                                                                                                                                              PART C
fair value increase of 20% and an incremental investment during the year. The increase in fair value is consistent with the increase
in public market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business performance and revised revenue expectations. Fair value
is determined by using observable transactions in the investments’ securities where available, discounted cash flows, and other
valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable public companies.

In 2022, realized gains of $27.8 million ($24.0 million after-tax) related to Other investments were transferred from Accumulated
other comprehensive income to Other retained earnings.




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 109
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  93
                                   Fair value through profit or loss
                                   Proprietary investment funds

                                   The Company manages and provides services and earns management and administration fees, in respect of investment funds
                                   that are not recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As at December 31, 2023, there were $169.6 billion in investment fund
                                   assets under management (2022 – $158.9 billion). The Company’s investments in proprietary investment funds are classified on the
                                   Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets as fair value through profit or loss. These investments are generally made in the process
                                   of launching a new fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss is limited to its
                                   direct investment in the proprietary investment funds.

                                   Certain investment funds are consolidated where the Company has made the assessment that it controls the investment fund. As
                                   at December 31, 2023, the underlying investments related to these consolidated investment funds primarily consisted of cash and
                                   short-term investments of $9.0 million (2022 – $14.6 million), equity securities of $43.6 million (2022 – $97.5 million) and fixed income
                                   securities of $19.3 million (2022 – $22.3 million). The underlying securities of these funds are classified as FVTPL and recognized at
                                   fair value.



                                   Note 7. Loans

                                                                                                                                         Contractual maturity
                                                                                                                 1 year                 1–5                 Over           2023             2022
                                                                                                                 or less               years             5 years           Total            Total

                                   Amortized cost
                                    Residential mortgages                                                  $   998,607       $   4,109,077       $        1,749    $   5,109,433   $   5,022,298
                                   Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                               737             815
                                                                                                                                                                   $   5,108,696   $   5,021,483
                                   The change in the allowance for expected credit losses is as follows:
                                   Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                      $        815    $        648
                                   Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                            204            (689)
                                   Change in expected credit losses                                                                                                        (282)            856
                                   Balance, end of year                                                                                                            $        737    $        815


                                   Total credit impaired loans as at December 31, 2023 were $3,131 (2022 – $2,159).

                                   Total interest income on loans was $170.3 million (2022 – $138.8 million). Total interest expense on obligations to securitization
                                   entities, related to securitized loans, was $142.8 million (2022 – $102.8 million). Losses realized on the sale of residential mortgages
                                   totalled $3.6 million (2022 – losses of $3.5 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking operations totalled negative
                                   $8.0 million (2022 – negative $3.1 million). These amounts were included in Wealth management revenue. Wealth management
                                   revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.



                                   Note 8. Securitizations

                                   The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) sponsored
                                   National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions do not meet the requirements for
                                   derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained

PART C
                                   these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to
                                   securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.

                                   The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of the CMB
                                   transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and receives investment
                                   returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this swap, related to the obligation to
                                   pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal, and the hedging swap used to manage exposure




                              110 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   C  94                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as derivatives with a negative fair value of $4.8 million at December 31,
2023 (2022 – positive $0.9 million).

All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer under the
program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement which are recorded
at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts have no recourse to the
Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.

                                                                                                                    Obligations to
                                                                                                  Securitized       securitization
                                                                                                  mortgages               entities           Net

2023
Carrying value
 NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                      $   2,408,639     $     2,389,389      $    19,250
 Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                              2,313,806           2,298,438           15,368
 Total                                                                                        $   4,722,445     $     4,687,827      $    34,618
Fair value                                                                                    $   4,690,885     $     4,695,738      $    (4,853)

2022
Carrying value
 NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                      $ 2,494,400       $     2,459,828      $   34,572
 Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                              2,143,241           2,150,610           (7,369)
 Total                                                                                        $   4,637,641     $     4,610,438      $    27,203
Fair value                                                                                    $   4,532,493     $ 4,544,609          $    (12,116)


The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal payments received
on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs are amortized over the life of the
obligation on an effective interest rate basis.



Note 9. Other assets

                                                                                                                            2023            2022

Accrued benefit asset (Note 16)                                                                                 $         61,592     $    86,779
Deferred and prepaid expenses                                                                                             48,834          56,412
Other                                                                                                                      2,048          13,049
                                                                                                                $       112,474      $   156,240


Total other assets of $34.9 million as at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $33.1 million) are expected to be realized within one year.




                                                                                                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                          PART C




                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 111
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           C  95
                                   Note 10. Investment in associates

                                                                                                                  Lifeco          ChinaAMC         Rockefeller         Northleaf              Other          Total

                                   2023
                                   Balance, beginning of year
                                    As previously reported                                                $ 1,075,225        $    787,171      $            –     $    284,499          $   40,066    $ 2,186,961
                                    Change in accounting policy (Note 2)                                      (135,658)                   –                 –                    –               –      (135,658)
                                    As restated                                                                939,567            787,171                   –          284,499              40,066      2,051,303
                                   Additions                                                                          –          1,162,369          857,690                      –            542       2,020,601
                                   Disposition                                                                (397,705)                   –                 –                    –               –      (397,705)
                                   Dividends                                                                   (46,045)            (69,180)                 –                    –               –      (115,225)
                                   Proportionate share of:
                                    Earnings                                                                    66,908            104,094               (724)              17,346 (1)       (2,585)      185,039
                                    IFRS 17 adjustment                                                          15,098                    –                 –                    –               –        15,098
                                    Other comprehensive income (loss) and other adjustments                     11,465             (99,231)          (12,171)                    –               –        (99,937)
                                   Balance, end of year                                                   $    589,288       $ 1,885,223       $    844,795       $    301,845          $   38,023    $ 3,659,174

                                   2022
                                   Balance, beginning of year
                                    As previously reported                                                $ 1,020,700        $    768,724      $            –     $   258,831           $        –    $ 2,048,255
                                    Change in accounting policy (Note 2)                                      (135,658)                   –                 –                    –               –       (135,658)
                                    As restated                                                               885,042             768,724                   –         258,831                    –      1,912,597
                                   Additions                                                                          –                   –                                      –          40,430        40,430
                                   Dividends                                                                    (73,181)           (31,319)                 –                    –               –      (104,500)
                                   Proportionate share of:
                                    Earnings                                                                   128,227             57,231                   –              25,668 (1)         (364)      210,762
                                    Other comprehensive income (loss) and other adjustments                        (521)            (7,465)                 –                    –               –         (7,986)
                                   Balance, end of year                                                   $    939,567       $     787,171     $            –     $   284,499           $   40,066    $ 2,051,303

                                   (1) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of Non-controlling interest, was $13,877 in 2023 (2022 – $20,534).


                                   The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Lifeco, ChinaAMC, Rockefeller, and
                                   Northleaf, as it exercises significant influence.

                                   On January 12, 2023, the Company closed the transaction to acquire Power’s 13.9% interest in ChinaAMC for cash consideration
                                   of $1.16 billion including transaction costs, increasing the Company’s equity interest in ChinaAMC from 13.9% to 27.8%. To partially
                                   fund the transaction, IGM Financial sold 15,200,662 common shares of Lifeco to Power for cash consideration of $553 million which
                                   reduced the Company’s equity interest in Lifeco from 4.0% to 2.4%. The remaining $597 million of consideration was funded from
                                   the Company’s existing financial resources including $22 million in dividends received after March 31, 2022 with respect to the Lifeco
                                   shares that were sold. The Company continues to equity account for its 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC and 2.4% interest in Lifeco.

                                   In 2023, the Company recognized a gain on the sale of the Lifeco shares of $172.9 million before-tax ($168.6 million after-tax).

                                   The Company recorded a Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment of $15.1 million in 2023, representing a change of estimate which has been
                                   recorded on a prospective basis.

                                   On April 3, 2023, the Company acquired a 20.5% interest in Rockefeller for a total cost of $858 million, which was comprised of cash
                                   consideration of $835 million (USD $622 million) and transaction costs.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco)


PART C
                                   Lifeco is a publicly listed company that is incorporated and domiciled in Canada and is controlled by Power. Lifeco is a financial
                                   services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, investment management and
                                   reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States, Europe and Asia.

                                   At December 31, 2023, the Company held 22,136,471 (2022 – 37,337,133) shares of Lifeco, which represented an equity interest
                                   of 2.4% (2022 – 4.0%). Significant influence arises from several factors, including but not limited to the following: common control
                                   of Lifeco by Power, directors common to the boards of the Company and Lifeco, certain shared strategic alliances and significant




                              112 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   C  96                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
intercompany transactions that influence the financial and operating policies of both companies. The Company’s proportionate share
of Lifeco’s earnings is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

The fair value of the Company’s investment in Lifeco totalled $970.9 million at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $1,168.3 million).

Lifeco directly owned 9,200,000 shares of the Company at December 31, 2023 (2022 – 9,200,000).

Lifeco’s financial information as at December 31, 2023 can be obtained in its publicly available information.


China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC)
ChinaAMC is an asset management company established in Beijing, China and is controlled by CITIC Securities Company Limited.

As at December 31, 2023, the Company held a 27.8% ownership interest in ChinaAMC (2022 – 13.9%). Significant influence arises from
board representation, participating in the policy making process, shared strategic initiatives including joint product launches and
collaboration between management and investment teams.

The following table sets forth certain summary financial information from ChinaAMC:

                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                            Canadian    Chinese   Canadian      Chinese
(millions)                                                                                    Dollars      Yuan     Dollars        Yuan

As at December 31
Total assets                                                                                   3,514    18,794      3,461        17,650
Total liabilities                                                                              1,055     5,642       1,032        5,261

For the year ended December 31
Revenue                                                                                        1,398     7,327      1,446         7,475
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                    384     2,013         418        2,163
Total comprehensive income                                                                       387     2,028        434         2,248



Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller)
Rockefeller is a U.S. independent financial services advisory firm focused on the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth segments.

As at December 31, 2023, the Company held a 20.5% ownership interest in Rockefeller. Significant influence arises from board
representation, participating in the policy making process and significant intercompany transactions.

The following table sets forth certain summary financial information from Rockefeller:

                                                                                                                                   2023
                                                                                                                       US      Canadian
(millions)                                                                                                         Dollars       Dollars

As at December 31
Total assets                                                                                                       1,353.3      1,791.4
Total liabilities                                                                                                   843.3       1,116.2

For the nine months ended December 31(1)
Revenue                                                                                                             578.0         779.6
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                          5.6          7.7
Total comprehensive income                                                                                             5.6          7.6




                                                                                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC.
(1) Excludes the first quarter of 2023 earnings as acquisition was on April 3, 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                PART C




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 113
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                        C  97
                                   Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf)
                                   Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.

                                   The Company, through an acquisition vehicle held by the Company’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, holds a 49.9% voting interest and a 70%
                                   economic interest in Northleaf. The acquisition vehicle is owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20% Lifeco.

                                   Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase the remaining economic and voting interest in Northleaf commencing
                                   in approximately five years from the acquisition date and extending into future periods. The equity method is used to account
                                   for the acquisition vehicle’s 70% economic interest as it exercises significant influence. Significant influence arises from board
                                   representation, participation in the policy making process and shared strategic initiatives.

                                   The Company controls the acquisition vehicle and therefore recognizes the full 70% economic interest in Northleaf and recognizes
                                   Non-controlling interest (NCI) related to Lifeco’s net interest in Northleaf of 14%.

                                   The following table sets forth certain summary financial information from Northleaf:

                                   (millions)                                                                                                                             2023                   2022

                                   As at December 31
                                   Total assets                                                                                                              $           152.9       $          160.3
                                   Total liabilities                                                                                                                      84.3                  113.2

                                   For the year ended December 31
                                   Revenue                                                                                                                   $           151.6       $          137.0
                                   Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                          28.8                   40.7
                                   Total comprehensive income                                                                                                             28.8                   40.7




                                   Note 11. Capital assets

                                                                                                                         Furniture and       Building and            Right-of-use
                                                                                                                           equipment         components                    assets                Total

                                   2023
                                   Cost                                                                              $       350,551     $       72,939          $      277,648          $   701,138
                                   Less: accumulated amortization                                                           (248,156)           (21,606)               (124,415)             (394,177)
                                                                                                                     $       102,395     $       51,333          $      153,233          $   306,961
                                   Changes in capital assets:
                                    Balance, beginning of year                                                       $       100,816     $       49,677          $      175,795          $   326,288
                                    Additions                                                                                 24,161               3,347                 14,678               42,186
                                    Disposals                                                                                    (977)                   –                       –               (977)
                                    Amortization                                                                             (15,407)             (1,691)               (27,446)              (44,544)
                                    Sale of IPC                                                                                (6,198)                   –               (9,794)              (15,992)
                                   Balance, end of year                                                              $       102,395     $       51,333          $      153,233          $   306,961

                                   2022
                                   Cost                                                                              $       353,374     $       69,592          $     280,946           $   703,912
                                   Less: accumulated amortization                                                           (252,558)            (19,915)               (105,151)            (377,624)
                                                                                                                     $       100,816     $       49,677          $      175,795          $   326,288




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Changes in capital assets:
                                    Balance, beginning of year                                                       $        81,423     $        51,105         $     183,436           $   315,964
                                    Additions                                                                                 37,325                   243               20,416                57,984

PART C
                                    Disposals                                                                                  (1,163)                   –                       –             (1,163)
                                    Amortization                                                                              (16,769)            (1,671)               (28,057)              (46,497)
                                   Balance, end of year                                                              $       100,816     $       49,677          $      175,795          $   326,288




                              114 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   C  98                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Note 12. Capitalized sales commissions

                                                                                                                                                                    2023                       2022

Cost                                                                                                                                                    $       701,308       $           585,363
Less: accumulated amortization                                                                                                                                  (306,572)                 (213,190)
                                                                                                                                                        $       394,736       $           372,173
Changes in capitalized sales commissions
 Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                             $       372,173       $           325,424
 Changes due to:
  Sales of investment funds                                                                                                                                     117,385                   124,336
  Amortization                                                                                                                                                   (94,160)                  (77,587)
  Sale of IPC                                                                                                                                                       (662)                          –
                                                                                                                                                                 22,563                     46,749
Balance, end of year                                                                                                                                    $       394,736       $           372,173




Note 13. Goodwill and intangible assets

                                                                                      Finite life                                    Indefinite life
                                                                                  Distribution               Investment
                                                                                    and other                      fund                                               Total
                                                                                 management                 management                                           intangible
                                                                Software            contracts                  contracts             Trade names                     assets               Goodwill

2023
Cost                                                     $     372,039       $        189,410           $      717,504           $       285,177            $   1,564,130         $     2,636,771
Less: accumulated amortization                                 (228,442)               (84,976)                          –                          –            (313,418)                         –
                                                         $     143,597       $        104,434           $      717,504           $       285,177            $   1,250,712         $     2,636,771
Changes in goodwill and intangible assets:
 Balance, beginning of year                              $     161,839       $        176,067           $      740,559           $       285,177            $   1,363,642         $     2,802,173
 Additions                                                       38,076                91,374                            –                          –             129,450                          –
 Disposals                                                             (6)                (617)                          –                          –                (623)                         –
 Amortization                                                   (42,478)               (15,836)                          –                          –             (58,314)                         –
 Sale of IPC                                                    (13,834)              (146,554)                 (23,055)                            –            (183,443)               (165,402)
Balance, end of year                                     $     143,597       $        104,434           $      717,504           $       285,177            $   1,250,712         $     2,636,771

2022
Cost                                                     $     365,318       $        289,286           $      740,559           $       285,177            $ 1,680,340           $     2,802,173
Less: accumulated amortization                                 (203,479)              (113,219)                          –                          –            (316,698)                         –
                                                         $      161,839      $        176,067           $      740,559           $       285,177            $   1,363,642         $     2,802,173
Changes in goodwill and intangible assets:
 Balance, beginning of year                              $     160,336       $        170,632           $      740,559           $       285,177            $   1,356,704         $ 2,802,066
 Additions                                                       40,264                20,082                            –                          –              60,346                       107
 Disposals                                                             (2)                (223)                          –                          –                (225)                         –
 Amortization                                                   (38,759)               (14,424)                          –                          –             (53,183)                         –
Balance, end of year                                     $      161,839      $        176,067           $      740,559           $       285,177            $   1,363,642         $     2,802,173




                                                                                                                                                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC.
The goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets consisting of investment fund management contracts and trade names are allocated
to each cash generating unit (CGU) as summarized in the following table:

                                                                                                                                            2023                                               2022                          PART C
                                                                                                                                 Indefinite life                                      Indefinite life
                                                                                                                                    intangible                                           intangible
                                                                                                              Goodwill                  assets                    Goodwill                   assets

Wealth Management                                                                                   $       1,346,245        $                  –           $   1,491,687         $         23,055
Asset Management                                                                                            1,290,526                1,002,681                  1,310,486               1,002,681
Total                                                                                               $       2,636,771        $       1,002,681              $   2,802,173         $     1,025,736




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 115
                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                                         C  99
                                   The Company tests whether goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are impaired by assessing the carrying amounts with the
                                   recoverable amounts. The recoverable amount of the Company’s CGUs is based on the best available evidence of fair value less costs
                                   of disposal.

                                   In assessing the recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are used that may include application of capitalization multiples to
                                   financial and operating metrics based upon precedent acquisition transactions and trading comparables and discounted cash
                                   flow analysis. Valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or other conventionally used measures for investment managers
                                   or other financial service providers (multiples of value to assets under management, revenues, or other measures of profitability).
                                   This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations, including expected growth, risk and capital market
                                   conditions, among other factors. The valuation multiples used in assessing fair value represent Level 2 fair value inputs. Assumptions
                                   and estimates employed in discounted cash flows include future changes in assets under management resulting from net sales and
                                   investment returns, pricing and profit margin changes and discount rates, which represent level 3 fair value inputs.

                                   The fair value less costs of disposal of the Company’s CGUs was compared with the carrying amount and it was determined there was
                                   no impairment. Changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amounts of CGUs can result in significant
                                   adjustments to the valuation of the CGUs.



                                   Note 14. Deposits and certificates

                                   Deposits and certificates are classified as other financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.

                                   Included in the assets of the Consolidated Balance Sheets are cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit and loans
                                   amounting to $3,344.2 million (2022 – $4,334.0 million) related to deposits and certificates.

                                                                                                                                             Term to maturity
                                                                                                                                                                           2023             2022
                                                                                         Demand          1 year or less         1–5 years          Over 5 years            Total            Total

                                   Deposits                                         $   3,342,782    $               –     $             –     $               –   $   3,342,782   $   4,332,493
                                   Certificates                                                –                  328                 455                    625          1,408           1,504
                                                                                    $   3,342,782    $            328      $          455      $             625   $   3,344,190   $   4,333,997




                                   Note 15. Other liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                            2023            2022

                                   Dividends payable                                                                                                               $    133,949    $    133,688
                                   Interest payable                                                                                                                      40,250          36,659
                                   Accrued benefit liabilities (Note 16)                                                                                                 85,188          81,367
                                   Provisions                                                                                                                            65,933          18,356
                                   Other                                                                                                                                 69,606          85,507
                                                                                                                                                                   $    394,926    $    355,577


                                   The Company establishes restructuring provisions related to business acquisitions, divestitures and other items, as well as
                                   other provisions in the normal course of its operations. Changes in provisions during 2023 consisted of additional estimates of




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   $107.1 million (2022 – $3.2 million), provision reversals of $1.2 million (2022 – $1.5 million) and payments of $58.3 million (2022 –
                                   $10.0 million).


PART C
                                   Total other liabilities of $271.7 million as at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $235.6 million) are expected to be settled within one year.




                              116 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   C  100                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Note 16. Employee benefits

Defined benefit plans
The Company maintains a number of employee pension and post-employment benefit plans. These plans include a funded registered
defined benefit pension plan for all eligible employees, unfunded supplementary executive retirement plans (SERPs) for certain
executive officers, and an unfunded post-employment health care, dental and life insurance plan for eligible retirees.

Effective July 1, 2012, the defined benefit pension plan was closed to new members. For all eligible employees hired after July 1, 2012,
the Company has a registered defined contribution pension plan.

The defined benefit pension plan is a separate trust that is legally separated from the Company. The defined benefit pension plan is
registered under the Pension Benefits Act of Manitoba (Act) and the Income Tax Act (ITA). As required by the Act, the defined benefit
pension plan is governed by a pension committee which includes current and retired employees. The Pension Committee has certain
responsibilities as described in the Act but may delegate certain activities to the Company. The ITA governs the employer’s ability to
make contributions and also has parameters that the plan must meet with respect to investments in foreign property.

The defined benefit pension plan provides lifetime pension benefits to all eligible employees based on length of service and final average
earnings subject to limits established by the ITA. Death benefits are available on the death of an active member or a retired member.

Employees who are not senior officers are required to make annual contributions based on a percentage of salaries which are subject
to a maximum amount.

The actuarial valuation for funding purposes related to the Company’s registered defined benefit pension plan, based on a
measurement date of December 31, 2022, was completed. The valuation determines the plan surplus or deficit on both a solvency
and going concern basis. The solvency basis determines the relationship between the plan assets and its liabilities assuming that the
plan is wound up and settled on the valuation date. A going concern valuation compares the relationship between the plan assets and
the present value of the expected future benefit cash flows, assuming the plan will be maintained indefinitely. Based on the actuarial
valuation, the registered pension plan had a solvency surplus of $70.5 million compared to a solvency surplus of $14.4 million in the
previous actuarial valuation, which was based on a measurement date of December 31, 2021. The improvement in the funded status
resulted largely from interest rate increases. The registered pension plan had a going concern surplus of $127.4 million compared
to $95.0 million in the previous valuation. The next actuarial valuation will be based on a measurement date of December 31,
2025. During the year, the Company has made contributions of $2.8 million (2022 – $11.4 million). As a result of the valuation filed
in April 2023, IGM Financial received a contribution holiday and is not allowed to make contributions to the pension plan until the
next actuarial valuation which is expected to be as at December 31, 2025. Pension contribution decisions are subject to change, as
contributions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements, changes in assumptions and
management’s ability to change funding policy.

The SERPs are non-registered, non-contributory defined benefit plans which provide supplementary benefits to certain retired executives.

The other post-employment benefit plan is a non-contributory plan and provides eligible employees a reimbursement of medical
costs or a fixed amount per year to cover medical costs during retirement.

The SERPs and other post-employment benefit plans are managed by the Company with oversight from the Board of Directors.

The defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks such as mortality risk which represents life expectancy and impacts
the calculation of the obligations; interest rate risk which impacts the discount rate used to calculate the obligations and the actual
return on plan assets; salary risk as estimated salary increases are used in the calculation of the obligations; and investment risk as




                                                                                                                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC.
the nature of the investments impact the actual return on the plan assets. The risks are managed by regular monitoring of the plans,
applicable regulations and other factors that could impact the Company’s expenses and cash flows.


                                                                                                                                                                   PART C




                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 117
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                     C  101
                                   Plan assets, benefit obligations and funded status:

                                                                                                                                                 2023                                                       2022
                                                                                                        Defined                            Other post-              Defined                           Other post-
                                                                                                         benefit                          employment                 benefit                         employment
                                                                                                    pension plan            SERPs             benefits          pension plan            SERPs            benefits

                                   Fair value of plan assets
                                    Balance, beginning of year                                  $      510,730      $           –     $              –      $      566,727      $           –    $             –
                                    Employee contributions                                                 1,677                –                    –                1,810                 –                  –
                                    Employer contributions                                                 2,801                –                    –               11,438                 –                  –
                                    Benefits paid                                                       (29,771)                –                    –              (30,590)                –                  –
                                    Interest income                                                       26,388                –                    –               18,613                 –                  –
                                    Additions                                                                  –                –                    –                    998               –                  –
                                    Remeasurements:
                                      Return on plan assets                                               24,206                –                    –              (58,266)                –                  –
                                    Balance, end of year                                               536,031                  –                    –             510,730                  –                  –
                                   Accrued benefit obligation
                                    Balance, beginning of year                                         423,951            56,084               25,283              588,351             71,557            32,551
                                    Benefits paid                                                       (29,771)           (4,029)             (2,404)              (30,590)           (5,808)            (3,722)
                                    Current service cost                                                  12,143            1,228                 206                21,027             1,971               344
                                    Plan amendment                                                             –               35                    –                      –               –                  –
                                    Employee contributions                                                 1,677                –                    –                1,810                 –                  –
                                    Interest expense                                                      21,780            2,825               1,268                19,094             2,069                931
                                    Additions                                                                  –                –                    –                    998               –                  –
                                    Remeasurements:
                                      Actuarial losses (gains)
                                       Demographic assumption                                             (4,592)               –                    –                      –               –                  –
                                       Experience adjustments                                              5,184             144                  158                (2,506)           (1,048)               708
                                       Financial assumptions                                              44,067            3,175               1,215              (174,233)          (12,657)            (5,529)
                                    Balance, end of year                                               474,439            59,462               25,726              423,951            56,084             25,283
                                   Accrued benefit asset (liability)                            $         61,592    $     (59,462)    $       (25,726)      $       86,779      $     (56,084)   $      (25,283)


                                   Significant actuarial assumptions used to calculate the defined benefit obligation:
                                                                                                                                                 2023                                                       2022
                                                                                                        Defined                            Other post-              Defined                           Other post-
                                                                                                         benefit                          employment                 benefit                         employment
                                                                                                    pension plan            SERPs             benefits          pension plan            SERPs            benefits

                                   Discount rate                                                           4.65%    4.60%-4.65%                 4.65%                 5.25%     5.25%-5.30%               5.25%
                                   Rate of compensation increase                                           3.75%            3.75%                 N/A                 3.75%             3.75%                N/A
                                   Health care cost trend rate(1)                                            N/A              N/A               5.30%                     N/A             N/A             5.40%
                                   Mortality rates at age 65 for current pensioners                   23.1 years        23.1 years          23.1 years           23.1 years         23.1 years        23.1 years

                                   (1) Trending to 4.00% in 2040 and remaining at that rate thereafter.


                                   The weighted average duration of the pension plan’s defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period is 17.3 years
                                   (2022 – 15.7 years).

                                   Benefit expense:




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                 2023                                                       2022




PART C
                                                                                                        Defined                            Other post-              Defined                           Other post-
                                                                                                         benefit                          employment                 benefit                         employment
                                                                                                    pension plan            SERPs             benefits          pension plan            SERPs            benefits

                                   Current service cost                                         $         12,143    $       1,228     $           206       $        21,027     $       1,971    $          344
                                   Plan amendment                                                              –               35                    –                      –               –                  –
                                   Net interest cost                                                      (4,608)           2,825               1,268                     481           2,069                931
                                                                                                $          7,535    $       4,088     $         1,474       $        21,508     $      4,040     $         1,275




                              118 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                   C  102                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Sensitivity analysis:

The calculation of the accrued benefit liability and the related benefit expense are sensitive to the significant actuarial assumptions.
The following table presents the sensitivity analysis:

                                                                                                                      2023                                 2022
                                                                                               Increase            Increase         Increase             Increase
                                                                                            (decrease)           (decrease)       (decrease)           (decrease)
                                                                                             in liability       in expense         in liability       in expense

Defined benefit pension plan
 Discount rate (+ / - 0.25%)
  Increase                                                                              $     (19,196)      $       (1,873)   $     (16,828)      $      (1,866)
  Decrease                                                                                     20,416               1,889            17,877               1,886
 Rate of compensation (+ / - 0.25%)
  Increase                                                                                       5,174                582              4,755                585
  Decrease                                                                                      (5,128)               (575)           (4,718)               (581)
 Mortality
  Increase 1 year                                                                                7,804                539             6,334                 477
SERPs
 Discount rate (+ / - 0.25%)
  Increase                                                                                      (1,149)                 64            (1,138)                44
  Decrease                                                                                       1,192                 (68)            1,181                 (47)
 Rate of compensation (+ / - 0.25%)
  Increase                                                                                           12                  4                 46                 14
  Decrease                                                                                          (11)                (4)                (41)              (12)
 Mortality
  Increase 1 year                                                                                1,033                  51               923                  51
Other post-employment benefits
 Discount rate (+ / - 0.25%)
  Increase                                                                                        (520)                 31              (501)                 27
  Decrease                                                                                         540                 (32)              521                 (28)
 Health care cost trend rates (+ / - 1.00%)
  Increase                                                                                         558                  26               498                  27
  Decrease                                                                                        (491)                (23)             (441)                (23)
 Mortality
  Increase 1 year                                                                                  655                  33               571                  33


The sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is
unlikely to occur as changes in certain assumptions may be correlated.

Asset allocation of defined benefit pension plan by asset category:

                                                                                                                                   2023                  2022

Equity securities                                                                                                                  49.9 %                58.4 %
Fixed income securities                                                                                                            30.8                  28.7
Alternative strategies                                                                                                             17.2                  11.1
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                            2.1                  1.8
                                                                                                                                  100.0 %               100.0 %




                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
The defined benefit pension plan adheres to its Statement of Investment Policies and Procedures which includes investment
objectives, asset allocation guidelines and investment limits by asset class. The defined benefit pension plan assets are invested in

                                                                                                                                                                                         PART C
investment funds with the exception of cash on deposit with Schedule I Canadian chartered banks.


Defined contribution pension plans
The Company maintains a number of defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees. The total expense recorded in
Advisory and business development and Operations and support expenses was $10.2 million (2022 – $8.7 million).




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 119
                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C  103
                                   Group Retirement Savings Plan (RSP)
                                   The Company maintains a group RSP for eligible employees. The Company’s contributions are recorded in Advisory and business
                                   development and Operations and support expenses as paid and totalled $10.1 million (2022 – $9.5 million).



                                   Note 17. Income taxes

                                   Income tax expense:

                                                                                                                                                               2023           2022

                                   Income taxes recognized in net earnings from continuing operations
                                   Current taxes
                                    Tax on current year’s earnings                                                                                      $   210,696    $   230,110
                                    Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                      (167)         1,537
                                                                                                                                                            210,529        231,647
                                   Deferred taxes                                                                                                             4,548         14,301
                                                                                                                                                        $   215,077    $   245,948


                                   Effective income tax rate:

                                                                                                                                                            2023            2022

                                   Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial statutory rates                                                          26.68 %        26.63 %
                                    Effect of:
                                     Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 10)                                                                  (3.40)         (4.56)
                                     Gain on sale of shares of associate                                                                                    (3.68)             –
                                     Proportionate share of associates' adjustments (Note 10)                                                               (0.35)             –
                                     Other items                                                                                                            (0.46)          0.15
                                   Effective income tax rate                                                                                                18.79 %        22.22 %


                                   In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) published the Pillar Two model rules
                                   outlining a structure for a new 15% global minimum tax regime. A number of countries where the Company operates, including
                                   Ireland and the UK, have enacted legislation, and will be effective for the Company’s financial year beginning January 1, 2024. Pillar
                                   Two draft legislation in Canada has not been substantively enacted but when enacted, is expected to be effective for the Company
                                   as of January 1, 2024.

                                   The assessment of the potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes is based on the most recent tax filings, country-by-country
                                   reporting and financial statements for the Company and its subsidiaries as part of a larger related group of companies. Based on
                                   the assessment, the Pillar Two effective tax rates of the material jurisdictions in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate
                                   are above 15%. However, there may be immaterial jurisdictions where the Pillar Two income taxes apply, but the Company and its
                                   subsidiaries do not expect a material exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in those jurisdictions.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
PART C




                              120 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  104                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Deferred income taxes
Composition and changes in net deferred taxes are as follows:
                                            Accrued                                Capitalized
                                             benefit         Loss carry-                 sales       Intangible             Other
                                           liabilities         forwards          commissions             assets       investments          Other            Total

2023
Balance, beginning of year           $       (1,495)     $        6,687      $       (98,876)    $   (290,489)    $      (46,095)   $    (19,318)   $   (449,586)
 Recognized in statements of:
  Earnings, continuing operations             1,056               1,179               (6,077)          (9,538)               (86)          8,918          (4,548)
  Earnings, discontinued
  operations                                        –              (399)                   47             260                  –          (1,155)         (1,247)
  Other comprehensive income                  6,767                    –                    –                –           (13,024)          6,751            494
  Equity                                            –                  –                    –                –              (109)              –            (109)
 Sale of IPC – discontinued
 operations                                         –            (3,031)                  (47)         17,292                  –           1,839         16,053
 Foreign exchange rate
 charges and other                                  –                (14)                   –                –                 –               3             (11)
Balance, end of year                 $        6,328      $        4,422      $      (104,953)    $   (282,475)    $      (59,314)   $     (2,962)   $   (438,954)

2022
Balance, beginning of year           $      33,886       $        6,459      $       (86,616)    $   (289,835)    $     (142,751)   $    (17,350)   $   (496,207)
 Recognized in statements of:
  Earnings, continuing operations             1,569               (1,939)            (12,264)             822                619          (3,108)        (14,301)
  Earnings, discontinued
  operations                                        –             1,893                     4           (1,476)                –          (1,398)           (977)
  Other comprehensive income               (36,950)                    –                    –                –            95,552           2,541          61,143
  Equity                                            –                  –                    –                –               485               –            485
 Foreign exchange rate
 charges and other                                  –               274                     –                –                 –              (3)           271
Balance, end of year                 $       (1,495)     $        6,687      $       (98,876)    $   (290,489)    $      (46,095)   $    (19,318)   $   (449,586)


Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2023            2022

Deferred income tax assets                                                                                                          $      3,232    $      1,419
Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                                                         (442,186)       (451,005)
                                                                                                                                    $   (438,954)   $   (449,586)


As at December 31, 2023, the Company and its subsidiaries have deductible temporary differences related to its investments in
associates of $57.8 million for which the benefits have not been recognized.




                                                                                                                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                         PART C




                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 121
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       C  105
                                   Note 18. Long-term debt

                                   Maturity                                                                                                        Rate                2023                  2022

                                   January 26, 2027                                                                                               3.44 %      $    400,000        $     400,000
                                   December 13, 2027                                                                                              6.65 %           125,000              125,000
                                   May 9, 2031                                                                                                    7.45 %           150,000              150,000
                                   December 31, 2032                                                                                              7.00 %           175,000              175,000
                                   March 7, 2033                                                                                                   7.11 %          150,000              150,000
                                   December 10, 2040                                                                                              6.00 %           200,000              200,000
                                   January 25, 2047                                                                                               4.56 %           200,000              200,000
                                   December 9, 2047                                                                                              4.115 %           250,000              250,000
                                   July 13, 2048                                                                                                 4.174 %           200,000              200,000
                                   March 21, 2050                                                                                                4.206 %           250,000              250,000
                                   May 26, 2053                                                                                                  5.426 %           300,000                      –
                                                                                                                                                              $   2,400,000       $ 2,100,000


                                   Long-term debt consists of unsecured debentures which are redeemable by the Company, in whole or in part, at any time, at the
                                   greater of par and a formula price based upon yields at the time of redemption.

                                   Long-term debt is classified as other financial liabilities and is recorded at amortized cost.

                                   Interest expense relating to long-term debt was $116.3 million (2022 – $106.6 million).

                                   On May 26, 2023, the Company issued $300 million of 30 year, 5.426% debentures. This offering was made pursuant to a prospectus
                                   supplement to the Company’s short form base shelf prospectus dated December 7, 2022.



                                   Note 19. Share capital

                                   Authorized
                                      Unlimited number of:
                                        First preferred shares, issuable in series
                                        Second preferred shares, issuable in series
                                        Class 1 non-voting shares
                                        Common shares, no par value


                                   Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                                                   2023                                      2022
                                                                                                                           Shares          Stated value             Shares            Stated value

                                   Common shares:
                                    Balance, beginning of year                                                      237,668,062        $     1,672,799        239,679,043     $        1,658,680
                                    Issued under Stock Option Plan (Note 21)                                             463,676                17,827            879,019                 34,429
                                    Purchased for cancellation                                                                   –                        –    (2,890,000)               (20,310)
                                    Balance, end of year                                                            238,131,738        $     1,690,626        237,668,062     $        1,672,799




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Normal course issuer bid

PART C                             On December 21, 2023, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until December 20, 2024, when
                                   the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant to the notice of intention filed with the TSX.
                                   Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 3 million or 1.3% of its common shares outstanding as at December 7, 2023.

                                   On March 1, 2022, the Company commenced a NCIB which was effective until February 28, 2023. Pursuant to this bid, the Company
                                   was authorized to purchase up to 6.0 million or approximately 2.5% of its common shares outstanding as at February 15, 2022.




                              122 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  106                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
There were no common shares purchased in the year ended December 31, 2023. In the year ended December 31, 2022, there were
2,890,000 shares purchased at a cost of $115.7 million. The premium paid to purchase the shares in excess of the stated value was
charged to Retained earnings.

In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common shares. The
automatic securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common shares are to be
purchased under the normal course issuer bid during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to pre-established
parameters. Outside of these pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Company’s normal course issuer bid
will be completed based upon management’s discretion.



Note 20. Capital management

The Company’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that the Company is capitalized
in a manner which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. The
Company’s capital management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital
base and a strong balance sheet. Capital of the Company consists of long-term debt and common shareholders’ equity. The Company
regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic conditions.

The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
investments made by the Company, business expansion and other strategic objectives. Subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital
requirements include investment dealers, mutual fund dealers, exempt market dealers, portfolio managers, investment fund
managers and a trust company. These subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either working
capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

The total outstanding long-term debt was $2,400.0 million at December 31, 2023, compared to $2,100.0 million at December 31,
2022. Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which are senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company subject to standard
covenants, including negative pledges, but which do not include any specified financial or operational covenants. The increase in
long-term debt resulted from the issuance on May 26, 2023, of $300.0 million 5.426% debentures maturing May 26, 2053. The net
proceeds were used by IGM Financial to fund a portion of the purchase price in connection with the acquisition of the 20.5% equity
interest in Rockefeller and for general corporate purposes.

The Company commenced a NCIB on December 21, 2023 to purchase for cancellation up to 3 million of its common shares. The
program will be used to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options issued under the Company’s stock option plan and for other
capital management purposes. There were no common shares purchased by the Company in 2023.

Other activities in 2023 included the declaration of common share dividends of $535.7 million or $2.25 per share. Changes in
common share capital are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity.



Note 21. Share-based payments

Stock option plan
Under the terms of the Company’s Stock Option Plan (Plan), options to purchase common shares are periodically granted to
employees at prices not less than the weighted average trading price per common share on the Toronto Stock Exchange for the five




                                                                                                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC.
trading days preceding the date of the grant. The options are subject to time vesting conditions set out at the grant date. Options vest
over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and are exercisable no later than 10 years after the grant date. At December 31,


                                                                                                                                                                PART C
2023, 17,687,703 (2022 – 18,151,379) common shares were reserved for issuance under the Plan.




                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 123
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                 C  107
                                   During 2023, the Company granted 662,606 options to employees (2022 – 1,546,295). The weighted-average fair value of options
                                   granted during the year ended December 31, 2023, has been estimated at $5.56 per option (2022 – $4.91) using the Black-Scholes
                                   option pricing model. The weighted-average closing share price at the grant dates was $42.36 (2022 – $44.02). Other assumptions
                                   used in these valuation models include:

                                                                                                                                                                     2023                2022

                                   Exercise price                                                                                                            $     42.53       $       44.59
                                   Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                           3.44%               2.04%
                                   Expected option life                                                                                                          7 years             7 years
                                   Expected volatility                                                                                                             23.00%              23.00%
                                   Expected dividend yield                                                                                                           5.31%               5.12%


                                   Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years which is
                                   reflective of the expected option life. The average share price in 2023 was $38.43 (2022 – $39.50).

                                   The Company recorded compensation expense related to its stock option program of $4.7 million (2022 – $4.9 million).

                                                                                                                                                   2023                                    2022
                                                                                                                                              Weighted-                               Weighted-
                                                                                                                       Number of                average           Number of              average
                                                                                                                         options           exercise price           options        exercise price

                                   Balance, beginning of year                                                         11,725,342       $          39.98          11,712,164    $          39.36
                                   Granted                                                                               662,606                  42.53          1,546,295                44.59
                                   Exercised                                                                            (463,676)                 36.39            (879,019)              37.03
                                   Forfeited                                                                          (1,022,154)                 45.86           (654,098)               43.77
                                   Balance, end of year                                                               10,902,118       $          39.74          11,725,342    $          39.98
                                   Exercisable, end of year                                                            6,924,596       $          39.80          6,596,299     $          41.01

                                                                                                                                                  Exercise           Options            Options
                                   Options outstanding at December 31, 2023                                            Expiry date                 price $       outstanding         exercisable

                                                                                                                              2024                  53.81           579,124             579,124
                                                                                                                              2025         43.28 – 43.97            776,309             776,309
                                                                                                                              2026         34.88 – 38.17            795,689             746,859
                                                                                                                              2027         39.71 – 41.74            940,780             868,684
                                                                                                                              2028         37.58 – 40.10          1,154,727           1,154,727
                                                                                                                              2029         34.29 – 36.91          1,122,461             847,190
                                                                                                                              2030         31.85 – 38.65          1,976,703           1,172,881
                                                                                                                              2031         35.01 – 46.02          1,407,189             478,812
                                                                                                                              2032         36.57 – 45.56          1,486,530             300,010
                                                                                                                              2033         39.02 – 42.54            662,606                     –
                                                                                                                                                                 10,902,118           6,924,596



                                   Share unit plans
                                   The Company has share unit plans for eligible employees to assist in retaining and further aligning the interests of senior
                                   management with those of the shareholders. These plans include Performance Share Unit (PSU), Deferred Share Unit (DSU) and
                                   Restricted Share Unit (RSU) plans. Under the terms of the plans, share units are awarded annually and are subject to time vesting




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   conditions. In addition, the PSU and DSU plans are subject to performance vesting conditions. The value of each share unit is based
                                   on the share price of the Company’s common shares. The PSUs and RSUs are cash settled and vest over a three year period. Certain


PART C
                                   employees can elect at the time of grant to receive a portion of their PSUs in the form of deferred share units which vest over a three
                                   year period. Deferred share units are redeemable when a participant is no longer an employee of the Company or any of its affiliates
                                   by a lump sum payment based on the value of the deferred share unit at that time. Additional share units are issued in respect of
                                   dividends payable on common shares based on a value of the share unit at the dividend payment date. The Company recorded
                                   compensation expense, excluding the impact of hedging, of $23.7 million in 2023 (2022 – $21.1 million) and a liability of $37.4 million
                                   at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $40.1 million).




                              124 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  108                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Share purchase plans
Under the Company’s share purchase plans, eligible employees can elect each year to have a percentage of their annual earnings
withheld, subject to a maximum, to purchase the Company’s common shares. The Company matches 50% of the contribution
amounts. All contributions are used by the plan trustee to purchase common shares in the open market. Shares purchased with
Company contributions vest after a maximum period of two years following the date of purchase. The Company’s contributions are
recorded in Advisory and business development and Operations and support expenses as paid and totalled $4.9 million (2022 –
$4.7 million).


Directors’ deferred share unit plan
The Company has a Deferred Share Unit (DSU) plan for the directors of the Company to promote a greater alignment of interests
between directors and shareholders of the Company. Under the terms of the plan, directors are required to receive 50% of their
annual board retainer in the form of DSUs and may elect to receive the balance of their annual board retainer in cash or DSUs.
Directors may elect to receive certain fees in a combination of DSUs and cash. The number of DSUs granted is determined by dividing
the amount of remuneration payable by the average closing price on the Toronto Stock Exchange of the common shares of the
Company on the last five days of the fiscal quarter (value of DSU). A director who has elected to receive DSUs will receive additional
DSUs in respect of dividends payable on common shares, based on the value of a DSU at the dividend payment date. DSUs are
redeemable when a participant is no longer a director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its affiliates by cash payments,
based on the value of the DSUs at that time. At December 31, 2023, the fair value of the DSUs outstanding was $31.1 million (2022 –
$29.8 million). Any difference between the change in fair value of the DSUs and the change in fair value of the total return swap, which
is an economic hedge for the DSU plan, is recognized in Operations and support expense in the period in which the change occurs.



Note 22. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                               Investment
                                                                                           Employee              Other       in associates
                                                                                            benefits       investments           and other           Total

2023
Balance, beginning of year                                                             $      4,383    $     309,605     $        48,778     $   362,766
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                           (18,378)           85,054            (96,441)         (29,765)
Disposal of investment in associate (Note 10)                                                     –                 –            (16,008)         (16,008)
Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                            –              (703)                  –            (703)
Balance, end of year                                                                   $    (13,995)   $     393,956     $       (63,671)    $   316,290

2022
Balance, beginning of year                                                             $    (95,666)   $      919,152    $        59,597     $   883,083
Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                          100,049           (585,515)           (10,819)        (496,285)
Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                            –           (24,032)                  –         (24,032)
Balance, end of year                                                                   $      4,383    $     309,605     $        48,778     $   362,766


Amounts are recorded net of tax.

The Company recorded after-tax gains in Other comprehensive income of $85.1 million (2022 – losses of $585.5 million) due to fair
value changes in the Company’s investments, primarily related to fair value adjustments on Wealthsimple.




                                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 125
                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             C  109
                                   Note 23. Risk management

                                   The Company actively manages its liquidity, credit and market risks.


                                   Liquidity and funding risk related to financial instruments
                                   Liquidity and funding risk is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain sufficient cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to meet
                                   contractual or anticipated commitments as they come due or arise.

                                   Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
                                   normal and stressed conditions. The Company’s liquidity management practices include:
                                   • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near term liquidity needs.
                                   • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
                                   • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                                   • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and the Company’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                                   • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
                                   • Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by the Financial Risk Management Committee, a committee of finance and other business leaders.

                                   A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial products and
                                   services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.

                                   The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and temporarily hold mortgages pending sale or securitization to long-term
                                   funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking operations, residential
                                   mortgages are sold to third parties including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through private placements, Canadian
                                   bank-sponsored securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act Mortgage Backed Securities (NHA MBS)
                                   including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the Canada Mortgage Bond Program (CMB Program).

                                   Certain subsidiaries of the Company are approved issuers of NHA MBS and are approved sellers into the CMB Program. Capacity
                                   for sales under the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held in the
                                   Principal Reinvestment Accounts.

                                   The Company maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts.

                                   The Company’s contractual maturities of certain financial liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                                                                              Less than
                                   As at December 31, 2023 ($ millions)                                                     Demand               1 year           1–5 years           Over 5 years          Total

                                   Derivative financial instruments                                                  $             –     $         11.4      $             38.2   $             –    $      49.6
                                   Deposits and Certificates(1)                                                             3,342.8                  0.3                    0.5               0.6         3,344.2
                                   Obligations to securitization entities                                                          –              937.1             3,737.5                  13.2         4,687.8
                                   Leases(2)                                                                                       –               29.2                    84.2              96.9          210.3
                                   Long-term debt                                                                                  –                   –              525.0               1,875.0         2,400.0
                                   Total contractual maturities                                                      $      3,342.8      $        978.0      $      4,385.4       $       1,985.7    $   10,691.9

                                   (1) Deposits and certificates due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
                                   (2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.


                                   In addition to the Company’s current balance of cash and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through the Company’s lines of




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   credit. The Company’s lines of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled $800 million at December 31,
                                   2023, compared to $825 million at December 31, 2022. The lines of credit at December 31, 2023 consisted of committed lines of

PART C
                                   $650 million and uncommitted lines of $150 million, compared to $650 million and $175 million at December 31, 2022. Any advances
                                   made by a bank under the uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s sole discretion. As at December 31, 2023 and December 31,
                                   2022, the Company was not utilizing its committed lines of credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.

                                   The Company’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.




                              126 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  110                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Credit risk related to financial instruments
This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a counterparty to a transaction fails to meet its obligations. The Company is
exposed to credit risk through its cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolio, and use of over-the-counter
derivatives. The Company monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.

At December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents of $544.6 million (2022 – $1,072.9 million) consisted of cash balances of
$216.5 million (2022 – $346.3 million) on deposit with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of $328.1 million (2022 –
$726.6 million). Cash equivalents are comprised of Government of Canada treasury bills totalling $0.5 million (2022 – $81.6 million),
provincial government treasury bills and promissory notes of $36.4 million (2022 – $306.8 million), bankers’ acceptances of
$291.2 million (2022 – $293.2 million) and other corporate commercial paper of nil (2022 – $45.0 million).

The Company manages credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents by adhering to its Investment Policy that outlines credit risk
parameters and concentration limits. The Company regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties. The maximum exposure
to credit risk on these financial instruments is their carrying value.

Client funds on deposit of $3,365.7 million (2022 – $4,347.4 million) are held with Schedule I chartered banks.

As at December 31, 2023, residential mortgages, recorded on the Company’s balance sheet, of $5.1 billion (2022 – $5.0 billion)
consisted of $4.7 billion sold to securitization programs (2022 – $4.6 billion), $375.5 million held pending sale or securitization (2022 –
$371.9 million) and $11.5 million related to the Company’s intermediary operations (2022 – $12.7 million).

The Company manages credit risk related to residential mortgages through:
• Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;
• Its loan servicing capabilities;
• Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by the Company; and
• Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through its own network of Mortgage Advisors and IG Wealth Management
  advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan™.

In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms and nature of securitization transactions as described below:
• Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.4 billion (2022 – $2.5 billion), the Company is obligated to make timely payment of
  principal and coupons irrespective of whether such payments were received from the mortgage borrower. However, as required
  by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans are insured by an approved insurer.
• Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.3 billion (2022 – $2.1 billion) is
  limited to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future net interest income, the fair values of which were $58.0 million (2022
  – $55.2 million) and $37.0 million (2022 – $21.3 million), respectively, at December 31, 2023. Cash reserve accounts are reflected on
  the balance sheet, whereas rights to future net interest income are not reflected on the balance sheet and will be recorded over
  the life of the mortgages.

At December 31, 2023, residential mortgages recorded on balance sheet were 50.7% insured (2022 – 53.3%). As at December 31,
2023, impaired mortgages on these portfolios were $3.1 million, compared to $2.2 million at December 31, 2022. Uninsured
non-performing mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios were $2.8 million at December 31, 2023, compared to $1.7 million
at December 31, 2022.

The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short-Term
Income Fund through an agreement to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds. These loans are not
recorded on the Company’s balance sheet as the Company has transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership




                                                                                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC.
associated with these loans.

The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected credit losses.

The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was $0.7 million at December 31, 2023, compared to $0.8 million at                                                PART C
December 31, 2022, and is considered adequate by management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based
on: i) historical credit performance experience, ii) recent trends including increasing interest rates, iii) current portfolio credit metrics
and other relevant characteristics, iv) our strong financial planning relationship with our clients, and v) stress testing of losses under
adverse real estate market conditions.




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 127
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    C  111
                                   The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities and
                                   mortgage portfolios have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.

                                   The Company is exposed to credit risk through derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate securitization
                                   transactions and to hedge market risk related to certain stock-based compensation arrangements. These derivatives are discussed
                                   more fully under the Market risk section.

                                   To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk if its counterparties fail
                                   to fulfil their obligations under these arrangements.

                                   The Company’s derivative activities are managed in accordance with its Derivative Policy which includes counterparty limits and
                                   other parameters to manage counterparty risk. The aggregate credit risk exposure related to derivatives that are in a gain position
                                   of $51.2 million (2022 – $71.2 million) does not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral arrangements. The exposure to
                                   credit risk, considering netting agreements and collateral arrangements and including rights to future net interest income, was
                                   $3.7 million at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $10.5 million). Counterparties are all Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result,
                                   management has determined that the Company’s overall credit risk related to derivatives was not significant at December 31, 2023.
                                   Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not changed materially since December 31, 2022.


                                   Market risk related to financial instruments
                                   This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values of the Company’s financial instruments due to changes in interest rates,
                                   equity prices or foreign exchange rates.

                                   Interest rate risk

                                   The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on its loan portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments used in the
                                   Company’s mortgage banking operations.

                                   The Company manages interest rate risk associated with its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate swaps with
                                   Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:
                                   • The Company has in certain instances funded floating rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds as part of the
                                     securitization transactions under the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, the Company is party to a swap whereby it is
                                     entitled to receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated to pay Canada Mortgage Bond coupons.
                                     This swap had a fair value of $7.7 million (2022 – $20.5 million) and an outstanding notional amount of $0.2 billion at December 31,
                                     2023 (2022 – $0.2 billion). The Company enters into interest rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to hedge the risk
                                     that the interest rates earned on floating rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline. The fair value of these swaps totalled
                                     negative $12.5 million (2022 – negative $19.6 million), on an outstanding notional amount of $1.4 billion at December 31, 2023
                                     (2022 – $1.3 billion). The net fair value of these swaps of negative $4.8 million at December 31, 2023 (2022 – positive $0.9 million) is
                                     recorded on the balance sheet and has an outstanding notional amount of $1.6 billion (2022 – $1.5 billion).
                                   • The Company is exposed to the impact that changes in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages committed to or held
                                     pending sale or securitization to long-term funding sources. The Company enters into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest
                                     rate risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by the Company pending sale or securitization. Hedge accounting is applied
                                     to the cost of funds on certain securitization activities. The effective portion of fair value changes of the associated interest rate
                                     swaps are initially recognized in Other comprehensive income and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management revenue over
                                     the term of the related Obligations to securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps was negative $1.1 million (2022 – positive
                                     $4.7 million) on an outstanding notional amount of $181.5 million at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $191.6 million).




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   As at December 31, 2023, the impact to annual net earnings of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been an
                                   increase of approximately $0.5 million (2022 – decrease of $1.7 million). The Company’s exposure to and management of interest rate

PART C
                                   risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2022.

                                   Equity price risk

                                   The Company is exposed to equity price risk on its equity investments (Note 6) which are classified as either fair value through other
                                   comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss, and on our investments in associates (Note 10), which are accounted for
                                   using the equity method. The fair value of the equity investments was $0.9 billion at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $0.8 billion) and the
                                   carrying value of the Investment in associates was $3.7 billion at December 31, 2023 (2022 – $2.1 billion).




                              128 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  112                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
The Company sponsors a number of deferred compensation arrangements where payments to participants are deferred and linked
to the performance of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. The Company hedges its exposure to this risk through the use of
forward agreements and total return swaps.

Foreign exchange risk

The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the carrying value due
to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income. As at December 31, 2023, a 5% appreciation
(depreciation) in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of foreign
investments by approximately $128.1 million ($141.6 million).

The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share of associates’
earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange rates. For the year ended
December 31, 2023, the impact to net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies
would decrease (increase) the Company’s proportionate share of associates’ earnings (losses) by approximately $4.9 million
($5.4 million).


Risks related to assets under management and advisement
Risks related to the performance of the equity markets, changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currencies relative to the
Canadian dollar can have a significant impact on the level and mix of assets under management and advisement. These changes in
assets under management and advisement directly impact earnings.



Note 24. Derivative financial instruments

The Company enters into derivative contracts which are either exchange-traded or negotiated in the over-the-counter market on a
diversified basis with Schedule I chartered banks or Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts that are counterparties to the
Company’s securitization transactions. In all cases, the derivative contracts are used for non-trading purposes. Interest rate swaps
are contractual agreements between two parties to exchange the related interest payments based on a specified notional amount
and reference rate for a specified period. Total return swaps are contractual agreements to exchange payments based on a specified
notional amount and the underlying security for a specific period. Options are contractual agreements which convey the right, but
not the obligation, to buy or sell specific financial instruments at a fixed price at a future date. Forward contracts are contractual
agreements to buy or sell a financial instrument on a future date at a specified price.

Certain of the Company’s derivative financial instruments are subject to master netting arrangements and are presented on a
gross basis. The amount subject to credit risk is limited to the current fair value of the instruments which are in a gain position and
recorded as assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total estimated fair value represents the total amount that the Company
would receive or pay to terminate all agreements at each year end. However, this would not result in a gain or loss to the Company as
the derivative instruments which correlate to certain assets and liabilities provide offsetting gains or losses.




                                                                                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                                                  PART C




                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 129
                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                     C  113
                                   The following table summarizes the Company’s derivative financial instruments:

                                                                                                                                 Notional amount                                             Fair value
                                                                           1 year or less       1 – 5 years       Over 5 years               Total           Credit risk         Asset        Liability

                                   2023
                                   Swaps
                                    Hedge accounting                   $               –    $      77,967     $       50,422      $     128,389         $               –   $        –   $        362
                                    No hedge accounting                        235,100          1,380,288             85,769          1,701,157                 39,995          39,995        41,572
                                   Forward contracts
                                    Hedge accounting                            17,281             56,738                   –             74,019                 2,734           2,734          7,646
                                                                       $       252,381      $   1,514,993     $      136,191      $   1,903,565         $       42,729      $   42,729   $    49,580

                                   2022
                                   Swaps
                                    Hedge accounting                   $               –    $      71,634     $       52,290      $     123,924         $             899   $     899    $          26
                                    No hedge accounting                        555,248           973,750              34,636          1,563,634                 55,789          55,789        49,604
                                   Forward contracts
                                    Hedge accounting                             18,150            45,319                   –             63,469                 6,977           6,977          1,951
                                                                       $       573,398      $   1,090,703     $       86,926      $    1,751,027        $       63,665      $   63,665   $     51,581


                                   The credit risk related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments after giving effect to any netting agreements was $3.7 million
                                   (2022 – $8.9 million).

                                   The credit risk related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments after giving effect to netting agreements and including rights
                                   to future net interest income, was $3.7 million (2022 – $10.5 million). Rights to future net interest income are related to the Company’s
                                   securitization activities and are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.



                                   Note 25. Fair value of financial instruments

                                   Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and may not reflect
                                   future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of significant judgment.

                                   All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of three levels that
                                   distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.

                                   Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the most advantageous
                                   market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                                   measurement in its entirety.

                                          Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;

                                          Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
                                                    for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other than quoted prices that are
                                                    observable or corroborated by observable market data; and

                                          Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily model-based.

                                   Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may be characterized




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or erratic bid/offer spreads. In those
                                   instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is measured using valuation models which may utilize

PART C
                                   predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management
                                   considers all reasonably available information including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments,
                                   recent arm’s length market transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management
                                   exercises judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the selection of
                                   valuation methodologies.




                              130 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  114                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:

  Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active markets, when
  available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that require assumptions related
  to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible, observable market inputs are used in the
  valuation techniques.

  Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.

  Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.

  Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with arm’s length
  third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.

  Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields for
  securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.

  Deposits and certificates are valued by discounting the contractual cash flows using market interest rates currently offered for
  deposits with similar terms and credit risks.

  Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.

  Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates for
  instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and other financial
liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.

Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments, deposits and certificates and
long-term debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments and deposits and certificates are determined using valuation models,
discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term
debt is determined using indicative broker quotes.

Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes, loans, other
financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments consist
of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap entered into under the CMB Program whereby
the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage
principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the projected cashflows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used
to determine the fair value of the swap, is determined using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on
historical prepayment patterns. An increase (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional
amount of the swap. Level 3 Other investments of $721 million, are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial technology
companies, including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $607 million. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the
investments’ securities, where available, forecasted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples, used in the
valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease) to forecasted cash flows or revenue multiples would result in an
increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple of approximately $30 million.

The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including their levels in
the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value and those recorded at
amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if




                                                                                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC.
the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items include cash and cash equivalents, accounts and other
receivables, certain other financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, credit facility and certain other financial liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                                       PART C




                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 131
                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                       C  115
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                                        Carrying
                                                                                                                           value                   Level 1            Level 2                  Level 3                    Total

                                   2023
                                   Financial assets recorded at fair value
                                    Other investments
                                      – FVTOCI                                                                   $      721,379           $              –     $             –       $       721,379           $      721,379
                                      – FVTPL                                                                           142,219                  130,790                     –                11,429                  142,219
                                    Derivative financial instruments                                                     42,729                          –            26,801                  15,928                   42,729
                                   Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                                    Loans
                                      – Amortized cost                                                                5,108,696                          –          379,954                4,690,885                5,070,839
                                   Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                                    Derivative financial instruments                                                     49,580                          –            41,373                   8,207                   49,580
                                   Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                                    Deposits and certificates                                                         3,344,190                          –         3,344,223                           –            3,344,223
                                    Obligations to securitization entities                                            4,687,827                          –                   –             4,695,738                4,695,738
                                    Long-term debt                                                                    2,400,000                          –         2,453,390                           –            2,453,390

                                   2022
                                   Financial assets recorded at fair value
                                    Other investments
                                      – FVTOCI                                                                   $      602,612           $              –     $             –       $       602,612           $      602,612
                                      – FVTPL                                                                           171,924                  160,495                     –                11,429                  171,924
                                    Derivative financial instruments                                                     63,665                          –            37,900                  25,765                   63,665
                                   Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
                                    Loans
                                      – Amortized cost                                                                5,021,483                          –          372,983                4,532,493                4,905,476
                                   Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
                                    Derivative financial instruments                                                      51,581                         –           46,332                    5,249                    51,581
                                   Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
                                    Deposits and certificates                                                        4,333,997                           –         4,334,010                           –            4,334,010
                                    Obligations to securitization entities                                            4,610,438                          –                   –             4,544,609                4,544,609
                                    Long-term debt                                                                    2,100,000                          –         2,013,917                           –             2,013,917


                                   There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2023 and 2022.

                                   The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There
                                   were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2023 and 2022.

                                                                                                                                        Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                                            included
                                                                                                              Gains (losses)                 in Other
                                                                                               Balance          included in           comprehensive          Purchases and                                             Balance
                                                                                             January 1         Net earnings (1)               income             issuances               Settlements               December 31

                                   2023
                                   Other investments
                                    – FVTOCI                                          $      602,612      $                –      $           96,557     $         32,463        $           10,253        $          721,379
                                    – FVTPL                                                    11,429                      –                        –                    –                         –                   11,429




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   Derivative financial instruments, net                       20,516                  (360)                        –              (3,130)                    9,305                      7,721

                                   2022



PART C
                                   Other investments
                                    – FVTOCI                                          $    1,291,434      $                –      $        (677,525)     $         36,140        $           47,437        $          602,612
                                    – FVTPL                                                          –                     –                        –              11,429                          –                    11,429
                                   Derivative financial instruments, net                          960                28,010                         –              (5,605)                    2,849                     20,516

                                   (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                              132 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  116                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Note 26. Earnings per common share

                                                                                                                                        2023           2022

Earnings
 Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                       $    929,380     $   861,158
 Non-controlling interest                                                                                                             (3,469)        (5,134)
 Net earnings available to common shareholders – continuing operations                                                              925,911         856,024
 Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                          223,131          11,420
 Non-controlling interest                                                                                                              (150)           (200)
 Net earnings available to common shareholders – discontinued operations                                                            222,981          11,220
 Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                 $   1,148,892    $   867,244
Number of common shares (in thousands)
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                                               238,033         238,470
 Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                                                385            526
 Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                                        238,418         238,996
Earnings per common share (in dollars)
 Basic
   From continuing operations                                                                                                  $        3.89    $      3.59
   From discontinued operations                                                                                                         0.94           0.05
   Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                               $        4.83    $      3.64
 Diluted
   From continuing operations                                                                                                  $        3.88    $      3.58
   From discontinued operations                                                                                                         0.94           0.05
   Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                               $        4.82    $      3.63

(1) Excludes 912 thousand shares in 2023 related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2022 – 837 thousand).




Note 27. Contingent liabilities and guarantees

Contingent liabilities
The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed class action was
filed in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges that the company should not
have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action was certified in January 2024. In August 2022,
a second proposed class action concerning the same subject matter was filed against Mackenzie.

In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were compromised due
to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The Company has notified impacted clients
and offered credit monitoring at no cost for two years to all clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed against Mackenzie
concerning this incident.

Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management does not expect
the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated
financial position.




                                                                                                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Guarantees
In the normal course of operations, the Company executes agreements that provide for indemnifications to third parties in

                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C
transactions such as business dispositions, business acquisitions, loans and securitization transactions. The Company has also
agreed to indemnify its directors and officers. The nature of these agreements precludes the possibility of making a reasonable
estimate of the maximum potential amount the Company could be required to pay third parties as the agreements often do not
specify a maximum amount and the amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood
of which cannot be determined. Historically, the Company has not made any payments under such indemnification agreements. No
provisions have been recognized related to these agreements.




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 133
                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             C  117
                                   Note 28. Related party transactions

                                   Transactions and balances with related entities
                                   The Company enters into transactions with Canada Life, which is a subsidiary of its affiliate, Lifeco, which is a subsidiary of Power.
                                   These transactions are in the normal course of operations and have been recorded at fair value:
                                   • During 2023 and 2022, the Company provided to and received from Canada Life certain administrative services. The Company
                                     distributes insurance products under a distribution agreement with Canada Life and received $51.7 million in distribution fees
                                     (2022 – $48.7 million). The Company received $59.8 million (2022 – $61.4 million) and paid $19.6 million (2022 – $19.5 million) to
                                     Canada Life and related subsidiary companies for the provision of sub-advisory services for certain investment funds.

                                   On January 12, 2023, the Company acquired an additional interest in ChinaAMC from Power and sold a portion of its investment in
                                   Lifeco to Power (Note 10).

                                   On November 30, 2023, the Company completed the sale of 100% of IPC to Canada Life (Note 3).

                                   The acquisition and sale transactions were recorded at fair value.


                                   Key management compensation
                                   The total compensation and other benefits to directors and employees classified as key management, being individuals having
                                   authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company, are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                               2023         2022

                                   Compensation and employee benefits                                                                                    $    4,224   $   4,084
                                   Post-employment benefits                                                                                                   4,267       4,042
                                   Share-based payments                                                                                                       2,217       1,756
                                                                                                                                                         $   10,708   $   9,882


                                   Share-based payments exclude the fair value remeasurement of the deferred share units associated with changes in the Company’s
                                   share price (Note 21).



                                   Note 29. Segmented information

                                   In 2023, the Company realigned its reportable segments to better characterize and simplify the Company’s business lines into wealth
                                   management and asset management segments. The revised segments reflect a realignment of Rockefeller and Wealthsimple to the
                                   wealth management segment and ChinaAMC and Northleaf to the asset management segment. These changes have no impact on
                                   the reported earnings of the Company. Prior period comparative information has been restated to reflect the realigned segments.

                                   The Company’s reportable segments are:
                                   • Wealth Management
                                   • Asset Management
                                   • Corporate and Other

                                   These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused on
                                     providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities of IG Wealth

PART C
                                     Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its securities dealer, mutual fund
                                     dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. A majority of the revenues of this segment are
                                     derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial products and services to Canadian households. This segment
                                     also includes the investment management activities of these organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary
                                     portfolio management services. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                     Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share




                              134 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  118                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
   of earnings included in revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for as fair value through other
   comprehensive income and therefore has no impact on the segment earnings. This segment also included IPC, which was sold
   on November 30, 2023. IPC’s results were classified as discontinued operations.
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on providing
  investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides investment
  management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third party dealers and financial advisors,
  and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors. This segment
  also includes the Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates
  and accounted for using the equity method. The proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the
  segment’s revenue.
• Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Lifeco and Portage, the Company’s unallocated capital, as well as
  consolidation elimination entries.

2023
                                                                          Wealth               Asset         Corporate            Total
                                                                     Management          Management          and Other         Segment          Adjustments (1)           Total

Revenues
 Wealth management                                               $     2,206,201     $              –    $      (6,520)   $   2,199,681     $              –      $   2,199,681

 Asset management                                                              –            1,051,122        (102,081)         949,041                     –           949,041
 Dealer compensation                                                           –            (311,439)           (2,668)       (314,107)                    –          (314,107)
 Net asset management                                                          –             739,683         (104,749)         634,934                     –           634,934

 Net investment income and other                                         13,299               12,094           12,253           37,646                     –            37,646
 Gain on sale of Lifeco shares (Note 10)                                       –                    –                –                –             172,977            172,977
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                              (3,309)            121,440           66,908          185,039               15,098            200,137
                                                                       2,216,191             873,217          (32,108)        3,057,300             188,075           3,245,375
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                      922,713               83,546                (7)       1,006,252                    –          1,006,252
 Operations and support                                                 438,486              362,681            1,271          802,438              103,266            905,704
 Sub-advisory                                                           172,391                4,609         (111,269)          65,731                     –            65,731
                                                                       1,533,590             450,836         (110,005)        1,874,421             103,266           1,977,687
                                                                        682,601              422,381           77,897         1,182,879              84,809           1,267,688
Interest expense (2)                                                     98,210               25,021                 –         123,231                     –           123,231
Earnings before income taxes                                            584,391              397,360           77,897         1,059,648              84,809           1,144,457
Income taxes                                                            155,984               83,761            (1,929)        237,816              (22,739)           215,077
Net earnings from continuing operations                                 428,407              313,599           79,826          821,832              107,548            929,380
Net earnings from discontinued operations                                 14,849                    –         (12,421)           2,428              220,703            223,131
                                                                         443,256             313,599           67,405          824,260              328,251           1,152,511
Non-controlling interest                                                   (150)               (3,469)               –           (3,619)                   –             (3,619)
                                                                        443,106              310,130           67,405          820,641              328,251           1,148,892
Restructuring and other, net of tax(1)                                                                                          (76,208)             76,208                   –
Gain on sale of IPC(1)                                                                                                         220,703             (220,703)                  –
Gain on sale of Lifeco shares, net of tax(1)                                                                                   168,658             (168,658)                  –
Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment(1)                                                                                                    15,098              (15,098)                  –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                             $   1,148,892     $              –      $   1,148,892




                                                                                                                                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Identifiable assets                                              $ 11,456,731        $      3,583,510    $    986,270     $ 16,026,511      $              –      $ 16,026,511


                                                                                                                                                                                                        PART C
Goodwill                                                               1,346,245            1,290,526                –        2,636,771                    –          2,636,771
Total assets                                                     $ 12,802,976        $      4,874,036    $    986,270     $ 18,663,282      $              –      $ 18,663,282

(1) Restructuring and other, Gain on sale of IPC, Gain on sale of Lifeco shares and Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded
    from segment results. These items have been added back, including the impact to Income taxes, to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated
    Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report 135
                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              C  119
                                   2022
                                                                                                                                             Wealth               Asset        Corporate
                                                                                                                                        Management          Management         and Other             Total

                                   Revenues
                                    Wealth management                                                                               $    2,159,870      $             –    $           –    $   2,159,870

                                    Asset management                                                                                              –          1,077,678          (110,466)        967,212
                                    Dealer compensation                                                                                           –            (327,521)               –         (327,521)
                                    Net asset management                                                                                          –            750,157          (110,466)        639,691

                                    Net investment income and other                                                                          2,434               5,690            14,114          22,238
                                    Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                               (364)             82,899          128,227          210,762
                                                                                                                                          2,161,940            838,746           31,875         3,032,561
                                   Expenses
                                    Advisory and business development                                                                      882,712              79,353                (1)        962,064
                                    Operations and support                                                                                 424,009             360,543            2,091          786,643
                                    Sub-advisory                                                                                           169,093               4,946          (110,465)         63,574
                                                                                                                                         1,475,814             444,842          (108,375)       1,812,281
                                                                                                                                           686,126             393,904          140,250         1,220,280
                                   Interest expense(1)                                                                                      89,653              23,521                 –          113,174
                                   Earnings before income taxes                                                                            596,473             370,383          140,250         1,107,106
                                   Income taxes                                                                                            159,684              81,591            4,673          245,948
                                   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                 436,789             288,792          135,577           861,158
                                   Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                11,296                    –             124            11,420
                                                                                                                                           448,085             288,792          135,701          872,578
                                   Non-controlling interest                                                                                   (200)              (5,134)               –           (5,334)
                                   Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                    $      447,885      $      283,658     $    135,701     $    867,244


                                   Identifiable assets                                                                              $ 11,798,168        $    2,315,098     $   1,822,079    $ 15,935,345
                                   Goodwill                                                                                              1,491,687           1,310,486                 –        2,802,173
                                   Total assets                                                                                     $ 13,289,855        $ 3,625,584        $   1,822,079    $ 18,737,518

                                   (1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




         IGM FINANCIAL INC.
PART C




                              136 2023 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report | Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                    C  120                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       T R A N S F E R AG E N T A N D R E G I S T R A R
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.com.
                                                                   Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:
                                                                   Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;
Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Vancouver, British Columbia
Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            www.investorcentre.com

Subordinate Voting Shares: POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHARE HOLDE R SE RVICES

First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
                                                                   Shareholder Services
                                                                   100 University Avenue, 8th Floor
                                                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2Y1
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
