2026  First
   Quarter
    Report
  FOR THE PERIOD ENDED
         MARCH 31, 2026
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS




This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the ﬁnancial
condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation of Canada
(the Corporation) for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and the unaudited
interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Corporation
as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2026. This document has
been ﬁled with the securities regulatory authorities in each of the provinces
and territories of Canada and is available under the Corporation’s proﬁle on
SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6     1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of
the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are
used with permission.




     2                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
            Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                   PART A




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAG E A 74




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s current
                                       expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their respective
                                       MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance, financial position and
                                       cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the
                                       reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations,
                                       business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB commenced in 2026, statements concerning deferred taxes, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities and investment strategies of the investment platforms, capital
                                       commitments by the Power group and third parties, the expected impact of SHMI’s investment in Unigestion, GBL’s strategy to simplify its portfolio and the expected timing
                                       of its investments in direct private assets, and the Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed expectations including Great West’s NCIB and the Corporation’s participation therein.
                                       Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include words such as “expects”,
                                       “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or
                                       conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts,
                                       predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be
                                       achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and results of the Corporation
                                       and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                                       factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally, fluctuations
                                       in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of local and global equity and capital markets, management of
                                       market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting
                                       policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying
                                       future accounting changes, business competition, operational and reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government administrations,
                                       regulation, legislation and policies, changes in tax laws, the impacts of trade relations, ongoing trade tensions and fiscal policy developments, geopolitical tensions and
                                       related economic impacts, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or an outbreak
                                       of a public health pandemic or other public health crises, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and
                                       implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, and with respect to forward-looking
                                       statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                       Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
                                       projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, and that strategic transactions, acquisitions,
                                       divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be completed on expected terms, including that any required approvals will be received when and on such terms
                                       as are expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. Other considerations also include the availability of cash to
                                       complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties in the previous paragraph, collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on the
                                       Corporation, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, that the risks identified by such subsidiaries in their
                                       respective MD&A and Annual Information Form are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be
                                       reasonable based on information currently available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
                                       circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or
                                       results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in forward-
                                       looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A, the 2025 Annual MD&A (as defined herein) and its most recent Annual Information
                                       Form, filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Accounting
                                       Standards. Terms by which non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings”, “adjusted net earnings per share”,
                                       “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per share”, “consolidated assets under management and advisement”, “consolidated assets and assets under
                                       administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management uses these financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance, financial condition
                                       and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that they provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation.
                                       These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other entities. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A
                                       for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS financial measures to measures prescribed by IFRS as well as additional details on each measure. Reconciliations
                                       of the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet are also included in the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.

                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset
                                       investment platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”, “assets
                                       under management and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “capital commitments”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing
                                       capital”, “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net carried interest”, “non-fee-bearing assets”, “unfunded commitments” and “weighted average management fee
                                       rate”. In addition, the presentation of the holding company is used to present and analyze the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding
                                       company. Refer to the section “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.




                                             A  2                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


MAY 12, 2026
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month period ended March 31, 2026. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the
unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes thereto for the three-month
period ended March 31, 2026 (the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements), the MD&A for the year ended December 31,
2025 (the 2025 Annual MD&A), and the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended
December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements). Additional information relating to Power Corporation,
including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the Corporation’s website at www.powercorporation.com and on
SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ORGANIZATION OF THE INTERIM MD&A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Great West, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Great West’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Great West in accordance with applicable securities
    legislation, which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from Great West’s website
    (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s interim MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Great West (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are at
March 31, 2026 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       About the Corporation                                                          Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5   Power Corporation of Canada                                  5             54 Cash Flows                                                   54
                                       6   Group Structure                                              6             57 Capital Management                                           57
                                       10 Table of Holdings                                             10            59 Risk Management                                              59

                                       11 Financial Highlights                                          11            60 Financial Instruments and Other Instruments                  60

                                                                                                                      61 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                               61

                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                                 61 Contingent Liabilities                                       61
                                       13 Results of Power Corporation                                  13            61 Commitments and Contractual Obligations                      61

                                       14 Consolidated Statements of Earnings                           14
                                       15 Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings        15            Accounting Policies

                                                                                                                      61 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments       61
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                                       62 Changes in Accounting Policies                               62

                                       17 Great West                                                    17            62 Future Accounting Changes                                    62

                                       22 IGM Financial                                                 22
                                       26 GBL                                                           26
                                       Other Components                                                               Other
                                       30 Sagard and Power Sustainable                                  30            62 Transactions with Related Parties                            62
                                       44 Other                                                         44            63 Internal Control over Financial Reporting                    63
                                                                                                                      63 Power Financial Corporation                                  63
                                       Financial Position                                                             64 Non-IFRS Financial Measures                                  64

                                       46 Consolidated Balance Sheets                                   46            66 Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures      66

                                       49 Holding Company Balance Sheets                                49            70 Other Measures                                               70

                                       52 Adjusted Net Asset Value                                      52            73 Summary of Quarterly Results                                 73




                                            A  4                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it holds a controlling interest in Great West and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the
Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act as an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective;
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles;
  Strong governance oversight; and
  Prudent approach to risk management.

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Power Corporation levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
    traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, continues to develop its alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6    A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at March 31, 2026, which include the operating
                                       subsidiaries (Great West and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




                                          In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                          1 Great West, through Canada Life, held a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM held a 2.5% interest in Great West.
                                          2 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which Mackenzie held an 80% equity interest
                                            and Great West held a 20% equity interest.
                                          3 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco held a 47.8% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                          4 Includes a controlling interest in the Portage Ventures Funds and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Great West and IGM.
                                          5 Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                          6 The Corporation held a 44.6% interest in SHMI, and Great West and GBL held interests of 10.8% and 4.1%, respectively. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power
                                            Sustainable”.
                                          7 The Corporation held a 73.0% interest in PSM, and Great West held a 20.4% interest. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.




                                           A  6                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value 1, which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group, as well as show the




                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.


                                                             TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS


                IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                                 IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




1 Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
2 Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in the Portage Ventures Funds, Portage Capital Solutions and Wealthsimple.
3 Includes the Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents, other assets and investments held by the holding company, and the investment in LMPG.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                             A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Great West and IGM. It also has significant holdings




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       in a portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

                                       G R EAT WES T
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $58.5 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at March 31,
                                       2026, is a financial services holding company that provides retirement, wealth, group benefits and insurance and risk solutions
                                       to approximately 40 million customer relationships. Great West operates in the United States (U.S.), Canada and Europe under
                                       the brands Empower, Canada Life and Irish Life.
                                       At March 31, 2026, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.6% and 2.5%, respectively, in Great West’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Great West voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $15.5 billion at March 31, 2026, is a leading Canadian diversified wealth
                                       and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors globally.
                                       IGM provides a broad range of financial planning and investment management services to help approximately two million
                                       Canadians meet their financial goals. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth Management and
                                       asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to its operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects.
                                       At March 31, 2026, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Great West, held interests of 63.4% and 3.9%,
                                       respectively, in IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At March 31, 2026, Parjointco held a 34.2% indirect (47.8% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a
                                       Belgian holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €10.4 billion at March 31, 2026, is an established investment holding company. As
                                       a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base. GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through
                                       a combination of growth in its net asset value per share, a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.




                                             A  8                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios




                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
in several alternative asset classes, principally in North America and Europe. The alternative asset investment platforms offer
alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term investment strategies generally invest
in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset investment strategies include venture
capital, private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At March 31, 2026, the alternative asset investment
platforms had $53.6 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other
Measures”).

S AG AR D
Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit and
real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial partners,
advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds
strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in Canada, the U.S., Europe and the
Middle East. At March 31, 2026, Sagard had $49.1 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The asset management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI). The Corporation
held a 44.6% controlling interest in SHMI at March 31, 2026 (44.2% at December 31, 2025). Great West and GBL also held
interests of 10.8% and 4.1%, respectively, in SHMI at March 31, 2026 (11.0% and 4.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2025).

POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across multiple
industries. Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, sustainable cities and
communities and resource efficiency, which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and
employees. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power
Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb Private
Equity. At March 31, 2026, Power Sustainable had $4.5 billion of assets under management, including unfunded
commitments.
The asset management business of Power Sustainable is consolidated under Power Sustainable Manager Inc. (PSM). The
Corporation held a 73.0% controlling interest in PSM at March 31, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025). Great West also held
an interest of 20.4% in PSM at March 31, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6     A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF HOLDINGS
                                       At March 31, 2026, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                    % economic
                                       Holdings                                                                         interest           Nature of investment                   Accounting method

                                       Publicly traded operating companies 1
                                          Great West 2                                                                       68.6          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                          IGM 3                                                                              63.4          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                  4
                                          GBL                                                                                17.1          Joint control                          Equity method
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                          Sagard
                                             SHMI 5                                                                          44.6          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                  BEX 6                                                                      45.0          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                  PEM                                                                      100.0           Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                  HalseyPoint                                                                40.0          Joint control                          Equity method
                                                               17
                                             Wealthsimple                                                                    19.9          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Portage Ventures I 1 8                                                          63.0          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                      19
                                             Portage Ventures II                                                             12.4          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Portage Ventures III 10                                                           2.4         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                       11
                                             Portage Ventures IV                                                               4.5         Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Portage Capital Solutions 12                                                    29.2          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                               13
                                             Sagard Funds                                                                various           Investment                             Fair value through profit or loss
                                          Power Sustainable
                                             Power Sustainable Manager 14                                                    73.0          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Power Sustainable Energy
                                              Infrastructure Partnership 15                                                  28.1          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Potentia                                                                      100.0           Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                             Nautilus                                                                      100.0           Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                                                       15
                                             Decarbonization PE                                                              39.5          Controlling interest                   Consolidation
                                       Other investments
                                          LMPG                                                                               49.6          Controlling interest                   Consolidation

                                       1 Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
                                       2 IGM also held a 2.5% interest in Great West.
                                       3 Canada Life also held a 3.9% interest in IGM.
                                       4 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco held a controlling interest in GBL.
                                       5 Great West and GBL also held interests of 10.8% and 4.1%, respectively, in SHMI. During the first quarter of 2026, management of Sagard acquired an additional interest
                                         of 1.2%, on a fully diluted basis, in SHMI as part of its management co-investment program. At March 31, 2026, management of Sagard held a fully diluted interest of
                                         20.9% in SHMI. SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant to which certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future,
                                         compensation in the form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 5-year period. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for information on the equity financing
                                         round as part of the recently announced Unigestion transaction.
                                       6 The Corporation, through Sagard U.K. Management Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of SHMI, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 5.1% equity interest
                                         in BEX.
                                       7 Power Financial held an effective economic interest of 19.9% in Wealthsimple (based on undiluted outstanding equity) through direct and indirect ownership interests
                                         held via Portage Ventures I; IGM and Great West also held effective economic interests of 30.6% and 1.9%, respectively, in Wealthsimple. Refer to the section
                                         “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.
                                       8 Great West and IGM also held equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       9 Power Financial held a 7.7% interest, Sagard held a 4.7% interest, and Great West and IGM also held equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
                                       10 Great West and IGM also held interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       11 Great West and IGM also held interests of 10.8% and 3.1%, respectively, in Portage Ventures IV.
                                       12 Great West also held an interest of 27.9% in Portage Capital Solutions.
                                       13 The Corporation held a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Great West and GBL also held investments in certain of these funds. Refer to the
                                          section “Asset Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
                                       14 At March 31, 2026, management of Power Sustainable held a 6.6% interest in PSM. Great West also held an interest of 20.4% in PSM. PSM also has a long-term incentive
                                          program pursuant to which certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the form of equity of PSM vesting over a 5-
                                          year period.
                                       15 Great West also held a 12.9% interest in PSEIP and a 28.2% interest in Power Sustainable Decarb PE.




                                             A  10                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Three months ended                                                                                                                March 31,   December 31,    March 31,
(in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                                                                    2026           2025          2025

Net earnings 1                                                                                                                        820            408           689
Adjusted net earnings 1 2                                                                                                             905            867           787

Per share – basic 1
   Net earnings                                                                                                                      1.29            0.64         1.07
                                3
   Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                             1.43            1.36         1.22

Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                                                        0.6675         0.6125       0.6125
                      4
Dividend yield                                                                                                                       4.0%            3.4%         4.8%

Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                                                               930            926           855
                                                                                      2
Total consolidated assets under management and advisement (in billions)                                                             1,450          1,433         1,273
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration 2 (in billions)                                                           3,986          3,971         3,584

Adjusted net asset value 1 2                                                                                                       53,439         54,526       44,336
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                 23,081         23,082       23,199

Per share 1
   Adjusted net asset value 3                                                                                                       84.54          85.77         68.99
                  5
   Book value                                                                                                                       36.52          36.31         36.10

Market capitalization 6                                                                                                            42,331         46,377       32,699

Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
   Ending                                                                                                                           66.97          72.95         50.88
   High                                                                                                                             74.50          74.91         51.74
   Low                                                                                                                              62.50          58.97         41.88

Number of participating shares outstanding
   End of period                                                                                                                    632.1          635.7         642.7
   Average                                                                                                                          634.1          637.2         643.0
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
2 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
3 Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
4 Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of
  a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.
5 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
6 Represents the closing price of a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the applicable reporting period multiplied by the aggregate of Subordinate Voting Shares and
  Participating Preferred Shares outstanding.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                        March 31,            December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                   2026                   2025         2025




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Great West 1                                                                                                                           851                   856         703
                                       IGM 1                                                                                                                                  180                   190         149
                                       GBL                                                                                                                                      20                   (15)          3
                                       Effect of consolidation - Great West and IGM 2                                                                                          (12)                  (45)         (5)

                                       Publicly traded operating companies                                                                                                 1,039                    986         850

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                            (18)                    5         34
                                       Corporate operations and Other 3 4                                                                                                    (116)                  (124)       (97)

                                       Adjusted net earnings 5 6                                                                                                              905                   867         787
                                       Adjustments 7                                                                                                                           (85)                 (459)       (98)
                                                       5
                                       Net earnings                                                                                                                           820                   408         689
                                       1 Contribution based on earnings reported by Great West and IGM.
                                       2 Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
                                       3 In the first quarter of 2026, the Corporation modified its presentation; the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s investment in
                                         LMPG, previously presented separately within Standalone businesses, is now presented within Corporate operations and Other. The comparatives have been reclassified
                                         to conform with the current presentation.
                                       4 Includes the contribution to adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, including the Corporation’s investment in LMPG, as well as corporate
                                         operations, which includes operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer
                                         to the section “Corporate operations and Other“ below.
                                       5 Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       6 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       7 Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.




                                             A  12                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION

This section presents:




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in accordance with IFRS”; and
  The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Great West and IGM) and GBL, which are held
    through Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, as well as the
    contribution from the corporate operations and other to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power
    Corporation. A discussion of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows in the
    section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.
Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.


BASIS OF PRESENTATION
IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
The Interim Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with International
Accounting Standard 34 – Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34), and are presented in Canadian dollars.
The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
Great West, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures Funds, which are controlled by Power Financial. Power Financial’s
investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly controlled by Power Financial and the
Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
relevant activities of the fund. Management of the Corporation determines whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent
when the Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund. The Corporation determines that
it is a principal when it has sufficient capital invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the decisions
of the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager and considers the rights held by other investors, including their ability
to remove the fund manager.

Presentation of the Holding Company
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Great West, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s
investments in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition
to the asset management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The
Corporation evaluates its performance based on the operating segments’ contributions to earnings.
The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
investments in Great West, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments,
debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash Flows”
present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 20 of
the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6     A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
                                       Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2026 are presented below.
                                       The Corporation’s reportable segments include Great West, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company. This table reflects




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       the contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from its reportable
                                       segments and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include
                                       controlled and consolidated investment funds and investments, as well as the Corporation’s other investments.
                                       Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                                                                  Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                        investment
                                                                                                                           Holding platforms and          Effect of                             Power Corporation
                                                                                    Great West         IGM        GBL     company           Other 1 consolidation 2                          Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                     March 31,     December 31,      March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                        2026             2025            2025
                                       Insurance service result
                                          Insurance revenue                             5,699            −          −              −                   −                   −             5,699            5,690          5,486
                                          Insurance service expenses                    (4,299)          −          −              −                   −                   −            (4,299)          (4,403)         (4,276)
                                          Net expense from
                                            reinsurance contracts                         (438)          −          −              −                   −                   −              (438)            (423)          (430)
                                       Total insurance service result                      962           −          −              −                   −                   −               962              864            780
                                       Net investment result
                                         Net investment income (loss) 3                    430          10                       23                 250                   (6)              707            2,857          3,875
                                         Net investment result from
                                            insurance activities 4                         192           −          −              −                   −                   −               192           (2,009)         (3,173)
                                       Total net investment result                         622          10          −            23                 250                   (6)              899              848            702
                                       Fee income and other revenues                    2,040       1,005           −              −                470                 (61)             3,454            3,501          3,169
                                       Operating and
                                         administrative expenses                        (1,939)      (685)          −           (63)               (819)                 57             (3,449)          (3,917)         (3,230)
                                       Financing charges                                   (87)        (32)         −           (14)                 (70)                 (1)             (204)            (214)          (218)
                                       Earnings before investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations
                                        and associates, and income taxes                1,598         298           −           (54)               (169)                (11)             1,662            1,082          1,203
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of
                                        investments in jointly controlled
                                        corporations and associates                           7         69         20              −                  41                (37)               100               73            115
                                       Earnings before income taxes                     1,605         367          20           (54)               (128)                (48)             1,762            1,155          1,318
                                       Income tax expense (recovery)                       271          82          −              −                 (10)                  5               348              264            196
                                       Net earnings                                     1,334         285          20           (54)               (118)                (53)             1,414              891          1,122
                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                        532        113           −            36                  (54)               (53)               574              467            420
                                          Non-participating shareholders                     −           −          −            20                    −                   −                 20              16             13
                                          Participating shareholders of
                                            Power Corporation 2                            802        172          20         (110)                  (64)                  −               820              408            689
                                                                                        1,334         285          20           (54)               (118)                (53)             1,414              891          1,122
                                       1 Alternative asset investment platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
                                         as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s investment in LMPG.
                                       2 The results presented for Great West and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the
                                         application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership. The contribution from Great West, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the
                                         contribution to the holding company.
                                       3 Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       4 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.




                                       As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
                                       and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Great West, IGM and GBL
                                       is provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.




                                             A  14                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
participating shareholders from Great West, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, and the corporate
operations and other.
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,    March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2026          2025          2025

Adjusted net earnings 1 2
Great West 3                                                                                                                          851            856          703
IGM 3                                                                                                                                 180            190          149
GBL                                                                                                                                    20            (15)             3
Effect of consolidation - Great West and IGM 4                                                                                        (12)           (45)            (5)
                                                                                                                                    1,039            986          850
Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                          (18)             5            34
Corporate operations and Other 5                                                                                                     (116)          (124)           (97)
                                                                                                                                     905            867           787
                6
Adjustments
Great West 3                                                                                                                          (32)          (135)        (116)
IGM 3                                                                                                                                   −             13             (2)
GBL                                                                                                                                     −           (180)           22
Effect of consolidation - Great West and IGM                                                                                          (13)           (39)            (2)
                                                                                                                                      (45)          (341)           (98)
Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                          (40)          (118)           (12)
Corporate operations and Other                                                                                                          −              −            12
                                                                                                                                      (85)          (459)         (98)

Net earnings 2
Great West 3                                                                                                                          819            721          587
IGM 3                                                                                                                                 180            203          147
GBL 3                                                                                                                                  20           (195)           25
Effect of consolidation - Great West and IGM                                                                                          (25)           (84)            (7)
                                                                                                                                      994            645          752
Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                          (58)          (113)           22
Corporate operations and Other 5                                                                                                     (116)          (124)           (85)
                                                                                                                                     820            408           689
1 Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. For a reconciliation of Great West, IGM, Sagard and Power
  Sustainable, and Corporate operations and Other’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings and the contribution to adjusted net earnings from GBL, refer to
  the sections “Great West”, “IGM Financial”, “GBL”, “Sagard and Power Sustainable”, and “Corporate operations and Other” in the section “Review of Segments and
  Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of each.
2 Attributable to participating shareholders.
3 Contribution to net and adjusted net earnings based on earnings reported by Great West and IGM. Contribution to net earnings based on earnings reported by GBL.
4 See the table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
5 Includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, including the Corporation’s investment in LMPG,
  as well as corporate operations, which includes operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual
  preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate operations and Other“ below. Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
6 See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.



Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,    March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                  2026           2025          2025
Earnings per share – basic 1
Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                               1.43            1.36         1.22
Adjustments                                                                                                                         (0.14)         (0.72)       (0.15)
Net earnings                                                                                                                        1.29            0.64         1.07
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
                                       Effect of consolidation reflects:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         The elimination of intercompany transactions; and
                                         The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership to the reported net
                                            earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
                                               i)   An adjustment related to Great West’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI; and
                                               ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, the Portage Ventures Funds and
                                                    Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Great West and IGM based on their respective interest.
                                       The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Great West and IGM:
                                                                                                                                                        March 31,             December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                   2026                    2025         2025

                                       Great West                                                                                                                (5)                  (33)         (5)
                                       IGM                                                                                                                       (7)                  (12)         −
                                                                                                                                                               (12)                   (45)         (5)




                                                                                              Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025 and Q4 2025

                                       Net earnings
                                       $820 million or $1.29 per share, compared with $689 million or $1.07 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase
                                       of 20.6% on a per share basis, and $408 million or $0.64 per share in the fourth quarter of 2025.


                                       Adjusted net earnings
                                       $905 million or $1.43 per share, compared with $787 million or $1.22 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase of
                                       17.2% on a per share basis, and $867 million or $1.36 per share in the fourth quarter of 2025.


                                       Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from Great West, IGM and GBL
                                       Contribution to net earnings of $994 million, compared with $752 million in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase of 32.2%, and
                                       $645 million in the fourth quarter of 2025.
                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings of $1,039 million, compared with $850 million in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase of
                                       22.2%, and $986 million in the fourth quarter of 2025.



                                       Main Drivers of Earnings
                                       NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings for the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 increased by $131 million or 19.0% and
                                       adjusted net earnings increased by $118 million or 15.0% from the corresponding quarter in 2025:
                                         Great West: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $232 million or 39.5% and by
                                            $148 million or 21.1%, respectively.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $33 million or 22.4% and by $31 million or
                                            20.8%, respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of $20 million, compared with a contribution to net earnings
                                            of $25 million and to adjusted net earnings of $3 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a negative contribution
                                            of $5 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $53 million from Power Sustainable in the first quarter of 2026,
                                            compared with a positive contribution of $37 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $15 million from Power
                                            Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings (asset management and investing activities)
                                            include a negative contribution of $5 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $13 million from Power
                                            Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $37 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $3 million
                                            from Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2025.

                                       A discussion of the results of Great West, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections
                                       “Great West”, “IGM Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating
                                       Results” below.
                                       For additional discussion of the results of Great West and IGM, refer to Parts B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.




                                            A  16                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES

Great West

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
Great West is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings,
wealth and asset management and reinsurance businesses. Great West operates primarily in the U.S., Canada and Europe
under the brands Empower, Canada Life and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Great West has four major reportable
segments: the United States, Canada, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. Great West focuses on four key lines of business
that extend across its reportable operating segments: Retirement (serves the retirement needs of customers, primarily
through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships); Wealth (advice-enabled wealth management solutions for retail
customers including retail savings and wealth products); Group Benefits (health and wellness benefits that are delivered at
scale primarily through employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships including Group Life & Health); and Insurance & Risk
Solutions (including life insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage for individuals, and payout annuities for individuals
and pension plans as well as reinsurance).
The United States segment is operated by Empower, a leading provider of employer-sponsored retirement savings plans in
the public/non-profit and corporate sectors. Empower consists of: Empower Workplace Solutions, which aligns with the
Retirement line of business, offering saving, investing and advisory services through employer-sponsored plans; and
Empower Personal Wealth, which aligns with the Wealth line of business, offering individual product solutions and providing
retail wealth management products and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and after-tax
investment accounts. The United States segment also includes an allocation of a portion of Great West’s Corporate results.
The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
individuals, families, businesses and organizations through four primary lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits
and Insurance & Annuities and includes an allocation of a portion of Great West’s Corporate results. Through the Retirement
line of business, Great West provides retirement savings, income and annuity products and other speciality products to group
clients in Canada. Through the Wealth line of business, Canada Life provides wealth savings and income products and
services to individual customers. Through the Group Benefits line of business, Canada Life provides life, accidental death and
dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental protection and creditor insurance to group clients in Canada.
The Insurance & Annuities line of business offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services,
as well as individual life annuities to individual customers.
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
along with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland and includes an allocation of a portion of Great West’s
Corporate results. The Retirement line of business includes group pensions business in Ireland, and the Group Benefits line
of business consists of group life and health insurance business in the U.K. and Ireland. The Wealth line of business consists
of investment products offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment products offered in Ireland and pension products
offered in Germany. The Insurance & Annuities line of business consists of bulk and individual payout annuities offered in the
U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual protection insurance offered in Ireland and
Germany.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Great West’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions line
of business, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland, and includes an allocation of a portion of
Great West’s Corporate results. Reinsurance products are provided through Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both
reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or through reinsurance brokers.
The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Great West that are not associated with the major business
units, including certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly associated
with the operations of the major business units, the results of PanAgora, dividend income from shareholdings in Franklin
Templeton, and the results of the U.S. legacy insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately
participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life Insurance Company, as well as a closed life retrocession
block and guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit (GLWB) products.
See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Great West.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       2026 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Great West Normal Course Issuer Bid: On January 2, 2026, Great West announced the renewal of its NCIB commencing
                                       January 6, 2026 and terminating January 5, 2027, to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       common shares at market prices. The current NCIB continues to permit Great West to purchase its shares from Power
                                       Financial, a subsidiary of the Corporation, and certain of Power Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries in connection with the
                                       NCIB, in order for Power Financial to maintain its approximate proportionate percentage ownership in Great West. In the
                                       three-month period ended March 31, 2026, Great West repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately 8.8 million
                                       common shares under its NCIB at an average cost per share of $64.10. For additional information, refer to the section
                                       “Consolidated Financial Position – Great West Capital Structure” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       Empower: During the first quarter of 2026, Empower announced a strategic partnership with Blackstone Inc., one of the
                                       world’s largest alternative asset managers, to expand access to private markets within defined contribution plans. The
                                       program enables plan participants to gain exposure to private equity, private credit, private infrastructure, and private real
                                       estate through collective investment trust (CIT) structures, with a focus on enhancing diversification and long-term return
                                       potential.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                        March 31,           December 31,          March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                  2026                   2025                2025
                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                                                                          68.7                     68.7            68.3
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings                                                                                                                         802                      649            580
                                         Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                                846                      823            698

                                       Dividend received                                                                                                                      414                      381            388

                                                                                                                                                                                                   March 31,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                           2026          2025
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in Great West, carrying value                                                                                                                   17,287         17,237
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                            58.6            58.4

                                          Investment in Great West, fair value                                                                                                                      40,169         42,147
                                          % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                            67.1            69.2



                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                        March 31,            December 31,         March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                   2026                   2025               2025

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation's:
                                         Adjusted net earnings
                                            As reported by Great West                                                                                                         851                      856            703
                                            Effect of consolidation ¹                                                                                                           (5)                     (33)            (5)
                                                                                                                                                                              846                      823            698
                                          Adjustments
                                            As reported by Great West                                                                                                          (32)                    (135)          (116)
                                            Effect of consolidation ²                                                                                                          (12)                     (39)            (2)
                                                                                                                                                                               (44)                    (174)          (118)
                                          Net earnings                                                                                                                        802                      649            580
                                       1 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common ownership including an adjustment for Great West’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” for details of Effect of consolidation.




                                               A  18                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Great West




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                  March 31,   December 31,           March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2026           2025                 2025

Adjusted net earnings 1 2                                                                                                            1.37            1.36                1.11
Adjustments 3                                                                                                                        (0.05)         (0.21)              (0.19)
Net earnings 1                                                                                                                       1.32            1.15                0.92
1 Attributable to Great West common shareholders.
2 Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Great West, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A.
3 See the section “Adjustments” below.

Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Great West
                                                                                                                                  March 31,   December 31,           March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2026           2025                 2025

Adjusted net earnings 1 2
   United States                                                                                                                      430            440                  365
   Canada                                                                                                                             352            400                  316
   Europe                                                                                                                             273            256                  239
   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                         300            258                  213
   Corporate                                                                                                                         (116)           (109)               (103)
                                                                                                                                    1,239          1,245               1,030
                3
Adjustments
   Market experience relative to expectations 4                                                                                        16             (61)                (91)
   Assumption changes and management actions 4                                                                                           3            (27)                (32)
   Business transformation and other impacts                                                                                           (32)           (73)                (10)
   Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets                                                                   (34)           (36)                (37)
   Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                                                         −              −                   −
                                                                                                                                       (47)          (197)               (170)
Net earnings 1
   United States                                                                                                                      352            417                  338
   Canada                                                                                                                             356            425                  301
   Europe                                                                                                                             255            128                  167
   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                         353            203                  184
   Corporate                                                                                                                         (124)           (125)               (130)
                                                                                                                                    1,192          1,048                  860
1 Attributable to Great West common shareholders.
2 Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Great West, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by
  segment.
3 See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Great West; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
4 Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.


                                                                         Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025 and Q4 2025

Net earnings
$1,192 million or $1.32 per share, compared with $860 million or $0.92 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase of
43.5% on a per share basis, and $1,048 million or $1.15 per share in the fourth quarter of 2025.

Adjusted net earnings
$1,239 million or $1.37 per share, compared with $1,030 million or $1.11 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase of
23.4% on a per share basis, and $1,245 million or $1.36 per share in the fourth quarter of 2025.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       UNITED STATES
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 increased by US$20 million (C$14 million) to US$257 million
                                       (C$352 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings were US$314 million




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (C$430 million) in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, an increase of US$59 million (C$65 million), compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to:
                                         Higher fee and spread income driven by higher asset levels from market-driven growth and business growth in both the
                                           Retirement and Wealth businesses; and
                                         Lower credit-related impacts in the Retirement business in the current quarter when compared with the prior year;
                                         Partially offset by higher operating expenses incurred to support the growth in both the Retirement and Wealth
                                           businesses.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 excluded Adjustments of negative US$57 million
                                       (C$78 million), compared with negative US$18 million (C$27 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The increase in
                                       negative Adjustments was primarily due to unfavourable results relative to expectation within real estate and other non-fixed
                                       income asset impacts, and higher restructuring expenses related to creating operational efficiencies.

                                       CANADA
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 increased by $55 million to $356 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 were $352 million,
                                       an increase of $36 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to:
                                         An increase from higher client assets primarily driven by market growth in both the Retirement and Wealth businesses;
                                         Continuing growth in expected profit and higher investment results, partially offset by more moderate insurance
                                           experience in the Group Benefits business; and
                                         Improved mortality experience and improved investment results in the Insurance & Annuities business.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 excluded Adjustments of positive $4 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $15 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025, including market experience
                                       relative to expectations of positive $11 million, compared with negative $10 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The
                                       increase in positive Adjustments was primarily due to favourable public equity market impacts and favourable interest rate
                                       movement impacts.

                                       EUROPE
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 increased by $88 million to $255 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 were $273 million,
                                       an increase of $34 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to:
                                         Favourable net fee and spread income from strong net asset flows and market growth in both the Retirement and Wealth
                                           businesses; and
                                         Favourable trading gains and higher contractual service margin (CSM) recognized for services provided in the Insurance
                                           & Annuities business;
                                         Partially offset by lower earnings on surplus due to lower surplus asset balances.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 excluded Adjustments of negative $18 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $72 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The decrease in negative
                                       Adjustments was primarily due to favourable market experience relative to expectations compared with a negative impact in
                                       the prior year, primarily due to changes in risk-free interest rates in the U.K.

                                       CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 increased by $169 million to $353 million, compared with the
                                       corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 were $300 million,
                                       an increase of $87 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily driven by Capital Solutions new
                                       business growth and favourable Risk Solutions experience.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 excluded Adjustments of positive $53 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of negative $29 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to the change in risk-
                                       free rates and the positive impact from a management action relating to the U.S. life business. For additional information,
                                       refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.




                                           A  20                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS
Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by Great West’s
management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Great West’s operating segments.




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
In the first quarter of 2026, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $47 million after tax consist of:
  Market experience relative to expectations of positive $16 million after tax (positive $30 million pre-tax); and
  Assumption changes and management actions of positive $3 million after tax (positive $1 million pre-tax).
 Partially offset by:
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $34 million after tax (negative $45 million pre-tax);
  Business transformation and other impacts of negative $32 million after tax (negative $42 million pre-tax); and
  Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts of nil after tax (positive $5 million pre-tax).
In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $170 million after tax consisted of:
  Market experience relative to expectations of negative $91 million after tax (negative $113 million pre-tax);
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax);
  Assumption changes and management actions of negative $32 million after tax (negative $42 million pre-tax); and
  Business transformation and other impacts of negative $10 million after tax (negative $13 million pre-tax).
In the fourth quarter of 2025, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $197 million after tax consisted of:
  Business transformation and other impacts of negative $73 million after tax (negative $91 million pre-tax);
  Market experience relative to expectations of negative $61 million after tax (negative $84 million pre-tax);
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $36 million after tax (negative $49 million pre-tax); and
  Assumption changes and management actions of negative $27 million after tax (negative $28 million pre-tax).

The information above has been derived from Great West’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A
for additional information on Great West’s interim results. Great West’s interim and most recent annual MD&A are available
under its profile on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       IGM Financial

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
                                       institutional investors globally. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset
                                       manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to the operating
                                       subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments: Wealth Management, Asset
                                       Management, and Corporate and Other.
                                       The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
                                       focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
                                       of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its investment dealer
                                       and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management provides clients with
                                       personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning, insurance and mortgage services and professionally managed
                                       investment solutions. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from its competition by offering comprehensive planning to
                                       its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also includes the investment management activities of these
                                       organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services, as well as IGM’s
                                       strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an associate) and Wealthsimple (classified by IGM as an
                                       investment at FVOCI).
                                       The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
                                       providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
                                       investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
                                       advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
                                       Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
                                       related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and multiple distribution channels.
                                       Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This segment
                                       also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf, which are classified as investments in associates.
                                       The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Great West and the Portage Ventures
                                       Funds (refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination
                                       entries.
                                       See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.

                                       2026 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       IGM Normal Course Issuer Bid: IGM commenced an NCIB on December 23, 2025 to purchase for cancellation up to
                                       11.8 million of its common shares. The program will be used to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options issued under its
                                       stock option plan and for other capital management purposes. In the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, IGM
                                       repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately 2.8 million common shares under its NCIB at a cost of $185.4 million.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                         March 31,             December 31,          March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                   2026                     2025                2025
                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                                                           63.4                       62.9            62.5
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings                                                                                                          172                        191            147
                                         Adjusted net earnings                                                                                                 173                        178            149

                                       Dividend received                                                                                                         83                        83             83

                                                                                                                                                                                      March 31,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                              2026          2025
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                                              4,389          4,337
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                               14.9            14.7


                                         Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                                  9,805          9,144
                                         % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                16.4            15.0




                                               A  22                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,        March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2026          2025              2025




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings
     As reported by IGM ¹                                                                                                            180             190              149
     Effect of consolidation ²                                                                                                         (7)           (12)                −
                                                                                                                                     173             178              149
   Adjustments
     As reported by IGM                                                                                                                 −             13                (2)
     Effect of consolidation ³                                                                                                         (1)             −                 −
                                                                                                                                       (1)            13                (2)
   Net earnings                                                                                                                      172             191              147

1 Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
2 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common ownership including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
3 Refer to the section “Adjustments” for details of Effect of consolidation.




Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,        March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                  2026           2025              2025
Adjusted net earnings 1 2                                                                                                           1.21            1.27             1.00
Adjustments 3 4                                                                                                                     (0.01)          0.09            (0.02)
Net earnings 1 5                                                                                                                    1.20            1.36             0.98
1 Available to IGM common shareholders.
2 Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
3 See the section “Adjustments” below.
4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.
5 Diluted earnings per share.


Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,        March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                  2026           2025              2025
Wealth Management 1                                                                                                                  156            178               124
Asset Management 1                                                                                                                    94              88               87
Corporate and Other 1                                                                                                                 34              35               27
Adjusted net earnings 2 3                                                                                                            284            301               238
Adjustments 3 4                                                                                                                        −              21                (4)
Net earnings 2                                                                                                                       284            322               234
1 Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
2 Available to IGM common shareholders.
3 Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
  Adjustments to segments.
4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.



                                                                        Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025 and Q4 2025

Net earnings
$284 million or $1.20 per share, compared with $234 million or $0.98 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase of
22.4% on a per share basis, and $322 million or $1.36 per share in the fourth quarter of 2025.

Adjusted net earnings
$284 million or $1.21 per share, compared with $238 million or $1.00 per share in the corresponding period in 2025, an increase of
21.0% on a per share basis, and $301 million or $1.27 per share in the fourth quarter of 2025.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                 A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $0.5 million in the three-month period ended
                                       March 31, 2026, compared with Adjustments of a negative earnings impact of $4 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
                                       These Adjustments are not allocated to segments. The following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings and adjusted net




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       earnings:

                                       WEALTH MANAGEMENT
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $32 million to $156 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, compared
                                       with the corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a negative contribution from
                                       strategic investments of $3 million, compared with a negative contribution of $4 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025.
                                       The contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by $31 million to $159 million, primarily
                                       due to:
                                         An increase in income from advisory fees of $43 million to $385 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
                                            under advisement (AUA) excluding non-fee-bearing assets 1 of 13.5%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee
                                            rate. The average advisory fee rate for the three-month period was 96.6 basis points of average AUA excluding non-fee-
                                            bearing assets, compared with 97.4 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2025. Average fee rates will fluctuate
                                            based on product mix and client AUA levels;     1




                                         An increase in income from product and program fees of $34 million to $298 million, primarily due to the increase in
                                            average assets under management (AUM) 1 of 13.0%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month
                                            period was 85.2 basis points of AUM, compared with 85.3 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2025; and
                                         An increase in other financial planning revenues of $15 million to $52 million, primarily due to higher earnings from
                                            mortgage banking operations and higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $36 million to $312 million in the three-month period
                                            which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
                                            compensation increased by $25 million to $209 million, primarily due to increases in AUA. Sales-based compensation is
                                            based upon the level of net new assets contributed to client accounts and payments are capitalized and amortized as
                                            they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based compensation increased by $3 million to
                                            $31 million. Other advisory and business development expenses increased by $9 million to $72 million in the three-
                                            month period, primarily from higher volume from the distribution of insurance products;
                                         An increase in operations and support expenses of $8 million to $126 million, primarily due to seasonality and other
                                            timing-related expenses. Operations and support expenses include costs that support wealth management and other
                                            general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and operations, as well as other
                                            functional business units and corporate expenses;
                                         An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $7 million to $58 million, primarily due to changes in AUM; and
                                         An increase in income taxes of $11 million to $58 million.

                                       ASSET MANAGEMENT
                                       The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s investment funds, Wealth Management segment and
                                       third parties for investment management services.
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $7 million to $94 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2025. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of $37 million
                                       from strategic investments, an increase of $3 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025. The adjusted net
                                       earnings of Mackenzie increased by $4 million to $57 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
                                            $17 million to $218 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $183 million, an increase of $14 million
                                            compared with the corresponding quarter in 2025, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 15.8%, partially
                                            offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 48.3 basis
                                            points for the three months ended March 31, 2026, compared with 51.8 basis points in the corresponding quarter in
                                            2025. The decrease in rate was driven by a change in the composition of AUM, including the impact of having a greater
                                            share in non-retail priced products. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $35 million, an increase of
                                            $3 million from the corresponding quarter in 2025.
                                         Partially offset by an increase in expenses of $12 million to $136 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and
                                            support expenses of $9 million and an increase in sub-advisory expenses of $2 million, compared with the corresponding
                                            quarter in 2025. Operations and support expenses include costs associated with business operations, including technology
                                            and business processes, in-house investment management and product shelf management, corporate management and
                                            support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation, technology and other service provider expenses. The
                                            increase in operations and support expenses in the first quarter of 2026 was primarily due to seasonality and other timing-
                                            related expenses.


                                       1 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


                                            A  24                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT

AUA are the key driver of the Wealth Management segment.




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
AUM are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues and expenses within the
Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities.
Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                                                March 31,       December 31,           March 31,    December 31,
(in billions of dollars)                                                                                            2026              2025                 2025           2024
Wealth Management
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                          140.5            138.7               124.6             123.2
  IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                                                     22.1              20.2               16.9              17.2
Assets under advisement                                                                                             162.6            158.9               141.5             140.4
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                                                   151.3            151.2               133.5             129.9
  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                                          94.6              92.8               85.1              83.4
Assets under management                                                                                             245.9            244.0               218.6             213.3
Consolidated 1
  AUM                                                                                                               291.9            289.9               258.1             253.1
  AUM&A 2                                                                                                           314.0            310.1               275.0             270.4
  AUM&A excluding non-fee-bearing assets 3                                                                          311.4            310.1               275.0             270.4
1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
  instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment are
  eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core businesses.
2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
3   Non-fee-bearing assets are included in the AUA of Wealth Management.


Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                       2026                                                 2025
(in billions of dollars)                                                                                                 Q1             Q4        Q3               Q2           Q1
Wealth Management
  IG Wealth Management AUA                                                                                          163.8            157.8     150.5         141.2         142.5
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                                          141.8            139.5     133.0         124.5         125.5
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                                                   153.1            149.7     141.2         132.7         132.2
  Total AUM                                                                                                         248.2            243.2     230.7         217.9         217.5
Consolidated 1
  AUM                                                                                                               294.9            289.2     274.2         257.2         257.7
  AUM&A 2                                                                                                           316.9            307.5     291.7         273.8         274.7
  AUM&A excluding non-fee-bearing assets 3                                                                          314.8            307.5     291.7         273.8         274.7
1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
  products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core
  businesses.
2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
3   Non-fee-bearing assets are included in the AUA of Wealth Management.



ADJUSTMENTS
Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.
In the first quarter of 2026, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $0.5 million related to IGM’s proportionate
share of Great West’s adjustments.
In the first quarter of 2025, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $4 million related to IGM’s proportionate
share of Great West’s adjustments.
In the fourth quarter of 2025, adjusted net earnings excluded a positive impact of $21 million after tax ($39 million pre-tax),
related to a gain on partial sales of investment in associates of $26 million after tax ($44 million pre-tax), net of one-time costs,
and IGM’s proportionate share of Great West’s adjustments of negative $5 million.

The information above has been derived from IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for
additional information on IGM’s interim results. IGM’s interim and most recent annual MD&A is available under its profile on
SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).



                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GBL

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
                                       value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by
                                       providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value per share, a sustainable
                                       dividend and share buybacks. GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their sectors, in which GBL can
                                       contribute to value creation by being an active professional investor.
                                       At March 31, 2026, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):
                                       LISTED ASSETS
                                         SGS (SIX: SGSN) (14.3%) – testing, inspection and certification               adidas (XETR: ADS) (3.5%) – design, development and
                                           solutions                                                                        distribution of sporting goods
                                         Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.8%) – premium spirits                              Concentrix (NASDAQ: CNXC) (14.4%) – global provider of
                                         Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.7%) – industrial mineral-based specialty                     customer experience (CX) solutions and technologies
                                           solutions                                                                    Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
                                                                                                                            solutions

                                       DIRECT PRIVATE ASSETS
                                         Affidea (99.1%) – provider of advanced diagnostics and                        Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
                                           outpatient services                                                          Canyon (52.4%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
                                         Sanoptis (84.3%) – provider of ophthalmology services                             premium bicycles
                                         Voodoo (14.8%) – developer and publisher of mobile games

                                       GBL Capital is an indirect private asset activity that invests in funds and co-investments. In the fourth quarter of 2025, GBL
                                       announced the monetization of a significant portion of assets from the GBL Capital portfolio, its non-core asset class, and that
                                       GBL Capital would no longer be making new commitments. As well, in the fourth quarter of 2025 and the first quarter of 2026,
                                       GBL entered into agreements to sell a significant portion of the activities within Sienna Investment Managers. This evolution
                                       is in line with GBL’s objective of portfolio simplification.
                                       GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at March 31, 2026 of €13,301 million or €99.86 per
                                       share, compared with €14,035 million or €105.37 per share at December 31, 2025.

                                       2026 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       Mid-term strategy execution: In the first quarter of 2026, GBL continued to execute its mid-term strategy through portfolio
                                       simplification, ongoing focus on direct private investments and providing attractive shareholder returns:
                                         Exit of Umicore: On February 25, 2026, GBL announced the exit of its remaining position in Umicore. GBL disposed of its
                                           remaining 8.0% interest or 19.6 million shares for total proceeds of €0.3 billion. The investment in Umicore was classified
                                           as FVOCI in accordance with IFRS 9 and therefore the disposal has no impact on GBL’s net consolidated earnings.
                                         Partial disposal of Concentrix: On April 29, 2026, subsequent to quarter-end, GBL reduced its interest in Concentrix from
                                           14.4% at March 31, 2026 to 4.5%. This disposal generated net proceeds of €0.1 billion.
                                         Investment in Rayner: On February 9, 2026, GBL announced an agreement to acquire a 45% co-controlling equity interest
                                           in Rayner, a leading ophthalmic MedTech platform. GBL will invest €0.5 billion in equity, with completion expected in the
                                           second quarter of 2026.
                                         Acquisition of BUKO Group: On April 23, 2026, subsequent to quarter-end, GBL announced the acquisition of a majority
                                           interest in BUKO Group, a leading European provider of temporary traffic management services, through an equity
                                           investment of €0.5 billion. The closing of this transaction is subject to customary approvals.
                                         Dividend increase: On May 7, 2026, subsequent to quarter-end, the previously announced dividend of €5.125 per share for
                                           fiscal year 2025, an increase of 2.5%, was approved at GBL’s General Shareholders’ Meeting, payable as from May 18, 2026.
                                         Share repurchases: During the first quarter of 2026, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries, 0.4 million
                                           shares of its own capital for a total consideration of €31 million. On May 7, 2026, subsequent to quarter-end, GBL
                                           approved the cancellation of 3.4 million of its treasury shares.




                                             A  26                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


R ES U LTS
Contribution to Power Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                               March 31,    December 31,       March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                2026            2025             2025
Average direct ownership (%) 1                                                                                                    17.1             17.1            16.5
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                               20             (195)              25
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                                      20              (15)               3

                                                                                                                                               March 31,    December 31,
As at                                                                                                                                              2026           2025
Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                              3,079           3,291
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                10.4            11.1


   Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                                 2,752           2,691
   % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                 4.6               4.4
1 Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
  shares was 18.9% for the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 (18.4% in the first quarter of 2025).


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                March 31,   December 31,       March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                  2026          2025             2025

Contribution to Power Corporation's
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                                        20             (15)              3
  Adjustments
     Imerys impairment and other charges                                                                                               −           (155)               −
     Loss on partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio and
       Sienna Investment Managers                                                                                                      −             (25)              −
     Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                                                               −              −               22
                                                                                                                                       −           (180)              22
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                20           (195)              25




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                  A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                            March 31,            December 31,   March 31,
                                       (in millions of euros)                                                                                                           2026                    2025         2025

                                       Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated
                                        operating companies of:
                                          Imerys                                                                                                                              −                  (285)        13
                                          Affidea                                                                                                                          (13)                   (23)        84
                                          Sanoptis                                                                                                                            −                   33         (21)
                                          Canyon                                                                                                                             (2)                   (6)         (2)
                                          Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                                                                       (14)                   (13)       (39)
                                          GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                                                                          3                   (14)         (4)
                                                                                                                                                                           (26)                  (308)        31
                                       Net dividends from investments:
                                         SGS                                                                                                                              103                       −         98
                                         Concentrix                                                                                                                           5                     −           5
                                         Pernod Ricard                                                                                                                        −                   40           −
                                         Other                                                                                                                                −                     1          −
                                                                                                                                                                          108                     41         103
                                       Other financial income (expenses)                                                                                                    10                    (29)          9
                                       Other operating income (expenses)                                                                                                   (35)                   (47)       (35)
                                       Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of
                                        non-current assets                                                                                                                    5                   (71)         (1)
                                       Interest income (expenses)                                                                                                             3                    (1)       (13)
                                       Taxes                                                                                                                                  −                    (1)         −
                                       Net earnings (loss) 1 2                                                                                                              65                   (416)        94
                                       1 Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
                                       2 Attributable to GBL shareholders.


                                                                                                          Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025 and Q4 2025

                                       Net earnings (loss)
                                       Net earnings of €65 million, compared with net earnings of €94 million in the corresponding period in 2025, and a net loss of €416 million
                                       in the fourth quarter of 2025.


                                       For the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, net earnings were €65 million, compared with net earnings of €94 million
                                       in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The decrease in net earnings of €29 million was mainly due to:
                                          A decrease in the contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies of
                                             €57 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €26 million, compared with a positive contribution of €31 million in the
                                             corresponding quarter in 2025, mainly due to:
                                                A decrease in the contribution from Affidea of €97 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €13 million. The
                                                   contribution from Affidea in the first quarter of 2025 notably included a positive impact of €82 million which resulted
                                                   from the renegotiation of its debt conditions, and will be offset with the amortization of the debt over its remaining
                                                   term; and
                                                A decrease in the contribution from Imerys of €13 million to a contribution to GBL of nil in the first quarter of 2026.
                                               Partially offset by:
                                                A decrease in the negative contribution from Parques of €25 million and Sanoptis of €21 million to a negative
                                                   contribution to GBL’s earnings of €14 million and nil, respectively, in the first quarter of 2026; and
                                                An increase in the contribution from GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €7 million to a positive
                                                   contribution to GBL of €3 million.
                                         Partially offset by:
                                          An increase in the contribution from interest income (expenses) of €16 million to a positive contribution to GBL of
                                             €3 million, compared with a negative contribution of €13 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025, mainly due to
                                             higher returns on money market investments and interest income on cash and cash equivalents;
                                          An increase in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
                                             €6 million to a positive contribution to GBL of €5 million. In the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, GBL recognized
                                             a gain of €8 million on the deconsolidation of Sienna Real Estate;



                                             A  28                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


  An increase in dividends of €5 million to €108 million, due to an increase in the dividend received from SGS;
  An increase in the contribution from other financial income (expenses) of €1 million to a positive contribution to GBL of
     €10 million, compared with a positive contribution of €9 million in the corresponding quarter in 2025. Other financial




                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
     income includes a net increase in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments
     in private equity classified as FVPL of €18 million, compared with a net increase in fair value of €5 million in the
     corresponding quarter in 2025; and
  Other operating expenses in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 were €35 million, comparable with the
     corresponding quarter in 2025, and includes an expense of €11 million related to a carried interest program and a charge
     related to the revaluation of long-term incentive plans of €5 million (€6 million and €3 million, respectively, in the
     corresponding quarter of 2025).

Average Exchange Rates
The average exchange rates for the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 were as follows:
                                                                                                                 March 31,   March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                   2026        2025    Change %


EUR/CAD                                                                                                           1.6050      1.5110         6.2


Adjustments
Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by GBL and identifies
Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from GBL’s contribution to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination
of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
There were no Adjustments in the first quarter of 2026.
In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $22 million related to the Corporation’s
proportionate share of the earnings impact of Affidea, resulting from the renegotiation of its debt conditions.
In the fourth quarter of 2025, Adjustments with a net negative impact of $180 million consisted of the Corporation’s
proportionate share of:
  The non-operating charges recognized by Imerys of $90 million, primarily related to a non-cash goodwill impairment
     charge of its Solutions for Refractory, Abrasives and Construction business due to difficult market conditions, as well as
     charges related to a cost and performance improvement program, and project-related write-offs of Imerys British Lithium;
  Impairment charges of $65 million recognized at the Parjointco level on Imerys-related goodwill; and
  A charge of $25 million on additional divestments in the GBL Capital portfolio entered into in the fourth quarter, and
     price and currency adjustments on the previously announced divestitures, as well as a share of impairment charges
     recognized on Sienna Investment Managers to reflect the transaction value of the announced sale of certain activities
     within the investment management business.
GBL’s financial results and other disclosures have been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued
by GBL in its first quarter of 2026 press release and its 2025 Annual Report. Further information on GBL’s results is available
on its website (www.gbl.com).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                  A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, continues to develop
                                       asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several
                                       high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management
                                       businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
                                         Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit
                                            and real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial
                                            partners, advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth
                                            management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in
                                            Canada, the U.S., Europe and the Middle East.
                                         Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
                                            finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
                                            institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across
                                            multiple industries. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure,
                                            Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb PE.

                                       2026 DEVELOPMENTS
                                       S AG AR D

                                       SUBSEQUENT EVENT

                                       STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS BY SHMI
                                         SHMI acquisition of Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA (Unigestion) private equity business: On April 2, 2026,
                                            subsequent to quarter-end, Sagard and Unigestion completed the closing of the partnership of their middle-market
                                            private equity businesses, combining their private equity primaries, secondaries and co-investment activities. Unigestion
                                            will be integrated into Sagard Private Equity Solutions (SPES), which also includes BEX and PEM (and excludes Sagard’s
                                            direct private equity strategies). SPES manages over US$23 billion 1 in private equity assets and offers an enhanced
                                            geographical reach and product scope, delivering bespoke and scalable private equity solutions across primaries,
                                            secondaries and co-investments to institutional and high-net-worth investors. The Corporation, through Sagard, acquired
                                            100% of the equity of Unigestion and will consolidate the private equity activities of Unigestion as of the transaction date.                    1




                                            During the first quarter, Sagard completed an equity financing round, raising additional capital of US$110 million to
                                            partially fund the acquisition of Unigestion. The Corporation, Great West and management of SHMI participated in the
                                            round, investing an additional US$85.5 million representing a 10.1% fully diluted equity interest, of which the Corporation
                                            invested US$56.2 million. The Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of SHMI subsequent to this equity
                                            financing round. The Corporation also provided debt financing of US$50 million to SHMI, at market terms.




                                       1 Pro forma AUM including Unigestion, as at December 31, 2025.


                                            A  30                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
management and investing activities:




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                     SAGARD                                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE


                Sagard and Power Sustainable are                             Fee-related earnings                                                 Fee-related earnings
    ASSET       focused on growing their asset
                                                                                          +                                                                  +
                management businesses through
 MANAGEMENT
                raising third-party capital as well as                      Carried interest                                                      Carried interest
                the expansion of strategies and                                    +                                                                     +
  ACTIVITIES
                asset classes.                                      Other management activities and                                         Other management activities
                                                                          strategic interests 1                                               (Potentia and Nautilus) 1


                                                            Investment                        Accounting                           Investment                      Accounting
                Power Corporation invests
                proprietary capital in the strategies        Venture Capital                 FVPL                                  Energy Infrastructure         Consolidated 2
  INVESTING     of its investment platforms to                    Wealthsimple               Consolidated                          Infrastructure Credit         FVPL
                support their growth and                     Private Equity                  FVPL                                  Decarbonization PE            Consolidated
   ACTIVITIES
                development as asset managers
                and seeks to earn attractive returns         Private Credit                  FVPL
                commensurate with the risk profile.          Real Estate                     FVPL


1 Sagard includes the share of earnings of the private wealth investment platform and other strategic interests. Power Sustainable includes the other management activities
  (Potentia and Nautilus) performed on behalf of PSEIP, including operations and maintenance (O&M), value-added and customer acquisition services.
2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are required to be consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings
  from the underlying activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and general
  and administrative (G&A) expenses), as well as the impact related to the revaluation of the equity interests held by third parties in PSEIP.



CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:
                                                                                                                                      March 31,       December 31,              March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                        2026              2025                    2025

Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)
     Asset management activities
        Sagard                                                                                                                              (5)                     9                 (4)
        Power Sustainable                                                                                                                  (10)                    (6)                (6)
     Investing activities (proprietary capital)
        Sagard                                                                                                                               −                    17                 41
        Power Sustainable                                                                                                                   (3)                   (15)                 3
                                                                                                                                           (18)                     5                34
   Adjustments
        Power Sustainable                                                                                                                  (40)                  (118)               (12)
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                     (58)                  (113)               22




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
                                       platforms.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       ASS ET MANAG EMENT ACTIVITIES
                                       Overview of the businesses

                                       SAGARD
                                       At March 31, 2026, Sagard had $49.1 billion (US$35.2 billion) of assets under management ($47.4 billion (US$34.6 billion) at
                                       December 31, 2025), including unfunded commitments, across four asset classes: venture capital, private equity, private
                                       credit and real estate, including $1.6 billion through its private wealth investment platform ($1.5 billion at December 31,
                                       2025). At March 31, 2026, assets under management managed through SPES, which includes PEM’s fund of funds, direct
                                       investment funds and separately managed accounts and BEX’s secondaries strategies, represented $16.7 billion
                                       (US$12.0 billion).
                                       Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition by strategy
                                       of the assets under management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                                      March 31,   December 31,
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                                                                           2026          2025

                                       Venture Capital 1 2                                                                                                                                               14.9            14.6
                                       Private Equity 2 3                                                                                                                                                16.4            16.2
                                       Private Credit                                                                                                                                                      8.1            7.9
                                       Real Estate                                                                                                                                                         8.3            7.4
                                               4
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                               1.4            1.3
                                       Assets under management                                                                                                                                           49.1            47.4
                                          Power Corporation                                                                                                                                                2.7            2.6

                                          Third parties and associated companies           5
                                                                                                                                                                                                          46.4           44.8

                                       Fee-bearing capital 6 7                                                                                                                                           30.3            29.5
                                          Power Corporation                                                                                                                                                1.2            1.2

                                          Third parties and associated companies 5                                                                                                                        29.1           28.3
                                       1 Includes elimination of inter-fund interests within the venture capital asset class.
                                       2 At March 31, 2026, assets under management managed through PEM’s strategies represented $5.6 billion (US$4.0 billion) within the venture capital asset class and
                                         $7.8 billion (US$5.6 billion) within the private equity asset class ($5.5 billion (US$4.0 billion) within the venture capital asset class and $7.7 billion (US$5.6 billion) within the
                                         private equity asset class at December 31, 2025).
                                       3 At March 31, 2026, assets under management managed through BEX funds represented $3.3 billion (US$2.4 billion) within the private equity asset class (same as at
                                         December 31, 2025).
                                       4 Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform, as well as inter-fund eliminations between the private wealth investment platform and other asset
                                         classes.
                                       5 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Great West, IGM and GBL.
                                       6 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
                                       7 Excludes the fee-bearing capital of Sagard’s private wealth investment platform of $1.5 billion at March 31, 2026 ($1.4 billion at December 31, 2025).


                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 0.96% for the three-month
                                       period ended March 31, 2026, compared with 0.87% in the corresponding quarter in 2025. The increase is primarily due to
                                       the change in the composition of assets under management and related fee rates.




                                             A  32                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table provides information on the funds managed by Sagard as well as the Corporation’s interests in each of the funds:
March 31, 2026                                                                                                                 Interest held                    Manager compensation




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(in millions; except                                                             Capital                Power Associated             Third                                       Carried
  as otherwise noted)                            Currency           Vintage commitments            Corporation companies 1          parties        Fees 2                       interest 3
                                                                                           ($)               (%)             (%)        (%)          (%)                              (%)
Venture Capital
Portage Ventures I 4                                 C$               2016               485               39.2            60.8          −         2.00 Invested capital           10.0
Portage Ventures II 5                                C$               2018               427               12.4            16.8       70.8         2.00 Invested capital           20.0
Portage Ventures III 5                              US$               2021               655                2.4            15.3       82.3         2.25 Invested capital           20.0
Portage Ventures IV 6                               US$               2024               558                4.5            14.6       80.9         2.50 Committed capital          20.0
Portage Capital Solutions                           US$               2023               513               29.2            29.1       41.7         2.00 Committed capital          20.0
Diagram Funds 7                                      C$        2016-2023                 400               17.7            17.5       64.8     1.00-2.50 Committed capital nil-20.0
SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
   PEM Venture Capital (PVC)
      PVC I-II                                      US$        2005-2008               1,334                   −            0.3       99.7      nil-0.38 Committed capital           5.0
      PVC III                                       US$               2014               149                   −            2.6       97.4         0.50 Committed capital            5.0
      PVC IV-V                                      US$        2018-2021                 473                   −            2.5       97.5     0.30-0.95 Committed capital           5.0
      PVC VI and SOF 6 8                            US$               2024               317                9.5             1.0       89.5     0.30-0.95 Committed capital           5.0
Private Equity
Sagard Private Equity Canada                         C$               2021               407                3.7            13.7       82.6         2.00 Committed capital          20.0
Sagard MidCap II 5                                    €               2007               728               22.4            11.7       65.9         1.75 Invested capital           20.0
Sagard MidCap 3 5                                     €               2013               729                0.2             0.5       99.3         2.00 Invested capital           20.0
Sagard MidCap 4                                       €               2020               815               18.6             8.8       72.6         1.75 Committed capital          20.0
Sagard NewGen 5                                       €               2020               313                6.0             7.8       86.2         2.00 Invested capital           20.0
Sagard NewGen 2 6                                     €               2025               244               10.0            21.5       68.5         2.00 Committed capital          20.0
Sagard Private Equity Strategies 9                  US$               2025                 76              51.3             2.1       46.6     1.00-1.30 Net asset value           12.5
SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
   BEX Private Equity
      BEX II                                          €               2018                  60                 −            0.8       99.2     0.45-0.75 Committed capital         15.0
      BEX III                                       US$               2019                365                  −            0.8       99.2     0.60-1.05 Committed capital         15.0
      BEX IV                                        US$               2022                765                  −            1.0       99.0     0.75-1.35 Committed capital         15.0
      BEX V                                         US$               2025                786                  −            1.0       99.0     0.75-1.50 Committed capital         15.0
   PEM Direct Investment (PDI)
      PDI III-IV                                    US$        2014-2019                 474                   −            2.4       97.6         1.00 Invested capital           10.0
      PDI V                                         US$               2024               386                7.8             2.0       90.2         1.00 Committed capital          10.0
Private Credit
Sagard Credit Partners I                            US$               2018               557               18.0             1.0       81.0         1.50 Invested capital           15.0
Sagard Credit Partners II                           US$               2022             1,167                4.3             5.2       90.5         1.50 Invested capital           20.0
Sagard Credit Partners III 6                        US$               2025               624                   −               −    100.0          1.50 Invested capital           15.0
Sagard Senior Lending Partners                      US$               2023               501                   −           20.8       79.2         1.25 Invested capital           15.0
Sagard Private Credit 9                              C$               2024               165               29.0                −      71.0     1.00-1.30 Net asset value           15.0
Sagard Healthcare Partners 10                       US$               2019             1,278                9.3             0.4       90.3     1.50-1.75 Committed capital         20.0
Real Estate
USPF 9                                              US$               2002               882                1.9            25.3       72.8     0.75-0.98 Net asset value               −
1 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Great West ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$59 million in Portage Ventures III,
   US$60 million in Portage Ventures IV, US$143 million in Portage Capital Solutions, $50 million in SPEC, €50 million in Sagard MidCap 4, €10 million in Sagard NewGen 2, US$50 million
   in Sagard Credit Partners II, US$101 million in SSLP, and US$224 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$26 million in Portage Ventures III and US$17 million in
   Portage Ventures IV), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard MidCap II), and GBL (€40 million in Sagard NewGen 2). Great West and IGM have invested $25 million and $269 million,
   respectively, in Portage Ventures I.
2 Represents the base management fees. The management fees presented for the PVC and BEX funds represent the range of base fees over the remaining life of each fund.
3 Represents the base carried interest for each fund. Sagard will receive an allocation of carried interest for the PEM and BEX funds with vintage years subsequent to their acquisition in
   2024 and 2025, respectively. Carried interest for Sagard Private Equity Strategies and Sagard Private Credit is realized on a quarterly basis when investment returns exceed a
   predetermined hurdle rate, and is not subject to clawback.
4 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
5 During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based on invested capital, which
   may include a reserve for follow-on investments.
6 Fundraising activities continue for Portage Ventures IV, PVC VI, PVC SOF, Sagard NewGen 2 and Sagard Credit Partners III.
7 The Diagram Funds include Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II, Diagram Ventures III, Diagram Opportunity and Diagram ClimateTech. Total capital commitments includes amounts
   committed by Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II. Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Portage Ventures I ($10 million in
   Diagram Ventures I) and Portage Ventures II ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I and $35 million in Diagram Ventures II). Diagram Ventures I and II do not have carried interest.
8 The PVC VI and PVC SOF funds are presented on a combined basis. Total capital commitments of PVC SOF include commitments from PVC VI, which represent approximately 43% of PVC
   SOF’s aggregate capital commitments of US$101 million as of March 31, 2026.
9 Sagard Private Equity Strategies, Sagard Private Credit and USPF are open-ended funds and generally invest all committed capital; as such the capital commitments of the funds are
   representative of the net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”). USPF is managed by Sagard Real Estate through a management service agreement.
10 Represents Series I and II; the interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of March 31, 2026. The investment period is completed for the first series which represents a total
   commitment of $726 million; base compensation for Series I is 1.50% on invested capital.



                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following table summarizes the activities of the funds managed by Sagard:
                                       March 31, 2026                                                                                                                         Commitments




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (in millions; except                                                                                                                                         Distributions to
                                         as otherwise noted)                                                          Currency         Total funded           Unfunded             Unfunded                   date 1    NAV 2
                                                                                                                                                   ($)                ($)                 (%)                   ($)       ($)
                                       Venture Capital
                                       Portage Ventures I 3                                                              C$                      485                   −                    −                 641      3,922
                                       Portage Ventures II                                                               C$                      414                  13                  3.0                   67      988
                                       Portage Ventures III                                                              US$                     522                133                 20.4                     −      808
                                       Portage Ventures IV                                                               US$                     192                366                 65.6                     −      182
                                       Portage Capital Solutions                                                         US$                     292                221                 43.0                    14      338
                                       Diagram Funds                                                                     C$                      248                152                 38.1                  125       316
                                       SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
                                          PVC Funds
                                             PVC I-II                                                                    US$                  1,315                   19                  1.5               3,101        24
                                             PVC III                                                                     US$                     145                   4                  2.5                 325       291
                                             PVC IV-V                                                                    US$                     365                108                 22.9                    30      481
                                             PVC VI and SOF                                                              US$                     119                198                 62.5                     3      148
                                       Private Equity
                                       Sagard Private Equity Canada 4                                                    C$                      220                203                 49.8                    16      228
                                       Sagard MidCap II                                                                    €                     722                   6                  0.9               1,163        18
                                       Sagard MidCap 3                                                                     €                     683                  46                  6.4               1,761       239
                                       Sagard MidCap 4 4                                                                   €                     742                148                 18.1                  546       716
                                       Sagard NewGen 4                                                                     €                     308                  29                  9.3                   74      408
                                       Sagard NewGen 2                                                                     €                       10               234                 95.9                     −         2
                                       SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
                                          BEX Funds
                                             BEX II                                                                        €                       54                  6                10.0                  137        37
                                             BEX III                                                                     US$                     237                128                 35.0                  109       285
                                             BEX IV                                                                      US$                     459                306                 40.0                     −      656
                                             BEX V                                                                       US$                     318                468                 59.5                     −      444
                                          PDI Funds
                                             PDI III-IV                                                                  US$                     470                   4                  0.8                 696       429
                                             PDI V 4                                                                     US$                     206                189                 48.8                     9      260
                                       Private Credit
                                       Sagard Credit Partners I                                                          US$                     548                   9                  1.5                 684        26
                                       Sagard Credit Partners II 4                                                       US$                     752                547                 46.8                  239       733
                                       Sagard Credit Partners III                                                        US$                        −               624               100.0                      −        −
                                       Sagard Senior Lending Partners                                                    US$                     217                284                 56.7                    13      235
                                       Sagard Healthcare Partners 4                                                      US$                  1,023                 307                 24.0                  588       692
                                       1 Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases in fund size.
                                       2 Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and consolidated investments
                                         held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to controlled and
                                         consolidated investments.
                                       3 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple, which represents a fair
                                         value of $3.8 billion at March 31, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025). Excludes investments in Wealthsimple held directly by Power Financial and IGM of $0.3 billion at
                                         March 31, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025).
                                       4 Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by the fund.
                                         The unfunded commitments of Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard MidCap 4, Sagard NewGen, PEM-PDI V, Sagard Credit Partners II and Sagard Healthcare Partners include
                                         amounts distributed of $16 million, €75 million, €24 million, US$9 million, US$132 million and US$52 million, respectively, which are recallable by the fund.




                                             A  34                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Venture Capital (fintech investments)
  Sagard’s venture capital asset class is managed under the Portage, Diagram and Sagard Private Equity Solutions platforms.




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PORTAGE
  Portage is a global fintech and financial services investment platform. Its mission is to empower entrepreneurs reshaping
    financial services by partnering with ambitious companies across all stages through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital
    Solutions.
       Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators
         in insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
         Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 120 fintech companies and investment funds.
       Portage Capital Solutions is a capital partner that delivers flexible equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage
         fintech and financial services businesses.

DIAGRAM
  Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies and a venture investor that invests in
    early stage companies, primarily in the financial services (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and
    invested in more than 40 companies across five funds.

SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
  PEM, operating under the brand Sagard Private Equity Solutions, has a venture capital fund of funds program with an
    emphasis on access-constrained U.S. early and late-stage technology-centric asset managers. This investment strategy,
    through funds and separately managed accounts, provides investors with access to selected managers, many of which
    are closed to new investors.

Private Equity
  Sagard’s private equity asset class is managed under the Sagard and Sagard Private Equity Solutions platforms.

SAGARD
  Sagard, under its private equity asset class, manages four strategies: Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard MidCap
    (Europe), Sagard NewGen (Europe), and Sagard Private Equity Strategies.
       Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
         business and financial services, as well as manufacturing.
       Sagard MidCap is a European private equity investment strategy that invests in middle-market business services,
         healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
       Sagard NewGen is a European private equity investment strategy that supports entrepreneurs in the technology and
         healthcare industries.
       Sagard Private Equity Strategies offers Canadian accredited investors access to institutional-calibre private equity.
         The fund invests in a broadly diversified portfolio of secondaries, co-investments, and primaries, with a focus on the
         small and middle-market.

SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
  BEX Capital’s investment strategy focuses on the acquisition of positions in global private equity fund of funds, secondary
    funds and co-investment funds.
  PEM, operating under the brand Sagard Private Equity Solutions, manages an investment strategy which focuses on a
    diversified portfolio of primarily U.S. small and middle-market buyouts sourced from selected asset managers, including
    co-investment opportunities. PEM offers this investment strategy through funds and separately managed accounts.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Private Credit
                                         Sagard, under the private credit asset class, manages four strategies, Sagard Credit, Sagard Senior Lending, Sagard
                                           Private Credit and Sagard Healthcare, and includes a strategic investment in HalseyPoint.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                              Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
                                                North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
                                                unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
                                              Sagard Senior Lending is a senior direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market companies in North America. It
                                                provides first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and private middle-market companies to help fund growth and other
                                                strategic initiatives.
                                              Sagard Private Credit is an evergreen fund, designed to offer Canadian accredited investors the opportunity to
                                                participate in private credit. The fund seeks to generate attractive and stable returns driven largely by interest income
                                                earned on a broadly diversified portfolio of private loans.
                                              Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by
                                                approved and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare
                                                aims to accelerate the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive
                                                healthcare exposure largely uncorrelated to other asset classes.
                                              HalseyPoint, a manager jointly controlled by Sagard, manages collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) focused on the
                                                U.S. leveraged loan and high-yield bond markets. HalseyPoint managed AUM of $6.3 billion (US$4.5 billion) at
                                                March 31, 2026 and has raised to date ten CLOs.
                                                Sagard CLO Equity, a fund that invests in the equity tranches of CLOs managed by Sagard | HalseyPoint, has
                                                commitments of up to US$92.5 million, of which US$47 million has been funded as of March 31, 2026.

                                       Real Estate
                                         Sagard Real Estate (formerly EverWest) is a real estate investment advisor and operator providing investment management
                                           services across the U.S. that include acquisitions, asset management, development and property management for its
                                           investors. Sagard Real Estate is headquartered in Denver, Colorado with regional offices throughout the U.S.
                                           Sagard Real Estate offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds.

                                       Private Wealth Investment Platform
                                         Sagard Wealth (formerly Grayhawk) is a dedicated chief investment office providing institutional-calibre capabilities and
                                           exclusive access to global investment opportunities, from traditional to alternative strategies, to Canadian families.
                                           Sagard Wealth had $1.6 billion in assets under management at March 31, 2026 ($1.5 billion at December 31, 2025).
                                           The Corporation, through Sagard, indirectly holds a 78.5% interest in Sagard Wealth at March 31, 2026 (77.3% at
                                           December 31, 2025).




                                           A  36                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER SUSTAINABLE
At March 31, 2026, Power Sustainable had $4.5 billion of assets under management ($4.4 billion at December 31, 2025),
including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflect the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project debt,




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
and includes unfunded commitments.
Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                   March 31,           December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                               2026                  2025

Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                               2,756                    2,647
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                               1,137                    1,118
Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                                  268                     271
Power Sustainable Decarb PE                                                                                                                             358                     352
Assets under management                                                                                                                               4,519                    4,388
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                  1,219                    1,160

   Third parties and associated companies 1                                                                                                           3,300                    3,228
                           2
Fee-bearing capital                                                                                                                                   3,843                    3,607
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                                  1,054                     981

   Third parties and associated companies             1
                                                                                                                                                      2,789                    2,626
1 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Great West.
2 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1% for the three-month period ended March 31, 2026,
comparable with the corresponding period in 2025.
The following table provides information on the strategies managed by Power Sustainable as well as the Corporation’s
interests in each of the strategies:
March 31, 2026                                                                                                 Commitments 1                                 Interest held 2
                                                                                                Capital                   Total         Power     Associated         Third
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)            Currency         Vintage     commitments                 funded     Corporation   companies 3        parties       NAV
                                                                                                         ($)                 ($)           (%)           (%)            (%)        ($)

Power Sustainable Energy
 Infrastructure Partnership 4 5                                       C$          2021              1,800               1,759           28.1          12.9           59.0      2,522
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit 6                           US$           2023                811                  383          18.3          75.5             6.2        388
Power Sustainable Lios                                                C$          2022                285                  154             −          20.7           79.3         137
Power Sustainable Decarb PE 7                                       US$           2026                266                   46          39.5          28.8           31.7         36
1 Includes amounts of separately managed agreements committed within each strategy.
2 Based on committed capital or NAV as of March 31, 2026.
3 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Great West of $220 million in PSEIP, US$600 million in Power Sustainable
  Infrastructure Credit, $56 million in Power Sustainable Lios and US$75 million in Power Sustainable Decarb PE.
4 NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
  investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to
  controlled and consolidated investments.
5 Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of $193 million. At March 31, 2026, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $84 million since
  inception.
6 The Corporation has a separately managed account which invests alongside the fund on target investments to a total of US$160 million. At March 31, 2026, the Corporation
  had invested US$77 million (C$107 million), net of recallable distributions, through this account.
7 Fund commitments of up to US$330 million, of which US$266 million is currently callable. The vintage year has been aligned with the date of the first investment by Power
  Sustainable Decarb PE in the first quarter of 2026.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
                                       energy platform with 3.8 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
                                       Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 200 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                       financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                            which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in Chicago, U.S. that
                                            acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                            commercial and industrial markets.
                                       The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
                                       The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                                                                                            March 31,   December 31,
                                       (in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                                      2026          2025

                                       Advanced development 1                                                                                                                                   686            681
                                       Under construction                                                                                                                                       580            595
                                                    1
                                       Operating                                                                                                                                              2,578          2,566
                                                                                                                                                                                              3,844          3,842
                                       1 Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 613 MW at March 31, 2026, of which 343 MW is included in Advanced development (same as at
                                         December 31, 2025).


                                       Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
                                       carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
                                       direct investments.
                                       At March 31, 2026, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $6.4 billion ($6.1 billion at
                                       December 31, 2025).

                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform, targets global investments in energy,
                                       transportation and logistics, digital, social and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform targets sub-investment-grade
                                       infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies with tailored financing
                                       solutions.

                                       Power Sustainable Lios
                                       Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
                                       sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
                                       market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.

                                       Power Sustainable Decarb PE
                                       Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity (Power Sustainable Decarb PE) seeks superior risk-adjusted returns through
                                       investments in established middle-market companies that help decarbonize the North American economy. The strategy
                                       targets investments in the energy, industrial and transportation sectors and the built environment.
                                       On January 30, 2026, Power Sustainable Decarb PE acquired a majority interest in a U.S.-based provider of energy efficiency,
                                       utility services, and distributed energy resources, primarily serving utilities and energy service companies as well as municipal
                                       customers. The Corporation has determined that it has control of this entity in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial
                                       Statements; the transaction did not have a significant impact on the Corporation’s consolidated financial statements.




                                            A  38                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A                                                                                                                                       3 9 of 7 3


RESULTS – Asset Management Activities

                                                                                                                                               SAGARD              POWER SUSTAINABLE




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a
non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS                                                                  ASSET

Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees                                                              MANAGEMENT
less investment platform expenses. Asset management                                                                       ACTIVITIES
activities also includes carried interest and income from other
management activities.
                                                                                                                          INVESTING

                                                                                                                           ACTIVITIES




Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                                        March 31,       December 31,         March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                          2026              2025               2025
Sagard
  Management fees 1 2                                                                                                                        73                 74                 59
  Investment platform expenses                                                                                                              (80)                (83)               (67)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                                                                              (7)                (9)                (8)
   Net carried interest 4                                                                                                                      6                10                   4
   Other 3                                                                                                                                    (7)                 5                 (8)
                                                                                                                                              (8)                 6                (12)
   Earnings (loss) from private wealth platform and other
    asset management activities 5                                                                                                             (1)                 −                 −
   Non-controlling interests 6                                                                                                                 4                  3                  8
                                                                                                                                              (5)                 9                 (4)
Power Sustainable
  Management fees 1                                                                                                                          10                   9                  7
  Investment platform expenses                                                                                                              (17)                (20)               (14)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                                                                              (7)               (11)                (7)
   Net carried interest 4                                                                                                                      3                12                  (3)
   Other 3 7                                                                                                                                  (7)               (11)                 2
   Non-controlling interests 8                                                                                                                 1                  4                  2
                                                                                                                                            (10)                 (6)                (6)


Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                         (15)                  3                (10)
1 Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from
  investing activities.
2 In the first quarter of 2026, Sagard recognized a retroactive management fee of $2 million related to new capital committed in the fundraising close of Sagard NewGen 2
  and Portage Ventures IV (nil in the first quarter of 2025 and $2 million in the fourth quarter of 2025 related to the fundraising close of Portage Ventures IV and PVC VI).
3 Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
  Measures” for a description and reconciliation.
4 Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of amounts allocated to employees. Carried interest is recognized based on changes in fair value of
  investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur with respect to
  unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
5 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities as well as its interest in
  HalseyPoint.
6 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held by third parties in SHMI, PEM and BEX, as well as interests held in SHMI by Great West and management of
  Sagard.
7 Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP.
8 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in PSM by Great West and management of Power Sustainable.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INVES TING ACTIVITIES
                                       Overview




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
                                       development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,
                                       and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
                                       Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
                                       underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
                                          Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Real Estate, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership and
                                             Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit are expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
                                          Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital and Private Equity are expected to generate returns as
                                             investments are monetized.
                                       The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
                                       investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                                                                As at                           Three-month period ended                                                      As at
                                                                                                   December 31, 2025                                      March 31, 2026                                            March 31, 2026
                                                                            Investments     Distributions            Fair                                             Fair value      Investments       Distributions         Fair
                                       (in millions of dollars)                 to date 1        to date 1          value      Investments       Distributions          change            to date 1          to date 1       value
                                       Sagard
                                         Venture Capital 2                         654              312           1,909                   10                12               14                664              324         1,921
                                         Private Equity                          1,346            1,634             327                    −                  −                2            1,346             1,634           329
                                         Private Credit 3                          565              400             250                   34                12                 4               599              412           276
                                         Real Estate                                 33                1              32                   1                  −               −                    34              1           33
                                         Cash and other                               1                −              21                   −                  −               −                    1               −           61
                                                                                 2,599            2,347           2,539                   45                24               20             2,644             2,371         2,620


                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Power Sustainable Energy
                                          Infrastructure
                                            PSEIP 4                                447                33            654                    1                  −              13                448                33          668
                                            Direct investments 5                 1,216              782             153                    −                  −              40             1,216               782           193
                                          Power Sustainable
                                           Infrastructure Credit 6                 104                38              75                  23                  2                4               127                40          100
                                          Power Sustainable
                                           Decarb PE                                  −                −               −                  25                  −               (5)                  25              −           20
                                          Other investments                          18                5              20                   1                  −               (1)                  19              5           20
                                                                                 1,785              858             902                   50                  2              51             1,835               860         1,001

                                                                                 4,384            3,205           3,441                   95                26               71             4,479             3,231         3,621
                                       1 Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
                                       2 Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
                                       3 The investments to date and distributions to date presented for the comparative period have been adjusted to remove investments which have been disposed of as at
                                         December 31, 2025.
                                       4 Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
                                         previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021, in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023, and in the second quarter of 2025.
                                       5 Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related
                                         platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.
                                       6 Consists of investments through a separately managed account. Investments to date is presented net of disposals of funded committed capital through direct secondary
                                         offerings.




                                             A  40                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINTECH INVESTMENTS
Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group, while significant
investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.
Wealthsimple
At March 31, 2026, Power Financial, IGM and Great West collectively held, through limited partnerships controlled by Power
Financial and through direct investments, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 52.4% (same as at December 31,
2025), representing a voting interest of 57.5% and a fully diluted equity interest of 40.7%. Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is
one of Canada’s fastest-growing financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for growing and managing
money.
Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
investing to spending, saving and tax. At March 31, 2026, Wealthsimple had 3.4 million clients, excluding tax filers, across the
Canadian market with assets under administration of $124.8 billion, compared with $111.3 billion at December 31, 2025.
At March 31, 2026, the Power group had invested $544 million in Wealthsimple (same as at December 31, 2025), and had
received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
The following table is a summary of the Power group’s direct and indirect interests held in Wealthsimple:
                                                                                                        Power                     Great West            Power group's
                                                                                                     Financial              IGM    and Other          interest held as at
                                                                                                                                                   March 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                                                                      2026              2025

Investment in Wealthsimple, fair value                                                                 1,566              2,416        148            4,130                 4,130
Investment in Wealthsimple, fair value, net of carried interest 1                                      1,465              2,258        137            3,860                 3,860
                                        2
Fully diluted equity interest (%)                                                                        15.4              23.8         1.5            40.7                  40.7
Undiluted equity interest (%) 3                                                                          19.9              30.6         1.9            52.4                  52.4
1 The fair value presented is net of deductions for carried interest payable to Sagard in respect of limited partnership held interests, including amounts subject to incentive
  arrangements.
2 Fully diluted equity interest assumes conversion of all potentially dilutive instruments, irrespective of their current exercisability or vesting conditions.
3 Undiluted equity interest is calculated based on outstanding equity interests at the end of the reporting period.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RESULTS – Investing Activities
                                                                                                                                                                                 SAGARD              POWER SUSTAINABLE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital
                                       invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the                                                               ASSET

                                       investment funds managed by the investment platforms and                                                            MANAGEMENT
                                       the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated                                                        ACTIVITIES
                                       subsidiaries held within the investment platforms. Due to the
                                       accounting treatment required for the underlying investments
                                       and activities, the results of certain consolidated funds and
                                                                                                                                                            INVESTING
                                       controlled and consolidated subsidiaries included in investing
                                       activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the                                                         ACTIVITIES

                                       Corporation's respective investment.


                                       The Corporation has determined that it has control of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership due to its exposure
                                       to variable returns and is required to consolidate the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; therefore, the increase in fair
                                       value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the limited partner equity interests
                                       held by third parties which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been classified as a financial liability
                                       and are remeasured at their redemption value. The impact from the revaluation of the non-controlling interests (NCI) liabilities
                                       has been excluded from adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
                                       changes in fair value.
                                       Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                                                                          March 31,       December 31,         March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                     2026              2025               2025

                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       SAGARD
                                         Private equity and other strategies                                                                                                    (1)               14                28
                                         Venture capital (fintech investments) ¹                                                                                                 1                  3               13
                                                                                                                                                                                −                 17                41
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Energy infrastructure ²                                                                                                                (7)               (14)               (4)
                                         Other ³                                                                                                                                 4                 (1)                7
                                                                                                                                                                                (3)               (15)                3


                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                                                             (3)                 2               44

                                       Adjustments
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                                                                      (40)               (118)             (12)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                    (43)               (116)              32
                                       1 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple.
                                       2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings from the underlying
                                         activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and G&A expenses).
                                       3 The first quarter of 2025 included a change in fair value of other investments managed within the Power Sustainable platform.




                                             A  42                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)

Power Sustainable




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
For the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net negative impact of
$40 million, which consist of the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities and other market-
related impacts:
  A charge of $38 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair value
    of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-
    party investors. The Corporation controls and consolidates the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; however, equity
    interests held by third parties have redemption features and are classified as a financial liability, which are remeasured at
    their redemption value. The first quarter of 2026 includes a net charge of $29 million, related to the Corporation’s share
    of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from a net increase in fair value of assets held in
    PSEIP.
  The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a loss of $2 million after tax ($2 million pre-tax).
For the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net negative impact of
$12 million, which included:
  A charge of $6 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair value
    of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-
    party investors. The first quarter of 2025 included a recovery of $9 million related to the Corporation’s share of the
    revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from a net decrease in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
  The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a loss of $6 million after tax ($8 million pre-tax).
For the three-month period ended December 31, 2025, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net negative impact
of $118 million, which included:
  A charge of $124 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair
    value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to
    third-party investors. The fourth quarter of 2025 included a net charge of $110 million, related to the Corporation’s share
    of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from a net increase in fair value of assets held in
    PSEIP.
  The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a gain of $6 million after tax ($8 million pre-tax).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Corporate Operations and Other
                                       Corporate operations and Other includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       other investment activities, and the Corporation’s investment in LMPG, as well as corporate operations of the holding
                                       company which includes operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-
                                       participating and perpetual preferred shares.
                                       Summary of corporate operations and other of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                                                                      March 31,            December 31,   March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                                 2026                   2025         2025

                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       LMPG 1 2                                                                                                                                (6)                  (5)         (5)
                                       Other corporate investments
                                         Investment funds                                                                                                                       8                    2           9
                                         Other 3                                                                                                                              15                     3         13
                                                                                                                                                                              17                     −         17
                                       Operating and other expenses
                                         Operating expenses 4                                                                                                                (54)                  (60)       (54)
                                         Depreciation                                                                                                                          (2)                  (2)         (2)
                                         Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge 5                                                                                            (7)                   2           3
                                         Financing charges 6                                                                                                                 (14)                  (13)       (13)

                                                                                                                                                                             (77)                  (73)       (66)
                                       Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                                                         (56)                  (51)       (48)

                                                                                                                                                                           (116)                  (124)       (97)
                                       Adjustments
                                         LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                                                        −                     −         12
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                                                                 (116)                  (124)       (85)
                                       1 The Corporation’s investment in LMPG was previously presented separately within Standalone businesses. Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with
                                         the current presentation.
                                       2 The Corporation, through Power Sustainable Capital, held a controlling interest of 49.6% at March 31, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025) in LMPG, a designer,
                                         developer, and manufacturer of a wide range of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial, institutional, and urban
                                         environments.
                                       3 Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents.
                                       4 Operating expenses in the first and fourth quarters of 2025 included a charge related to updated performance assumptions used in the measurement of performance
                                         share units of $4 million and $5 million, respectively. Operating expenses related to Power Financial were $20 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026
                                         ($23 million in the corresponding period in 2025).
                                       5 The Corporation has attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which are classified as cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation
                                         has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. The fair value change of
                                         TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instruments.
                                       6 Financing charges related to Power Financial were $5 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 ($4 million in the corresponding period in 2025).


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
                                       Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by LMPG and identifies
                                       Adjustments.
                                       In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $12 million primarily consisted of the Corporation’s
                                       share of the remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities by LMPG.




                                             A  44                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,       March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2026          2025             2025

Great West ¹
  Market experience relative to expectations                                                                                          11             (42)             (62)
  Assumption changes and management actions                                                                                             2            (19)             (22)
  Business transformation and other impacts                                                                                          (22)            (49)              (7)
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets                                                                  (23)            (25)             (25)
                                                                                                                                     (32)           (135)           (116)
   Effect of consolidation ²                                                                                                         (12)            (39)              (2)
                                                                                                                                     (44)           (174)           (118)
IGM ¹
  Gain on partial sales of investment in associates                                                                                     −            16                 −
  Share of Great West’s adjustments                                                                                                     −             (3)              (2)

                                                                                                                                        −            13                (2)
   Effect of consolidation ²                                                                                                           (1)             −                −
                                                                                                                                       (1)           13                (2)
GBL
   Imerys impairment and other charges                                                                                                  −           (155)               −
   Loss on partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio
     and Sienna Investment Managers                                                                                                     −            (25)               −
   Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                                                                  −              −              22
                                                                                                                                        −           (180)             22
Sagard and Power Sustainable
  Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                                                                    (40)           (118)             (12)

Corporate operations and Other
  LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       −               −              12
                                                                                                                                     (85)           (459)             (98)
1 As reported by Great West and IGM.
2 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Great West and IGM.



For additional information on each of Great West, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Corporate operations
and Other, refer to their respective “Adjustments” sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in
this MD&A.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL POSITION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
                                       The condensed balance sheets of Great West, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation
                                       and Power Financial, as well as the Alternative asset investment platforms and Other, are presented below. These tables
                                       reconcile the holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Corporation at March 31,
                                       2026 and December 31, 2025, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2026
                                                                                                                                                                    Alternative asset                                        Power
                                                                                                                                                                          investment                                    Corporation
                                                                                                                                                            Holding    platforms and                     Effect of     consolidated
                                                                                                                Great West                  IGM            company            Other 1               consolidation     balance sheet
                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                    9,857                1,150               2,114                 2,476                    (574)          15,023
                                       Investments                                                               237,871                 5,320                  180                5,247                     564         249,182
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                          Great West and IGM                                                           430                 670              21,676                       −              (22,776)                −
                                          GBL 2                                                                           −                    −             3,079                       −                      −           3,079
                                          Other                                                                     1,180                2,397               1,884                       −                (5,461)               −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                   582               3,129                     −               1,842                    (555)           4,998
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                    1,591                      −                   −                     −                      −           1,591
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                            16,446                      −                   −                     −                      −          16,446
                                       Other assets                                                                26,025                4,849                  560              33,372                     (185)          64,621
                                       Intangible assets 3                                                          4,933                1,289                     1                 908                     (88)           7,043
                                       Goodwill 3                                                                  11,346                2,637                     −                 367                     407           14,757
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                           553,536                       −                   −                     −                      −        553,536
                                       Total assets                                                              863,797               21,441               29,494               44,212                 (28,668)         930,276
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                            160,315                       −                   −                     −                      −        160,315
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                             89,625                      −                   −                     −                      −          89,625
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                           892                     −                   −                     −                      −             892
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                             −              4,785                     −                     −                      −           4,785
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                           −                    −                647                      −                      −             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments of: 4
                                          Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                       8,858                2,400                  250                      −                   (88)          11,420
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other                                         −                    −                   −               4,397                        −           4,397
                                       Other liabilities                                                           17,406                5,187               1,336               36,892                   (1,338)          59,483
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                             69,650                      −                   −                     −                      −          69,650
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                           483,886                       −                   −                     −                      −        483,886
                                       Total liabilities                                                         830,632               12,372                2,233               41,289                   (1,426)        885,100
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                               1,500                      −                   −                     −                (1,500)               −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                   2,920                      −             2,830                       −                (5,750)               −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                           −                    −             1,350                       −                      −           1,350
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                          25,515                8,974              23,081                 2,481                (36,970)           23,081
                                       Non-controlling interests 5 6                                                3,230                    95                    −                 442                 16,978            20,745
                                       Total equity                                                                33,165                9,069              27,261                 2,923                (27,242)           45,176
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                              863,797               21,441               29,494               44,212                 (28,668)         930,276
                                       1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and LMPG.
                                       2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the Interim
                                         Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       3 The assets of Great West, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                       5 Great West’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Great West, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.


                                             A  46                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A



                                                                                                                                                                 December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                Alternative asset                            Power
                                                                                                                                      investment                        Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                        Holding    platforms and         Effect of     consolidated
                                                                             Great West                  IGM           company            Other 1   consolidation     balance sheet
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                        8,902               1,274               2,232            2,518             (560)         14,366
Investments                                                                   239,080                5,387                  176           4,552              554         249,749
Investments in publicly traded operating
  companies, investment platforms and other:
   Great West and IGM                                                               424                 670            21,574                 −         (22,668)                −
   GBL 2                                                                               −                   −             3,291                −                 −           3,291
   Other                                                                         1,075               2,397               1,609                −           (5,081)               −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                       570              3,084                       −        1,734             (544)           4,844
Insurance contract assets                                                        1,571                     −                     −            −                 −           1,571
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                16,850                     −                     −            −                 −         16,850
Other assets                                                                    26,992               5,662                  626         29,100              (177)         62,203
Intangible assets 3                                                              4,912               1,291                       1          915              (88)           7,031
Goodwill 3                                                                      11,283               2,637                       −          334              407          14,661
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                               551,169                      −                     −            −                 −        551,169
Total assets                                                                  862,828               22,402             29,509           39,153          (28,157)         925,735
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                                161,644                      −                     −            −                 −        161,644
Investment contract liabilities                                                 89,042                     −                     −            −                 −         89,042
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                               919                    −                     −            −                 −              919
Obligations to securitization entities                                                 −             4,815                       −            −                 −           4,815
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                               −                   −                647               −                 −              647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of: 4
   Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                           8,792               2,400                  250               −              (88)         11,354
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                             −                   −                     −        4,146                 −           4,146
Other liabilities                                                               18,259               6,149               1,350          32,327            (1,134)         56,951
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                                 70,418                     −                     −            −                 −         70,418
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                               480,751                      −                     −            −                 −        480,751
Total liabilities                                                             829,825               13,364               2,247          36,473            (1,222)        880,687
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                                   1,500                     −                     −            −           (1,500)               −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                       2,920                     −             2,830                −           (5,750)               −
Non-participating shares                                                               −                   −             1,350                −                 −           1,350
Participating shareholders’ equity                                              25,437               8,944             23,082             2,280         (36,661)          23,082
Non-controlling interests 5 6                                                    3,146                    94                     −          400          16,976           20,616
Total equity                                                                    33,003               9,038             27,262             2,680         (26,935)          45,048
Total liabilities and equity                                                  862,828               22,402             29,509           39,153          (28,157)         925,735
1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and LMPG.
2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 20 of the
  Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
3 The assets of Great West, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
5 Great West’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Great West, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated
  investments.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                         A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Consolidated assets and liabilities
                                       Total assets of the Corporation increased to $930.3 billion at March 31, 2026, compared with $925.7 billion at December 31,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       2025, mainly due to the following:
                                         Other assets increased by $2.4 billion, primarily due to an increase in funds held on behalf of clients.
                                         Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders, which are measured at fair value, increased by
                                           $2.4 billion, primarily due to net deposits of $5.5 billion, the impact of currency movement of $3.1 billion, and an increase
                                           in non-controlling mutual fund interest of $1.6 billion, partially offset by the combined impact of market value losses and
                                           investment income of $7.8 billion.
                                       Liabilities increased to $885.1 billion at March 31, 2026, compared with $880.7 billion at December 31, 2025, mainly due to
                                       the following:
                                         Insurance contract liabilities decreased by $1.3 billion, primarily due to normal business movements and the impact of
                                           market movements.
                                         Investment contract liabilities increased by $0.6 billion, primarily due to the impact of currency movements, partially offset
                                           by normal business movements.
                                         Other liabilities increased by $2.5 billion, primarily due to an increase in client funds payable.
                                         Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $2.4 billion, primarily due
                                           to net deposits of $5.5 billion, the impact of currency movement of $3.1 billion, and an increase in non-controlling mutual
                                           fund interest of $1.6 billion, partially offset by the combined impact of market value losses and investment income of
                                           $7.8 billion.
                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
                                       investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in force. Insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
                                       established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Great West and IGM, respectively.




                                           A  48                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
participating shares.
                                                                                                                                        March 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                            2026               2025

Holding company assets
Cash and cash equivalents 1                                                                                                                2,114                 2,232
Investment in:
   Great West                                                                                                                            17,287                17,237
   IGM                                                                                                                                     4,389                 4,337
         2
   GBL                                                                                                                                     3,079                 3,291
   Sagard and Power Sustainable 3                                                                                                          1,806                 1,525
Other assets and investments 4                                                                                                              819                    887
Total holding company assets                                                                                                             29,494                29,509
Holding company liabilities
Debentures and other debt instruments 5                                                                                                     897                    897
Other liabilities                                                                                                                          1,336                 1,350
Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                          2,233                 2,247
Holding company equity
Perpetual preferred shares 6                                                                                                               2,830                 2,830
Non-participating shares                                                                                                                   1,350                 1,350
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                       23,081                23,082
Total holding company equity                                                                                                             27,261                27,262
Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                             29,494                29,509
1 Cash equivalents include $574 million ($560 million at December 31, 2025) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with IFRS,
  these are classified as investments in the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements.
2 Indirectly held through Parjointco.
3 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
4 Includes $92 million of dividends declared in the first quarter by IGM ($83 million at December 31, 2025) and received by Power Financial on April 30, 2026. Other
  investments include portfolio investments in private investment funds, classified as FVPL, and the Corporation’s controlled and consolidated investment in LMPG, which
  is presented using the equity method for purposes of the holding company presentation. At March 31, 2026, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to make
  future capital contributions to private investment funds for an aggregate amount of $26 million.
5 Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at March 31, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025).
6 Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.


Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $2,114 million at March 31, 2026,
compared with $2,232 million at the end of December 2025 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
details).
The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable amounted to $35 million
at March 31, 2026 ($30 million at December 31, 2025) and are included in the carrying amount of the investment platforms.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                               A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Investments
                                       INVES TMENTS IN GR EAT WES T, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Great West, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity
                                       method for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Great West, IGM and
                                       GBL, accounted for using the equity method, were $24,755 million at March 31, 2026, compared with $24,865 million at
                                       December 31, 2025:
                                                                                                                                              Great West                       IGM                    GBL 1          Total

                                       Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                         17,237                     4,337                   3,291         24,865
                                          Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                                     846                     173                       20          1,039
                                          Contribution from adjustments                                                                               (44)                       (1)                     −            (45)
                                          Disposals                                                                                                  (397)                       −                       −           (397)
                                          Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                   87                       35                    (230)          (108)
                                          Dividends                                                                                                  (414)                     (92)                      −           (506)
                                          Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                                    (28)                     (63)                     (2)           (93)
                                       Carrying value, at March 31, 2026                                                                         17,287                     4,389                   3,079         24,755
                                       1 Indirectly held through Parjointco.


                                       ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
                                       The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
                                       asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms
                                       including the investment in Wealthsimple, are presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company
                                       presentation.
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,
                                       Carrying value, at                                                                                                                                            2026           2025

                                       Asset management companies
                                          Sagard                                                                                                                                                     347             164
                                          Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                            −                −
                                       Investing activities
                                          Sagard 1
                                             Investment funds and other 2                                                                                                                          1,150           1,066
                                             Wealthsimple 3                                                                                                                                          112             116
                                          Power Sustainable                                                                                                                                          197             179
                                                                                                                                                                                                   1,806           1,525
                                       1 Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
                                       2 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II.
                                       3 Consists of Power Financial’s direct and indirect investments in Wealthsimple, net of carried interest payable to Sagard on its investment in Wealthsimple. Excludes
                                         investment in Wealthsimple held by other entities within the Power group.


                                       Income Taxes
                                       The non-capital losses of the holding company, at March 31, 2026, were $1,538 million, which are available to reduce future
                                       taxable income (including capital gains). No benefit has been recognized for these non-capital losses. These losses expire
                                       from 2028 to 2046.
                                       The capital losses of the holding company, at March 31, 2026, were $192 million ($98 million for which the benefits have not
                                       been recognized) and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.




                                             A  50                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Equity

NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES




                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of seven series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate
share capital of $1,350 million at March 31, 2026 (same as at December 31, 2025), all of which are non-cumulative. All series
are perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
The terms and conditions of the other outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 19 of the Corporation’s 2025
Consolidated Financial Statements.

PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
Participating shareholders’ equity was $23,081 million at March 31, 2026, comparable with December 31, 2025:
Three months ended March 31                                                                                                   2026        2025

Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                            23,082     22,930
Changes in participating shares
   Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                           (59)       (45)
   Issuance of subordinate voting shares (221,279 shares in 2026 and 818,566 shares
      in 2025) under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                              7            27
                                                                                                                               (52)       (18)
Changes in retained earnings
   Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                  840         702
   Dividends declared                                                                                                         (442)      (407)
   Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                          (202)       (90)
   Realized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                        (13)           46
   Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                      (53)       (59)
                                                                                                                              130         192
Changes in reserves
   Other comprehensive income (loss)
     Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                 114         160
     Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                               (84)       (18)
     Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                         44             11
     Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                             (154)       (52)
   Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                            1            (6)
                                                                                                                               (79)           95
Participating shareholders’ equity, at March 31                                                                             23,081     23,199



The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $36.52 at March 31,
2026, compared with $36.31 at the end of 2025.




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6             A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
                                       At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 Participating Preferred Shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
                                       at December 31, 2025), and 575,322,676 Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       580,872,092 at December 31, 2025.
                                       At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 14,486,694 Subordinate Voting Shares
                                       of the Corporation, including 3,077,714 Subordinate Voting Shares issuable pursuant to options under the Power Financial
                                       Employee Stock Option Plan, which has been assumed by the Corporation, and 495,930 Subordinate Voting Shares were
                                       issuable pursuant to outstanding performance restricted share units.

                                       NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
                                       The Corporation’s NCIB that commenced on March 1, 2025 expired on February 28, 2026. On March 1, 2026, the Corporation
                                       commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2027 and the date on which the Corporation has
                                       purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to this bid, the Corporation may purchase
                                       up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing approximately 3.8% of the public float of
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 16, 2026) at market prices.
                                       In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
                                       parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
                                       NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
                                       self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2026, the commencement
                                       date of the new NCIB.
                                       The Corporation repurchased and cancelled 3.9 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $261 million in the three-
                                       month period ended March 31, 2026 (3.0 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $135 million in the three-month
                                       period ended March 31, 2025).

                                       SUBSEQUENT EVENT
                                       Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as at May 12, 2026, an additional 2.1 million Subordinate Voting
                                       Shares pursuant to its current NCIB for a total of $148 million.


                                       ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE
                                       Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
                                       participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
                                       the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
                                       determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
                                       fair value as follows:
                                         Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
                                           reporting date;
                                         Investments in private entities, including debt instruments, are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using
                                           consistently applied valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations
                                           are prepared by external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are
                                           generally used to corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any
                                           management incentives; and
                                         Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
                                           incentives.
                                       The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
                                       is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
                                       IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                                           A  52                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
(Great West, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
non-IFRS ratio, was $84.54 at March 31, 2026, compared with $85.77 at December 31, 2025, representing a decrease of 1.4%.
The Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $36.52 at March 31, 2026,
compared with $36.31at December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 0.6%.
                                                                                                                       March 31, 2026                            December 31, 2025
                                                                                      Holding                                                   Holding
                                                                                     company              Fair value      Adjusted net         company      Fair value   Adjusted net
                                                                                 balance sheet           adjustment        asset value     balance sheet   adjustment     asset value

Holding company assets
Investments
   Power Financial
      Great West                                                                        17,287              22,882                40,169       17,237        24,910         42,147
      IGM                                                                                4,389               5,416                 9,805         4,337        4,807           9,144
      GBL 1                                                                              3,079                 (327)               2,752         3,291          (600)         2,691
   Alternative asset investment platforms
      Asset management companies 2
          Sagard                                                                            347                 216                 563            164           244             408
          Power Sustainable                                                                    −                   −                  −              −             −              −
      Investing activities
          Sagard 3
             Investment funds and other 4                                                1,150                     5               1,155         1,066             8          1,074
                               5
             Wealthsimple                                                                   112              1,353                 1,465           116        1,349           1,465
          Power Sustainable                                                                 197                 804                1,001           179           723             902
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                2,114                     −               2,114         2,232             −          2,232
Other assets and investments 3                                                              819                    9                828            887             3             890
Total holding company assets                                                            29,494              30,358                59,852       29,509        31,444         60,953
Holding company liabilities and
 non-participating shares
Debentures and other debt instruments                                                       897                    −                897            897             −             897
                    6
Other liabilities                                                                        1,336                     −               1,336         1,350             −          1,350
Non-participating shares and
 perpetual preferred shares                                                              4,180                     −               4,180         4,180             −          4,180
Total holding company liabilities and
 non-participating shares                                                                6,413                     −               6,413         6,427             −          6,427

Net value
Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
 Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                                    23,081              30,358                53,439       23,082        31,444         54,526

Per share                                                                                36.52                                     84.54         36.31                        85.77
1 The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3.7 billion (€2.3 billion) at March 31, 2026 ($3.9 billion (€2.4 billion) at December 31, 2025).
2 The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value. The management company of Power Sustainable is presented at its carrying value.
3 Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
4 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II.
5 Represents Power Financial’s direct and indirect investments in Wealthsimple, net of carried interest payable to Sagard on its investment in Wealthsimple. Excludes
  investment in Wealthsimple held by other entities within the Power group.
6 In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
  jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
  will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
  such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
  on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.


Investments measured at market value and cash represent 91.8% of the total assets at fair value at March 31, 2026
(92.4% at December 31, 2025). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $5,282 million or $8.36 per share.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CASH FLOWS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
                                       The condensed cash flows of Great West, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial
                                       on a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
                                       reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
                                       Corporation for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, which are included in Note 20 of the Interim
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.
                                       Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                                     2026
                                                                                                                                                                Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                                                      investment                                      Power
                                                                                                                                                        Holding    platforms and                    Effect of    Corporation
                                                                                                            Great West                  IGM            company            Other 1              consolidation    consolidated

                                       Cash flows from:
                                          Operating activities                                                   2,107                 141                  470                 (402)                 (438)          1,878
                                          Financing activities                                                  (1,197)               (312)                (705)                 729                   538            (947)
                                          Investing activities                                                       (26)                47                 117                 (378)                 (114)           (354)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates
                                         on cash and cash equivalents                                                 71                   −                   −                     9                    −             80
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                             955               (124)                (118)                  (42)                  (14)           657
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                          8,902               1,274               2,232                 2,518                  (560)         14,366
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at March 31                                    9,857               1,150               2,114                 2,476                  (574)         15,023

                                       1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, as well as Wealthsimple and LMPG.



                                       Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                                                                                Alternative asset
                                                                                                                                                                      investment                                      Power
                                                                                                                                                        Holding    platforms and                    Effect of    Corporation
                                                                                                             Great West                  IGM           company            Other 1              consolidation    consolidated

                                       Cash flows from:
                                          Operating activities                                                      (167)                 70                420                 (156)                 (444)           (277)
                                          Financing activities                                                      (686)              (191)               (527)                (206)                  327          (1,283)
                                          Investing activities                                                         (2)              (17)               (124)                 257                   192             306
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates
                                         on cash and cash equivalents                                                  89                  −                   −                     −                    −             89
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                             (766)              (138)               (231)                (105)                    75         (1,165)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                          10,709                 910               1,606                  858                  (339)         13,744
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at March 31                                     9,943                 772               1,375                  753                  (264)         12,579
                                       1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, as well as Wealthsimple and LMPG.


                                       Consolidated cash and cash equivalents increased by $657 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026,
                                       compared with a decrease of $1,165 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
                                       Operating activities produced a net inflow of $1,878 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, compared with
                                       a net outflow of $277 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
                                       Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
                                       repurchase of participating and preferred shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and
                                       redeemable units by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation,
                                       dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization
                                       entities by IGM, represented a net outflow of $947 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, compared with
                                       a net outflow of $1,283 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
                                       Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of $354 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026,
                                       compared with a net inflow of $306 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Great West and IGM, respectively.




                                            A  54                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income




                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
holding company.
Three months ended March 31                                                                                                      2026        2025

Operating activities of the holding company
Dividends
   Great West                                                                                                                    414         388
   IGM                                                                                                                            83             83
Corporate operations, net of non-cash items 1                                                                                     (27)       (51)
                                                                                                                                 470         420
Financing activities of the holding company
Dividends paid on:
   Non-participating shares                                                                                                       (16)       (13)
   Participating shares                                                                                                         (389)       (363)
   Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                     (35)       (35)
Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                               7            25
Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                         (261)       (135)
Other 2                                                                                                                           (11)           (6)
                                                                                                                                (705)       (527)
Investing activities of the holding company
Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments                                                                           15             4
Disposal of Great West shares                                                                                                    390             −
Purchase of investments                                                                                                         (284)       (127)
Other                                                                                                                              (4)           (1)
                                                                                                                                 117        (124)
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                           (118)       (231)
Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                         2,232      1,606
Cash and cash equivalents, at March 31                                                                                          2,114      1,375
1 Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
2 Includes share repurchase-related expenses.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6            A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial decreased by $118 million in the three-month period
                                       ended March 31, 2026, compared with a decrease of $231 million in the corresponding period in 2025.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $470 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, compared with
                                       a net inflow of $420 million in the corresponding period in 2025. Dividends received from the publicly traded operating
                                       companies include:
                                       Three months ended March 31                                                                                                           2026                                     2025
                                                                                                                                            Dividend per          Total dividend               Dividend per   Total dividend
                                       (in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                                         share                received                      share         received

                                       Great West                                                                                                 0.6700                     414                   0.6100              388
                                       IGM 1                                                                                                      0.5625                       83                  0.5625               83
                                       1 On February 12, 2026, IGM announced a 10% increase in the quarterly dividend on its common shares, from $0.5625 per share to $0.6200 per share, payable on April 30,
                                         2026.

                                       The Corporation’s financing activities during the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 resulted in a net outflow of
                                       $705 million, compared with a net outflow of $527 million in the corresponding period in 2025, and included:
                                          Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $405 million, compared with
                                             $376 million in the corresponding period in 2025. In the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, dividends paid on
                                             the Corporation’s participating shares were $0.6125 per share, compared with $0.5625 in the corresponding period in
                                             2025.
                                          Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $35 million, same as in the corresponding period in 2025.
                                          Issuance of Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation for $7 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
                                             Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $25 million
                                             in the corresponding period in 2025.
                                          Repurchase of Subordinate Voting Shares of $261 million, as part of the NCIB, in the three-month period ended March 31,
                                             2026, compared with repurchase for an amount of $135 million in the corresponding period in 2025.
                                       The Corporation’s investing activities during the three-month period ended March 31, 2026 resulted in a net inflow of
                                       $117 million, compared with a net outflow of $124 million in the corresponding period in 2025. The three-month period
                                       ended March 31, 2026 includes proceeds of $390 million from the sale of Great West shares through Power Financial’s
                                       participation in Great West’s NCIB to maintain its approximate proportionate ownership.
                                       Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
                                       and in its investment platforms.
                                       The Corporation increased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
                                       outflow of $14 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, compared with a net inflow of $75 million in the
                                       corresponding period in 2025.




                                             A  56                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
   provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
   provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
      and other investments as opportunities arise;
   maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent capital;
   maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
   maintain a prudent amount of available cash and cash equivalents.
The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders or issue capital.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
management.
With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
effective source of permanent capital.
The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
Financial, Great West, IGM and consolidated investment funds and other are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation
does not guarantee debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 73% of
consolidated capitalization at March 31, 2026.

                                                                                                                                          March 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                              2026               2025
Debentures and other debt instruments
Power Corporation                                                                                                                              647                   647
Power Financial                                                                                                                                250                   250
Great West                                                                                                                                  8,858                 8,792
IGM                                                                                                                                         2,400                 2,400
Consolidated investment funds and Other 1                                                                                                   4,397                 4,146
Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                        (88)                  (88)
                                                                                                                                           15,817                15,500
                                                                                                                                           16,464                16,147
Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
Power Corporation                                                                                                                           1,350                 1,350
Power Financial                                                                                                                             2,830                 2,830
Great West                                                                                                                                  4,420                 4,420
                                                                                                                                            7,250                 7,250
                                                                                                                                            8,600                 8,600
Equity
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                         23,081                23,082
Non-controlling interests 2                                                                                                                13,495                13,366
                                                                                                                                           36,576                36,448
                                                                                                                                           61,640                61,195
1 Includes other debt instruments of consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, and LMPG; consists of $714 million ($613 million in 2025) of debt
  including revolving credit facilities and mortgages on investment properties held by the investment funds and other subsidiaries, $3,436 million ($3,287 million in 2025)
  of project-related debt held within the Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform, and $247 million ($246 million in 2025) of other debt held by LMPG. The other
  debt instruments are secured by the assets of the controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. The other debt instruments held by LMPG are subject
  to certain financial covenants including a minimum cumulative earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) covenant. At March 31,
  2026, LMPG was not in compliance with this covenant. The lenders have consented to a forbearance period which has been extended to June 23, 2026. See Note 9 B) of
  the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
2 Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Great West’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
  notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.



                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Corporation
                                         The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 19, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, Subordinate Voting Shares, subscription receipts
                                           and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to
                                           access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.
                                         The Corporation commenced an NCIB on March 1, 2026 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2027 and the
                                           date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Refer to
                                           the section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

                                       Power Financial
                                         Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 28, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of
                                           25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
                                           debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
                                           equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Great West and certain
                                       of its main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to
                                       regulatory capital requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Great West
                                       and IGM, respectively. See Note 22 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

                                       RATINGS
                                       The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
                                       DBRS’ current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.
                                       Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
                                       corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
                                       accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
                                       have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
                                       hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
                                       specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
                                       securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
                                       The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
                                       A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
                                       economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
                                       commitment on the obligation is still strong.
                                       The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for
                                       long-term debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit
                                       quality than AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
                                       The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar DBRS’ current rating on
                                       Power Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Great West and IGM, respectively.




                                           A  58                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RISK MANAGEMENT
Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses
including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
interest in Great West and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest
in GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating
companies. A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors
of Great West, IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees
of the boards of directors of Great West and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation
are members of these boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role
as directors, they participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further
describe risks related to Great West and IGM, respectively.

RISK OVERSIGHT
The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
oversight of its investments. Management, under the Board of Directors’ oversight, is responsible for risk management
associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and maintains a comprehensive and
appropriate set of policies and controls.
The Board of Directors provides oversight over risk management primarily through the following committees:
  The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting, cybersecurity and the use of artificial intelligence.
  The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
  The Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
    risks related to governance and sustainability matters.
  The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
    of the Corporation.
There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
which investors should carefully consider before investing in securities of the Corporation. The 2025 Annual MD&A reviews
certain risks that could impact the financial condition and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the
Corporation. This description of risks does not include all possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation
is not currently aware.
During the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, there were no significant changes to the Corporation’s risk oversight
approach, and to the identification and management of the specific risks.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
                                       At March 31, 2026, there have been changes to the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’
                                       assets and liabilities recorded at fair value since December 31, 2025. These changes did not have a material impact on the
                                       financial condition of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. See Note 19 to the Corporation’s Interim Consolidated Financial
                                       Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair value measurement.

                                       DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                       In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
                                       derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.
                                       The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
                                       management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
                                       and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
                                         prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
                                         documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;
                                         demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
                                         monitoring the hedging relationships.
                                       There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
                                       derivative instruments in the three-month period ended March 31, 2026. The following table provides a summary of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                                                       March 31, 2026                                    December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                         Maximum                   Total                           Maximum             Total
                                                                                                      Notional           credit risk          fair value             Notional      credit risk    fair value

                                       Power Corporation                                                  457                  192                192                     509           258           257
                                       Power Financial                                                    197                    29                 28                     36             32            32
                                       Great West                                                     73,402                1,766                (774)               70,777           1,863          (549)
                                       IGM                                                             1,898                     55                 43                 1,766              70            55
                                       Other subsidiaries                                              3,085                     56                 43                 3,192              67            57
                                                                                                      78,582                1,906                (660)               75,771           2,032          (405)
                                                                                                      79,039                2,098                (468)               76,280           2,290          (148)


                                       During the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, there was an increase of $2.8 billion in the notional amount of
                                       derivatives outstanding, primarily due to increases in volume of hedging activities by Great West. The Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position)
                                       decreased to $2,098 million at March 31, 2026 from $2,290 million at December 31, 2025.
                                       Parts B and C of the 2025 Annual MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by
                                       Great West and IGM, respectively.
                                       See Note 28 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.




                                             A  60                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GUARANTEES
In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
determined. See also Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.

LETTERS OF CREDIT
In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Great West provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A
beneficiary will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract
liabilities ceded to or amounts due from Great West. Great West may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable
to renew existing letters of credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A.
Potentia and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure have issued letters of credit to support required lender reserves,
performance guarantees for operating solar and wind assets, and commitments for projects under construction.
See also Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,
arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.


COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
At March 31, 2026, there have been no material changes in the contractual obligations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries
from those reported in the 2025 Annual MD&A.


SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS
In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and managements of its subsidiaries are
required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
managements of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Great West, prevailing health and
mortality experience. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the
management of the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or
accounted for using the equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible
assets, valuation of insurance contract liabilities, income taxes and pension plans and other post-employment benefits. These
are described in the Corporation’s 2025 Annual MD&A and the notes to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial
Statements.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                                       There were no changes to the Corporation’s accounting policies from those reported at December 31, 2025, except for:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7,
                                       Financial Instruments: Disclosures, effective January 1, 2026. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with
                                       environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic payment
                                       systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
                                       These amendments do not impact the financial statements of the Corporation, except as indicated below:
                                         The Corporation applied the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or part of a financial
                                           liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before the settlement date if specified
                                           criteria are met. The Corporation applied this election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems
                                           meeting the criteria.
                                         For cash settlement of financial liabilities that did not qualify for the election at period-end, the Corporation derecognized
                                           the associated liabilities on the settlement date. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the
                                           financial statements.
                                       These amendments are applied retrospectively and the comparative information has not been restated.


                                       FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries actively monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze
                                       the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective.
                                       There have been no significant changes to the standards released and updates to the future accounting changes as disclosed
                                       in Note 2 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                       Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
                                       of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this committee is to review
                                       proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
                                       transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
                                       In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
                                       commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
                                       to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to subsidiaries and employees. The alternative
                                       asset investment platforms also provide management of debt instruments, sub-advisory and property management services
                                       to other subsidiaries within the group. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the
                                       appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
                                       In the normal course of business, Canada Life and other Great West subsidiaries enter into various transactions with related
                                       companies which include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power
                                       Corporation group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by
                                       the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
                                       Great West provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating
                                       to pension and other post-employment benefits for its employees, employees of its subsidiaries, and employees of Power
                                       Corporation and Power Financial. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate
                                       related party and conduct review committee.
                                       IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Great West. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and
                                       include i) providing certain administrative services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) sub-advisory services. These
                                       transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
                                       Great West renewed its NCIB commencing January 6, 2026 and terminating January 5, 2027 to purchase for cancellation up
                                       to but not more than 20 million of its common shares at market prices. The renewed NCIB continues to permit Great West to
                                       repurchase its shares from Power Financial and certain of Power Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries in connection with the
                                       NCIB, in order for Power Financial to maintain its approximate proportionate percentage ownership in Great West. During
                                       the first quarter of 2026, Great West repurchased and subsequently cancelled 6.2 million common shares held by Power
                                       Financial under the NCIB for proceeds of $397 million. Refer to the section “Great West” for additional information.
                                       During the first quarter of 2026, SHMI completed an equity financing round to partially fund the acquisition of Unigestion. The
                                       Corporation, Great West and management of SHMI invested an additional US$85.5 million in SHMI, acquiring a combined
                                       fully diluted equity interest of 10.1%. The Corporation also provided debt financing of US$50 million to SHMI, at market terms.
                                       Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for additional information.
                                       See Note 32 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

                                           A  62                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
reliability of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with
IFRS, as issued by the IASB. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All
internal control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation.
As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the
certifications filed by management of Great West and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure
in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries
and investees in order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting.
There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period
ended March 31, 2026 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal
control over financial reporting.


POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION
Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to
an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations and as provided in
the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated September 10, 2024,
regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation (the Decision). The following disclosure is provided further to the
requirements of the Decision:
                                                                                                               Corporate              Effect of             Total             Total
At March 31, 2026                                                      Great West                 IGM          and other 1       consolidation    Power Financial Power Corporation

Total assets                                                             863,797              21,441             61,033               (26,289)          919,982           930,276
Total liabilities                                                        830,632              12,372             33,378                  (613)          875,769           885,100
1 Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.




                                                                                                               Corporate              Effect of             Power            Power
For the three-month period ended March 31, 2026                         Great West                IGM          and other 1       consolidation           Financial      Corporation



Cash flows from operations                                                                                                                                1,907              1,878




Further to the Decision, the earnings coverage ratios set forth below have been prepared in accordance with Item 6.1 of
Form 44-101F1 – Short Form Prospectus:
                                                                                                                                                                       Net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                      attributable to
                                                                                                              Corporate               Effect of   Net earnings of    shareholders of
For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2026                      Great West                IGM          and other 1         consolidation    Power Financial    Power Financial

Earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) 1                                                                                                      7.2                5.2
                                      2
Earnings coverage ratio (debt)                                                                                                                             12.5                 9.0
1 The earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve
  months ended March 31, 2026, divided by the aggregate dividend and financing charge requirements for this period. Power Financial’s annualized dividend requirements
  on all of its preferred shares, including those of subsidiaries, have been adjusted to a pre-tax equivalent using an effective income tax rate of 17.0% for the twelve months
  ended March 31, 2026.
2 The earnings coverage ratio (debt) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve months ended
  March 31, 2026, divided by the aggregate financing charge requirements for this period.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       DEFINITIONS
                                       This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these
                                       financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
                                       provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
                                       Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
                                       this MD&A are defined as follows:
                                       Non-IFRS financial measure     Definition                                                                            Purpose
                                       Adjusted net earnings 1        Net earnings 1 excluding Adjustments.                                                 Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
                                                                                                                                                            underlying operating performance to that of previous
                                                                                                                                                            periods as it reflects management’s view of the
                                                                                                                                                            operating performance of the Corporation and its
                                                                                                                                                            subsidiaries, excluding items that are not considered to
                                                                                                                                                            be part of the underlying business results.
                                                                                                                                                            As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                                                                            assesses the performance of each operating company’s
                                                                                                                                                            contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings.
                                         Adjustments                  After-tax impact of any item that in management’s judgment, including                 Identifies items that are not considered part of
                                                                      those identified by management of Great West and IGM, would make                      operating performance by management, including
                                                                      the period-over-period comparison of results from operations less                     items identified by management of Great West and
                                                                      meaningful. Adjustments include the Corporation’s share of Great West’s               IGM.
                                                                      impact of:
                                                                         market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current
                                                                           period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                                                         assumption changes and management actions that impact the
                                                                           measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                                                         direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus
                                                                           assets and liabilities; and
                                                                         amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                                                                      as well as items that management believes are not indicative of the
                                                                      underlying business results which include those identified by
                                                                      management of a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation,
                                                                      including:
                                                                         business transformation and other impacts (including restructuring
                                                                           or reorganization and integration costs, acquisition and divestiture
                                                                           costs);
                                                                         material legal settlements;
                                                                         material impairment charges;
                                                                         material impacts of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and
                                                                           liabilities including those as a result of income tax rate changes, and
                                                                           other tax impairments;
                                                                         certain non-recurring material items, net gains, losses or costs
                                                                           related to the disposition or acquisition of a business, including
                                                                           those related to an investment in an associate or jointly controlled
                                                                           corporation;
                                                                         impacts related to remeasurements due to market changes that
                                                                           result in an accounting mismatch including the remeasurement of
                                                                           derivatives where the hedged item is not also measured at fair value
                                                                           and hedge accounting is not applied, and the revaluation of
                                                                           redemption liabilities, share warrants and conversion options on
                                                                           convertible and exchangeable debt obligations;
                                                                         the impact of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                                                           related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair value of assets
                                                                           held within the fund, and the share of earnings (losses) from the
                                                                           consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors;
                                                                           and
                                                                         other items that, when removed, assist in explaining underlying
                                                                           operating performance.
                                       1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.




                                             A  64                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                                                                 Purpose
Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of the participating                    Presents the fair value of the participating shareholders’
                             shareholders’ equity of Power Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is                     equity of the holding company and is used to assist in




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                             calculated as the fair value of the assets of the combined Power                           assessing value.
                             Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt                        This measure may be used by investors and analysts in
                             and preferred shares.                                                                      determining or comparing the fair value of investments
                             The investments held in publicly traded entities (including Great West,                    held by the holding company or its overall fair value.
                             IGM and GBL) are measured at their market value and investments in
                             private entities and investment funds are measured at management’s
                             estimate of fair value.
                             The definition of adjusted net asset value involves a number of
                             assumptions, judgments and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate,
                             and the adjusted net asset value per share is not a representation or
                             guarantee of the value a participating shareholder will be able to
                             realize.
Consolidated assets under    Consolidated assets under management and advisement includes                               Consolidated assets under management and
  management and             assets managed on behalf of clients which are beneficially owned by                        advisement and Consolidated assets and assets under
  advisement, and            clients including:                                                                         administration provide an indicator of the size and
Consolidated assets and          Internally and externally managed funds, including proprietary                        volume of the Corporation’s consolidated businesses,
  assets under                     mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and institutional assets,                        including the publicly traded operating companies and
  administration                   where the Corporation’s publicly traded operating companies                          alternative asset investment platforms.
                                   and alternative asset investment platforms have oversight of the                     Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                                   investment policies; and                                                             includes assets in which the Corporation’s consolidated
                                The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the clients by asset                     publicly traded operating companies and investment
                                   managers controlled within the investment platforms, including                       management services businesses only provide
                                   assets managed through a separately managed account.                                 administration services, which are an important aspect
                                                                                                                        of the overall business and should be considered when
                             Services provided in respect of assets under management and                                comparing volumes, size and trends.
                             advisement include the selection of investments, the provision of
                             investment advice, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of
                             clients and/or the provision of financial advice.
                             Consolidated assets and assets under administration includes
                             consolidated assets under management and advisement, assets under
                             administration only, and other assets on the balance sheet. Assets under
                             administration only includes assets where the Corporation’s
                             consolidated publicly traded operating companies and investment
                             management services businesses only provide administration services
                             for which they earn fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                             owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating subsidiaries do
                             not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets
                             under administration only include record keeping, safekeeping,
                             collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other
                             administrative services.
                             Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets,
                             reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other assets,
                             as well as the portion of investments (including investments in jointly
                             controlled corporations and associates) and investments on account of
                             segregated fund policyholders not included within consolidated assets
                             under management and advisement.
Fee-related earnings         Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and Power Sustainable                         This measure is presented for the alternative asset
(of alternative asset        and includes management fees and fee-related performance revenues                          investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable,
investment platforms)        earned across all asset classes, less investment platform expenses which                   and is used to assess the profitability from their asset
                             include i) fee-related compensation including salary, bonus, and                           management activities. This financial measure provides
                             benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related performance revenues                     insight as to whether recurring revenues from
                             represents the realized portion of performance revenues from                               management fees and fee-related performance
                             perpetual capital vehicles that are i) measured and expected to be                         revenues, which are not based on future realization
                             received on a recurring basis, ii) not dependent on realization events                     events, are sufficient to cover associated operating
                             from underlying investments, and iii) not subject to clawback. Fee-                        expenses.
                             related earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis, including non-
                             controlling interests.
                             Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based compensation expenses,
                             ii) amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                             iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses, iv) net interest, and
                             v) other items that in management’s judgment are not indicative of
                             underlying operating performance of the alternative asset investment
                             platforms, which include restructuring costs, transaction and integration
                             costs related to business acquisitions and certain non-recurring material
                             items.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Non-IFRS ratio                Definition                                                                             Purpose
                                       Adjusted net earnings         Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net earnings.                             Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings on a per
                                         per share                   Adjusted net earnings divided by the weighted average number of                        share basis; refer to “Adjusted net earnings” definition




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                     participating shares outstanding.                                                      above.
                                       Adjusted net asset value      Adjusted net asset value calculated on a per share basis.                              Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net asset
                                         per share                   Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of participating shares                 value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted net asset
                                                                     outstanding at the end of the reporting period.                                        value” definition above.


                                       These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
                                       other entities.

                                       RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
                                       Adjusted Net Earnings
                                       The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
                                       in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
                                       Earnings”:
                                                                                                                                                                    March 31,            December 31,         March 31,
                                       Three months ended                                                                                                               2026                   2025               2025

                                       Adjusted net earnings - Non-IFRS financial measure ¹                                                                               905                   867                787

                                       Share of Adjustments ² , net of tax
                                         Great West                                                                                                                        (44)                 (174)             (118)
                                         IGM                                                                                                                                 (1)                 13                    (2)
                                         GBL                                                                                                                                 −                  (180)                  22
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                      (40)                 (118)              (12)
                                         Corporate operations and Other                                                                                                      −                     −                   12
                                                                                                                                                                           (85)                 (459)              (98)
                                       Net earnings - IFRS financial measure ¹                                                                                            820                   408                689
                                       1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
                                       2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more details on Adjustments from Great West, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and Corporate operations and Other.




                                             A  66                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,       March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2026          2025             2025

Great West ¹
  Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                                21             (58)             (77)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    (10)            16               15
  Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                   1            (20)             (29)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       1              1                7
  Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax) ²                                                                              (29)            (61)              (9)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       7            12                 2
  Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets (pre-tax)                                                        (31)            (34)             (35)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                       8              9              10
  Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                                                         3              −               −
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      (3)             −                −
                                                                                                                                     (32)           (135)           (116)
   Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) ³                                                                                               (12)            (39)              (2)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     −              −                 −
                                                                                                                                     (44)           (174)           (118)
IGM ¹
  Gain on partial sales of investment in associates (pre-tax)                                                                          −             28                 −
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −             (12)               −
  Share of Great West adjustments (pre-tax)                                                                                            −              (3)              (2)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −               −                −
                                                                                                                                       −             13                (2)
   Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) ³                                                                                                 (1)            −                 −
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     −               −                −
                                                                                                                                       (1)           13                (2)
GBL
  Imerys impairment and other charges (pre-tax and post-tax)                                                                           −            (155)               −
  Loss on partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio and
    Sienna Investment Managers (pre-tax and post-tax)                                                                                  −             (25)               −
  Affidea's gain on debt modification (pre-tax and post-tax)                                                                           −               −              22
                                                                                                                                       −            (180)             22
Sagard and Power Sustainable
  Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                                          (40)           (116)             (14)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      −              (2)               2
                                                                                                                                     (40)           (118)             (12)
Corporate operations and Other
  LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       −               −              12
                                                                                                                                     (85)           (459)             (98)
1 As reported by Great West and IGM.
2 Business transformation and other impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as restructuring and integration costs.
3 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
  common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Great West and IGM.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjusted Net Asset Value
                                       The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
                                       Asset Value”:
                                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                      2026          2025

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
                                           Share capital – participating shares                                                                                                                     9,107          9,159
                                           Retained earnings                                                                                                                                       11,804         11,674
                                           Reserves                                                                                                                                                 2,170          2,249
                                                                                                                                                                                                   23,081         23,082
                                       Fair value adjustments 1
                                           Great West                                                                                                                                              22,882         24,910
                                           IGM                                                                                                                                                      5,416          4,807
                                           GBL                                                                                                                                                       (327)           (600)
                                           Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                                                                             2,378          2,324
                                           Other investments 2                                                                                                                                           9              3
                                                                                                                                                                                                   30,358         31,444
                                       Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                                                       53,439         54,526

                                       Per share 3
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                                                                              36.52          36.31
                                       Adjusted net asset value                                                                                                                                     84.54          85.77
                                       1 Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value adjustments.
                                       2 Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
                                       3 Attributable to participating shareholders.


                                       Consolidated Assets Under Management and Advisement, and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31,   December 31,
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                                                                       2026          2025

                                       Total consolidated assets under management and advisement                                                                                                    1,450          1,433
                                       Assets under administration only                                                                                                                             2,268          2,267
                                                                                                                                                                                                    3,718          3,700
                                       Other assets on balance sheets                                                                                                                                 268            271
                                       Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                                                                                                    3,986          3,971

                                           of which: total balance sheet assets                                                                                                                       930            926




                                              A  68                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power




                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                                 March 31,   December 31,    March 31,
Three months ended                                                                                                                   2026          2025          2025
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of
 Power Corporation - IFRS financial measure                                                                                          820            408          689
Excluding:
   Contribution to net earnings from Great West                                                                                     (802)           (649)       (580)
   Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                                                            (172)           (191)       (147)
   Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                                                             (20)           195          (25)
   Contribution to net earnings from Great West, IGM and GBL                                                                        (994)           (645)       (752)
   Contribution to net earnings from Corporate operations and Other ¹                                                                116            124             85
Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
 Investment Platforms and Other                                                                                                      (58)           (113)           22
Excluding:
   Investing activities                                                                                                               43            116          (32)
Contribution to net earnings from Asset Management Activities                                                                        (15)              3         (10)

Adjustments:
Sagard
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                                           (4)            (3)           (8)
   Loss (earnings) from private wealth platform and other
    asset management activities                                                                                                         1              −            −
   Net carried interest                                                                                                                (6)           (10)           (4)
   Share-based compensation                                                                                                             5              1            6
   Amortization of intangibles                                                                                                          4              4            1
   Acquisition-related costs ²                                                                                                          4              5            2
   Change in fair value of NCI liabilities                                                                                             (2)            (3)           −
   Income taxes and other                                                                                                              (4)           (12)           (1)
Power Sustainable
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                                           (1)            (4)           (2)
   Loss (earnings) from development and asset management
    activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP                                                                     7              9            (2)
   Net carried interest                                                                                                                (3)           (12)           3
   Share-based compensation                                                                                                             −              1             −
   Other                                                                                                                                −              1             −
                                                                                                                                        1            (23)           (5)
Fee-related earnings (loss) - Non-IFRS financial measure                                                                             (14)            (20)        (15)
Sagard                                                                                                                                 (7)            (9)           (8)
Power Sustainable                                                                                                                      (7)           (11)           (7)
1 Certain comparatives have been reclassified to conform with the current presentation.
2 Includes transaction and restructuring costs, and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OTHER MEASURES

                                       This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Term                               Definition
                                       Assets under management and        Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
                                        administration                    group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                                                          managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                                                          consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                                                          administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:
                                         Assets under management          AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
                                          and advisement (AUM&A)          and Mackenzie Investments. In IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
                                          of IGM                          Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                                                          and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                                                          institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                                                          responsibilities.
                                                                          Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                                                          of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.
                                         Assets under management          Represents IGM’s AUM&A excluding non-fee‑bearing assets which are institutional client assets for
                                          and advisement excluding        which IGM does not earn ongoing advisory fees. IGM includes these assets in its AUM&A for reporting
                                          non-fee-bearing assets          completeness but they do not contribute to its recurring fee revenue.
                                          (AUM&A excluding non-fee-
                                          bearing assets) of IGM
                                         Assets under management          AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
                                          and advisement including        strategic investments, based on IGM’s interest in the strategic investments. The strategic investments
                                          strategic investments           included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
                                          (AUM&A including SI) of IGM     interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include
                                                                          assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for investment purposes and only
                                                                          receiving administrative services.
                                         Assets under management of       Assets under management of investment platforms include:
                                          alternative asset investment       Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
                                          platforms                             commitments and permanent leverage;
                                                                             Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                                                             Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                                                                within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.
                                        Assets under administration of    Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
                                         Wealthsimple                     client assets in which investment management services are provided.
                                       Book value per                     Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
                                        participating share               participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

                                       Capital commitments                Represents the total amount of capital that a limited partner investor has contractually agreed to
                                                                          contribute to an investment fund over the life of the fund. A commitment to an investment fund is a
                                                                          legally binding obligation and represents the maximum capital the fund manager can call from the
                                                                          investor over the investment period.

                                       Carried interest                   Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                                                          the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                                                          predetermined hurdle return.
                                       Fee-bearing capital                Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                                                             Total capital commitments of venture capital, private equity, and certain private credit funds during
                                                                                the investment period;
                                                                             Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                                                                separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                                                             Net asset value of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including direct investments in energy
                                                                                assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                                                             Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                                                                within the real estate platform.
                                       Market capitalization              Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                                                          in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.




                                              A  70                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Term                                  Definition
Net asset value                       On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
 reported by GBL                      assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its




                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                      gross cash and its treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                         GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,
                                             investments in private entities are measured using the recommendations of the International
                                             Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines, and recent investments are valued at
                                             their acquisition cost, provided that these valuations represent GBL management’s best estimate.
                                         GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                             provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.
                                         Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the fair value of the acquired management
                                             companies.
                                      For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                      (www.gbl.com).
Net asset value of                    Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
 investment funds                     net of any liabilities.

Net carried interest                  Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                      the vesting period.

Unfunded commitments                  Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                      some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions for funds currently in the investment
                                      period, which are recallable by the fund.
Weighted average                      Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
 management fee rate                  asset classes during the period.
                                      Management fees earned during the period are divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds,
                                      co-investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees
                                      include retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                      fundraising closes.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                A  71
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ABBREVIATIONS

                                       The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       adidas                       adidas AG                                                 Portage Ventures II                         Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
                                       Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                        Portage Ventures III                        Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
                                       Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms                    Portage Ventures IV                         Portage Ventures IV Limited Partnership
                                         investment platforms or                                                              Portage Ventures Funds                      Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II,
                                         Investment platforms                                                                                                               Portage Ventures III and Portage Ventures IV
                                       BEX                          BEX Capital SAS                                           Potentia or Potentia Renewables             Potentia Renewables Inc.
                                       BEX II                       BEX Fund II S.L.P.                                        Power Financial                             Power Financial Corporation
                                       BEX III                      BEX Fund III S.L.P.                                       Power group                                 The Corporation and the subsidiaries and
                                       BEX IV                       BEX Fund IV S.L.P.                                                                                       affiliated companies of the Corporation
                                       BEX V                        BEX Fund V S.L.P.                                         Power Sustainable                           Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                                       Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                         Power Sustainable Decarb PE                 Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity
                                       Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                      Power Sustainable Energy or                 Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Inc.
                                       ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                            Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Concentrix                   Concentrix Corporation                                      Infrastructure
                                       Conquest                     Conquest Planning Inc.                                    Power Sustainable                           Power Sustainable Infrastructure
                                       Diagram                      Diagram Corporation                                         Infrastructure Credit                       Credit Manager, LP
                                       Diagram ClimateTech          Diagram ClimateTech Fund LP                               Power Sustainable Lios                      Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
                                       Diagram Funds                Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II,                  Power Sustainable Manager or PSM            Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
                                                                       Diagram Ventures III, Diagram ClimateTech,             PSEIP                                       Power Sustainable Energy
                                                                       Diagram Opportunity                                                                                   Infrastructure Partnership
                                       Diagram Opportunity          Diagram Opportunity Fund I LP                             PVC I                                       Performance Venture Capital, LP
                                       Diagram Ventures I           Diagram Ventures LP                                       PVC II                                      Performance Venture Capital II, LP
                                       Diagram Ventures II          Diagram Ventures II LP                                    PVC III                                     Performance Venture Capital III, LP
                                       Diagram Ventures III         Diagram Ventures III LP                                   PVC IV                                      Performance Venture Capital IV, LP
                                       EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                         PVC V                                       Performance Venture Capital V, LP
                                       Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America              PVC VI                                      Performance Venture Capital VI, LP
                                       EPA                          Euronext Paris                                            PVC SOF                                     Performance Venture Capital Special
                                       EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                                                                                  Opportunities Fund I, LP
                                       Franklin Templeton           Franklin Resources, Inc.                                  Rayner                                      Rayner Surgical Group
                                       Frère Group                  Groupe Frère / Compagnie Nationale à Portefeuille         Rockefeller                                 Rockefeller Capital Management
                                       FVOCI                        Fair value through other comprehensive income             Sagard                                      Sagard Holdings Inc.
                                       FVPL                         Fair value through profit or loss                         Sagard CLO Equity                           Sagard CLO Equity Fund LP
                                       GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                  Sagard Credit Partners I                    Sagard Credit Partners, LP
                                       GMT                          Global Minimum Tax                                        Sagard Credit Partners II                   Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
                                       Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                             Sagard Credit Partners III                  Sagard Credit Partners III, LP
                                       Great West                   Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                    Sagard Healthcare Partners                  Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
                                       HalseyPoint                  HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                         Sagard MidCap                               Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
                                       IASB                         International Accounting Standards Board                                                                Sagard MidCap 4
                                       IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)        Sagard MidCap II                            Sagard II-A FPCI and Sagard II-B FPCI
                                                                       Accounting Standards, as issued by the IASB            Sagard MidCap 3                             Sagard 3 FPCI
                                       IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                        Sagard MidCap 4                             Sagard 4A FPCI and Sagard 4 FIPS
                                       IG Wealth Management         IGWM Inc.                                                 Sagard NewGen                               Sagard NewGen FPCI
                                       Imerys                       Imerys SA                                                 Sagard NewGen 2                             Sagard NewGen 2 FPCI
                                       Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                                  Sagard Private Credit                       Sagard Private Credit LP
                                       Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                                 Sagard Private Equity Canada                Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
                                       LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                                   or SPEC
                                       Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                           Sagard Private Equity Strategies            Sagard Private Equity Strategies LP
                                          Mackenzie Investments                                                               Sagard Senior Lending Partners              Sagard Senior Lending Partners
                                       Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                                  or SSLP                                     Holdings (I and II) LP, and
                                       NCIB                         Normal Course Issuer Bid                                                                                Sagard Senior Lending Partners
                                       Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                                            Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
                                       Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                            Sanoptis                                    Sanoptis AG
                                       PanAgora                     PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.                           SGS                                         SGS SA
                                       Pargesa                      Pargesa SA                                                SHMI                                        Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
                                       Parjointco                   Parjointco SA                                             SIX                                         Swiss Stock Exchange
                                       Parques Reunidos             Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.                SPES                                        Sagard Private Equity Solutions
                                       PDI III                      Performance Direct Investments III, LP                    TSARs                                       Tandem Share Appreciation Rights
                                       PDI IV                       Performance Direct Investments IV, LP                     TSX                                         Toronto Stock Exchange
                                       PDI V                        Performance Direct Investments V, LP                      Umicore                                     Umicore, NV/SA
                                       Peak                         Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                           Unigestion                                  Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA
                                       PEM                          Performance Equity Management, LLC                        USPF                                        GWL U.S. Property Fund LP
                                       Pernod Ricard                Pernod Ricard SA                                          Wealthsimple                                Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                                       Portage Capital Solutions    Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP                       XETR                                        XETRA Stock Exchange
                                       Portage Ventures I           Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership




                                             A  72                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                               2026                                                 2025                                    2024
                                                                                 Q1            Q4             Q3            Q2        Q1        Q4        Q3       Q2        Q1
Insurance revenue                                                           5,699          5,690         5,594         5,551       5,486    5,399      5,292    5,273    5,250
Net investment income                                                       2,738          2,887         2,793         2,459       2,469    2,931      2,365    2,548    2,516
Change in FVPL on investments                                              (2,031)            (30)       1,780         1,085       1,406    (2,886)    6,944    (848)    (1,333)
Fee income and other revenues                                               3,454          3,501         3,371         3,255       3,169    3,201      2,939    2,935    2,729
Total revenues                                                              9,860        12,048        13,538        12,350       12,530    8,645     17,540    9,908    9,162

Net earnings 1                                                                 820           408           703            772       689       933       371      730        709
  per share – basic                                                           1.29          0.64           1.10          1.20       1.07      1.44      0.58     1.12      1.09
  per share – diluted                                                         1.27          0.62           1.07          1.19       1.05      1.43      0.56     1.12      1.08

Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                      820           408           703            772       689       933       371      730        758
  per share – basic                                                           1.29          0.64           1.10          1.20       1.07      1.44      0.58     1.12      1.17
  per share – diluted                                                         1.27          0.62           1.07          1.19       1.05      1.43      0.56     1.12      1.16
                           123
Adjusted net earnings                                                          905           867           863            883       787       829       693      739        710
  per share – basic 2                                                         1.43          1.36           1.35          1.38       1.22      1.28      1.07     1.14      1.09
Adjustments 2 3 4                                                               (85)        (459)         (160)          (111)       (98)     104       (322)      (9)       48
  per share – basic 2                                                        (0.14)        (0.72)         (0.25)        (0.18)     (0.15)     0.16     (0.49)   (0.02)     0.08
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
2 Adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings per share, and adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial
  measures or non-IFRS ratios. Adjusted net earnings for the first quarter of 2024 is determined based on net earnings from continuing operations. For a definition of these
  non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
3 GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
  Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
4 The Corporation’s share of Adjustments is as follows:

                                                                               2026                                                 2025                                   2024
                                                                                 Q1             Q4            Q3            Q2        Q1        Q4        Q3       Q2        Q1
   Great West
     Pre-tax                                                                    (47)        (212)           (75)         (234)      (152)      (23)     (171)     (29)      11
     Tax effect                                                                    3           38            18             66       34          9        28        6       20
                                                                                (44)        (174)           (57)         (168)      (118)      (14)     (143)     (23)      31
   IGM
     Pre-tax                                                                      (1)          25             (1)           10        (2)        −        (3)      (3)       −
     Tax effect                                                                   −           (12)             −            (2)        −        19         −        −         1
                                                                                  (1)          13             (1)            8        (2)       19        (3)      (3)        1
   GBL
     Pre-tax                                                                      −         (180)           (67)             −       22          −       (44)       −        −
     Tax effect                                                                   −              −             −             −         −         −         −        −        −
                                                                                  −         (180)           (67)             −       22          −       (44)       −        −
   Sagard and Power Sustainable
     Pre-tax                                                                    (40)        (116)           (36)            38       (14)      (24)      (38)      (4)      26
     Tax effect                                                                   −             (2)            1            11         2        12         3        −        (1)
                                                                                (40)        (118)           (35)            49       (12)      (12)      (35)      (4)      25
   Corporate operations and Other 1
     Pre-tax                                                                      −              −             −             −         −       111       (97)     16        (12)
     Tax effect                                                                   −              −             −             −       12          −         −        5         3
                                                                                  −              −             −             −       12        111       (97)     21         (9)
                                                                                (85)        (459)          (160)         (111)       (98)      104      (322)      (9)      48

1 Includes Adjustments related to the Corporation’s investments in LMPG, Peak and Lion, previously presented as Standalone businesses. Comparative amounts have been
  reclassified to conform with the current presentation.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      A  73
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (unaudited)                                                                                                                           March 31,   December 31,
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                        2026           2025

                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              15,023         14,366
                                       Investments [Note 4]
                                          Bonds                                                                                                                             174,514         174,867
                                          Mortgage and other loans                                                                                                           43,934          44,045
                                          Shares                                                                                                                             22,080          22,344
                                          Investment properties                                                                                                               8,654           8,493
                                                                                                                                                                            249,182         249,749
                                       Insurance contract assets [Note 7]                                                                                                     1,591           1,571
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 7]                                                                                             16,446          16,850
                                       Funds held on behalf of clients                                                                                                       26,173          24,320
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                       2,098           2,290
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                 8,077           8,135
                                       Owner-occupied properties and capital assets                                                                                           6,775           6,544
                                       Other assets                                                                                                                          27,080          26,641
                                       Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                    2,495           2,408
                                       Intangible assets                                                                                                                      7,043           7,031
                                       Goodwill                                                                                                                              14,757          14,661
                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 6]                                                                     553,536         551,169
                                       Total assets                                                                                                                         930,276         925,735

                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                              160,315         161,644
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                       89,625          89,042
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 7]                                                                                           892             919
                                       Client funds payable                                                                                                                  27,796          25,793
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                 4,785           4,815
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments [Note 8]                                                                       647             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments of:
                                          Power Financial, Great West and IGM [Note 9A]                                                                                      11,420          11,354
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other [Note 9B]                                                                                   4,397           4,146
                                       Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                       2,566           2,438
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                     27,676          27,299
                                       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                               1,445           1,421
                                       Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 7]                                                              69,650          70,418
                                       Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                     483,886         480,751
                                       Total liabilities                                                                                                                    885,100         880,687

                                       Equity
                                       Share capital [Note 10]
                                         Non-participating shares                                                                                                             1,350           1,350
                                         Participating shares                                                                                                                 9,107           9,159
                                       Retained earnings                                                                                                                     11,804          11,674
                                       Reserves                                                                                                                               2,170           2,249
                                       Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                            24,431          24,432
                                       Non-controlling interests                                                                                                             20,745          20,616
                                       Total equity                                                                                                                          45,176          45,048
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                         930,276         925,735




                                             A  74                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                     Three months ended March 31,
(unaudited)
[in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                                                        2026                    2025

Insurance service result
Insurance revenue [Note 14]                                                                                                       5,699                   5,486
Insurance service expenses                                                                                                       (4,299)                 (4,276)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                                             (438)                   (430)
Total insurance service result                                                                                                      962                     780

Net investment result
Net investment income [Note 4]                                                                                                    2,738                   2,469
Changes in fair value through profit or loss [Note 4]                                                                            (2,031)                  1,406
                                                                                                                                    707                   3,875
Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                              197                  (1,426)
Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                             45                    (139)
Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                          (50)                 (1,608)
Net investment result                                                                                                               899                     702

Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
Net investment income (loss)                                                                                                         45                    (250)
Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                              (45)                    250
Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                -                       -

Other revenues
Fee income                                                                                                                       3,210                    2,947
Other                                                                                                                              244                      222
Total fee income and other revenues                                                                                              3,454                    3,169

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses                                                                                            3,449                    3,230
Financing charges                                                                                                                  204                      218
Total other expenses                                                                                                             3,653                    3,448
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates, and income taxes                                                                                               1,662                    1,203
Share of earnings of investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates [Note 5]                                                                                                          100                      115
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                     1,762                    1,318
Income taxes [Note 16]                                                                                                             348                      196
Net earnings                                                                                                                     1,414                    1,122


Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                                                                       574                      420
   Non-participating shareholders                                                                                                   20                       13
   Participating shareholders                                                                                                      820                      689
                                                                                                                                 1,414                    1,122


Earnings per participating share [Note 18]
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
  Basic                                                                                                                           1.29                     1.07
  Diluted                                                                                                                         1.27                     1.05




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                        A  75
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                       Three months ended March 31,
                                       (unaudited)
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                               2026                  2025

                                       Net earnings                                                                                                                               1,414                     1,122

                                       Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                         Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                                         Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
                                            Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                              (116)                       71
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                           24                       (16)
                                            Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                                        9                        1
                                              Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                            (1)                        -
                                                                                                                                                                                    (84)                       56

                                          Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
                                            Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                                  (31)                    61
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                              (2)                  (17)
                                            Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                                          (2)                  (58)
                                               Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                               1                    16
                                                                                                                                                                                       (34)                     2

                                          Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
                                           of foreign operations
                                            Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                                                                                   178                    352
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                             (8)                      -
                                            Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments in foreign operations                                                                (7)                  (138)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                              4                     11
                                                                                                                                                                                       167                    225

                                          Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments in jointly controlled
                                           corporations and associates                                                                                                                  88                    180

                                          Total - items that may be reclassified                                                                                                       137                    463

                                          Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                                          Unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments                                                                                        (12)                   (47)
                                          Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments in jointly controlled
                                           corporations and associates                                                                                                             (231)                     (172)

                                          Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                                             67                     24
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                (8)                    (7)
                                                                                                                                                                                        59                     17

                                          Total - items that will not be reclassified                                                                                              (184)                     (202)

                                       Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                               (47)                   261

                                       Comprehensive income                                                                                                                       1,367                     1,383


                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                 616                       528
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                                                                             20                        13
                                          Participating shareholders                                                                                                                731                       842
                                                                                                                                                                                  1,367                     1,383




                                             A  76                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                  Share capital                                                             Reserves
Three months ended                                                                                                                  Other
March 31, 2026                                        Non-                                                                  comprehensive                    Non-
(unaudited)                                   participating       Participating         Retained        Share-based               income               controlling        Total
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                    shares              shares         earnings       compensation             [Note 17]      Total     interests       equity

Balance, beginning of year                          1,350               9,159            11,674                   325             1,924      2,249       20,616        45,048
Net earnings                                            -                   -               840                     -                 -          -          574         1,414
Other comprehensive
 income (loss)                                             -                   -               -                      -              (89)       (89)         42           (47)
Comprehensive income                                       -                   -             840                      -              (89)       (89)        616         1,367

Subordinate voting shares
  purchased and cancelled
  under Normal Course
  Issuer Bid [Note 10]                                     -                (59)            (202)                     -                -          -             -        (261)
Dividends to shareholders
    Non-participating shares                               -                   -             (20)                     -                -          -             -         (20)
    Participating shares                                   -                   -            (422)                     -                -          -             -        (422)
Dividends and other
  equity distributions to
  non-controlling interests                                -                   -                 -                    -                -          -         (307)        (307)
Expense for share-based
  compensation [Note 11]                                   -                  -                  -                  15                 -         15           15             30
Stock options exercised                                    -                  7                  -                 (14)                -        (14)          14              7
Realized losses on FVOCI equity
  instruments transferred to
  retained earnings                                        -                   -              (13)                    -              13         13              -             -
Effects of changes in
  capital and ownership of
  subsidiaries, and other                               -                   -               (53)                    -                (4)        (4)        (209)         (266)
Balance, end of period                              1,350               9,107            11,804                   326             1,844      2,170       20,745        45,176



                                                                  Share capital                                                             Reserves
Three months ended                                                                                                                  Other
March 31, 2025                                        Non-                                                                  comprehensive                    Non-
(unaudited)                                   participating       Participating         Retained        Share-based               income               controlling        Total
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                    shares              shares         earnings       compensation             [Note 17]      Total     interests       equity

Balance, beginning of year                             950              9,236            11,364                   327             2,003      2,330       20,106        43,986
Net earnings                                             -                  -               702                     -                 -          -          420         1,122
Other comprehensive income                               -                  -                 -                     -               153        153          108           261
Comprehensive income                                     -                  -               702                     -               153        153          528         1,383

Subordinate voting shares
  purchased and cancelled
  under Normal Course
  Issuer Bid [Note 10]                                     -                (45)              (90)                    -                -          -             -        (135)
Dividends to shareholders
    Non-participating shares                               -                   -             (13)                     -                -          -             -         (13)
    Participating shares                                   -                   -            (394)                     -                -          -             -        (394)
Dividends to non-controlling
  interests                                                -                   -                 -                    -                -          -         (279)        (279)
Expense for share-based
  compensation [Note 11]                                   -                  -                  -                  14                 -         14            9             23
Stock options exercised                                    -                 27                  -                 (20)                -        (20)          18             25
Realized gains on FVOCI equity
  instruments transferred to
  retained earnings                                        -                   -               46                     -              (46)       (46)            -             -
Effects of changes in
  capital and ownership of
  subsidiaries, and other                                -                  -               (59)                    -                (6)        (6)         (86)         (151)
Balance, end of period                                 950              9,218            11,556                   321             2,104      2,425       20,296        44,445




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      A  77
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                           Three months ended March 31,
                                       (unaudited)
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                                   2026                   2025

                                       Operating activities
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                    1,762                    1,318
                                       Income tax paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                         (259)                    (229)
                                       Adjusting items
                                          Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                    (1,489)                     667
                                          Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                     (650)                   1,847
                                          Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                                (29)                     (26)
                                          Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                     570                      466
                                          Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                            (12)                     (65)
                                          Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                 2,031                   (1,406)
                                          Great West’s insurance and investment contract-related activities
                                             Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                                         14,317                    13,181
                                             Purchases of investments                                                                                                               (13,411)                  (14,446)
                                          Other                                                                                                                                        (952)                    (1,584)
                                                                                                                                                                                      1,878                       (277)
                                       Financing activities
                                       Dividends paid
                                          By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and other equity distributions                                                                      (290)                 (279)
                                          Non-participating shares                                                                                                                          (16)                  (13)
                                          Participating shares                                                                                                                             (389)                 (363)
                                                                                                                                                                                           (695)                 (655)
                                       Issuance of equity
                                          Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 10]                                                                                                  7                     25
                                          Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                      158                    111
                                       Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                     135                    136
                                       Repurchase or redemption of equity
                                          Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid [Note 10]                                                (261)                 (135)
                                          Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                                      (373)                 (192)
                                       Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                                    (65)                  (33)
                                       Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                                                -                    (3)
                                       Changes in Consolidated investment funds and Other’s debt instruments [Note 9B]
                                          Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                                354                   143
                                          Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                               (134)                 (168)
                                       Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                                                                       (26)                  (28)
                                       Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                   381                   285
                                       Repayment of obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                 (409)                 (285)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                (19)                 (484)
                                                                                                                                                                                           (947)               (1,283)
                                       Investing activities
                                       Sales maturities and repayment of investments                                                                                                        815                   620
                                       Purchases of investments                                                                                                                            (900)                 (618)
                                       Distribution and proceeds from disposal of investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates [Note 5]                                                                                                                           4                     478
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 5]                                                                            (52)                    (42)
                                       Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                  (48)                       -
                                       Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                                              (173)                   (132)
                                                                                                                                                                                        (354)                    306
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   80                      89
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  657                  (1,165)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                   14,366                  13,744
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                                       15,023                  12,579

                                       Net cash from operating activities includes
                                       Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                 2,390                    2,264
                                       Interest paid                                                                                                                                     317                      297




                                             A  78                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)

Note 1      Corporate Information                                           79            Note 10          Share Capital                                                  91
Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                                 Note 11          Share-Based Compensation                                       93
              Accounting Policies                                           80            Note 12          Capital Management                                             95
Note 3      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions                    82            Note 13          Risk Management                                                97
Note 4      Investments                                                     83            Note 14          Insurance Revenue                                             103
Note 5      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                                Note 15          Restructuring Expenses                                        103
              and Associates                                                84
                                                                                          Note 16          Income Taxes                                                  104
Note 6      Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities                  85
                                                                                          Note 17          Other Comprehensive Income                                    105
Note 7      Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held 86
                                                                                          Note 18          Earnings Per Share                                            106
Note 8      Power Corporation’s Debentures and
              Other Debt Instruments                                        87            Note 19          Fair Value Measurement                                        107

Note 9      Non-Recourse Debentures and                                                   Note 20          Segmented Information                                         112
             Other Debt Instruments                                         88



The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

Canada Life                 The Canada Life Assurance Company                               OSFI                             Office of the Superintendent of Financial
                                                                                                                              Institutions
ChinaAMC                    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            PAA                              Premium allocation approach
CSM                         Contractual service margin
                                                                                            Parjointco                       Parjointco SA
Empower                     Empower Annuity Insurance Company
                             of America                                                     Portage Ventures I               Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
FVOCI                       Fair value through other comprehensive income                   Portage Ventures II              Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
FVPL                        Fair value through profit or loss                               Portage Ventures III             Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
GBL                         Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                                        Power Corporation or             Power Corporation of Canada
                                                                                             the Corporation
Great West                  Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                                                            Power Financial                  Power Financial Corporation
IFRS                        International Financial Reporting Standards
                                                                                            Power Sustainable                Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
IGM or IGM Financial        IGM Financial Inc.
                                                                                            Rockefeller                      Rockefeller Capital Management
IG Wealth Management        IGWM Inc.
                                                                                            Sagard                           Sagard Holdings Inc.
LMPG                        LMPG Inc.
                                                                                            SHMI                             Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
Mackenzie or                Mackenzie Financial Corporation
 Mackenzie Investments                                                                      TSX                              Toronto Stock Exchange
Northleaf                   Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                    Wealthsimple                     Wealthsimple Financial Corp.




NOTE 1 CORPORATE INFORMATION

Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and
for the three months ended March 31, 2026 were approved by its Board of Directors on May 12, 2026.




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                        A  79
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       BASIS OF PRESENTATION
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation as at March 31, 2026 have been prepared in accordance with International
                                       Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting (IAS 34) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
                                       (IASB) using the same accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation
                                       for the year ended December 31, 2025 except as described in the section Changes in Accounting Policies below. The financial
                                       statements should be read in conjunction with the Corporation’s December 31, 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements and
                                       notes thereto.
                                       The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
                                       elimination of intercompany transactions and balances, and consolidation adjustments.
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
                                       issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Great West and IGM Financial, which are both public companies.
                                       The amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements
                                       of earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
                                       statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
                                       cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Great West and IGM Financial,
                                       all as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2026. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial statements are
                                       derived from the notes to the financial statements of Great West and IGM Financial.

                                       SUBSIDIARIES
                                       Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
                                       over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
                                       returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
                                       being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
                                       The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
                                       or more of the elements of control.

                                       JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                       Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
                                       Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
                                       policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
                                       for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
                                       comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
                                       In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
                                       capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates at FVPL.




                                           A  80                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2        BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES

The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                  % equity interest
                                                                                                                                                 March 31,    December 31,
Corporation                                            Classification        Incorporated             Primary business operation                    2026            2025

Holding company
Power Corporation of Canada                            Parent                Canada                   Holding company
Power Financial Corporation                            Subsidiary            Canada                   Holding company                              100.0              100.0
Publicly traded companies
Great-West Lifeco Inc. 1                               Subsidiary            Canada                   Financial services holding company            71.1               71.1
  The Canada Life Assurance Company                    Subsidiary            Canada                   Insurance and wealth management              100.0              100.0
  Irish Life Group Limited                             Subsidiary            Ireland                  Insurance and wealth management              100.0              100.0
  Empower Annuity Insurance                            Subsidiary            United States            Financial services                           100.0              100.0
   Company of America
IGM Financial Inc. 2                                   Subsidiary            Canada                   Wealth and asset management                   67.3               66.8
  IG Wealth Management                                 Subsidiary            Canada                   Financial services                           100.0              100.0
  Mackenzie Financial Corporation                      Subsidiary            Canada                   Asset management company                     100.0              100.0
    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                   Associate             China                    Asset management company                      27.8               27.8
    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. 3                     Associate             Canada                   Alternative asset manager                     70.0               70.0
  Rockefeller Capital Management                       Associate             United States            Financial services                            17.2               17.2
Parjointco SA                                          Joint control         Belgium                  Holding company                               50.0               50.0
  Groupe Bruxelles Lambert 4                           Subsidiary            Belgium                  Holding company                               34.2               34.2
Alternative asset investment platforms
  and other
Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                         Subsidiary            Canada                   Holding company                              100.0              100.0
  Power Sustainable Manager Inc. 5                     Subsidiary            Canada                   Alternative asset manager                     93.4               93.4
  Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure              Subsidiary            Canada                   Renewable energy fund                         41.0               41.2
   Partnership 6
  Potentia Renewables Inc.                             Subsidiary            Canada                   Renewable energy                             100.0              100.0
  Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                           Subsidiary            United States            Renewable energy                             100.0              100.0
  Power Sustainable Decarbonization                    Subsidiary            United States            Private equity fund                           67.7               67.7
   Private Equity 7
Sagard Holdings Inc.                                   Subsidiary            Canada                   Holding company                              100.0              100.0
  Sagard Holdings Management Inc. 8                    Subsidiary            Canada                   Alternative asset manager                     55.4               55.2
    BEX Capital SAS 9                                  Subsidiary            France                   Alternative asset manager                     45.0               45.0
    Performance Equity Management, LLC                 Subsidiary            United States            Alternative asset manager                    100.0              100.0
    HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                  Joint control         United States            Alternative asset manager                     40.0               40.0
  Wealthsimple Financial Corp. 10                      Subsidiary            Canada                   Financial services                            52.4               52.4
  Portag3 Ventures LP 11                               Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                         100.0              100.0
  Portag3 Ventures II LP 12                            Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                          27.9               27.9
  Portage Ventures III LP 13                           Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                          15.4               15.4
  Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP 14               Subsidiary            Canada                   Venture capital fund                          57.1               57.1
Other
  LMPG Inc.                                            Subsidiary            Canada                   Lighting solutions                            49.6               49.6
1 Power Financial holds a 68.6% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.5% equity interest in Great West (68.7% and 2.4%, respectively, at December 31, 2025).
2 Power Financial holds a 63.4% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 3.9% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.9% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2025).
3 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Great West.
4 Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds a 47.8% voting interest.
5 Power Corporation and Great West hold an equity interest of 73.0% and 20.4%, respectively, in Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
6 Power Corporation holds a 28.1% equity interest and Great West holds a 12.9% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (28.3% and 12.9%,
  respectively, at December 31, 2025).
7 The Corporation and Great West hold an equity interest of 39.5% and 28.2%, respectively, in Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity.
8 Power Corporation, Great West and GBL hold an equity interest of 44.6%, 10.8% and 4.1%, respectively, in SHMI (44.2%, 11.0% and 4.9%, respectively, at December 31,
  2025) (Note 3).
9 The Corporation, through SHMI, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 5.1% equity interest in BEX Capital SAS.
10 Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 13.9%, 9.6% and 28.9%, respectively, in Wealthsimple.
11 Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Great West and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
12 Power Financial, Great West and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
13 Sagard, Great West and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
14 Sagard and Great West hold an equity interest of 29.2% and 27.9%, respectively, in Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP.


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                 A  81
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2      BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7,
                                       Financial Instruments: Disclosures, effective January 1, 2026. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with
                                       environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic payment
                                       systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
                                       These amendments do not impact the financial statements of the Corporation, except as indicated below:
                                         The Corporation applied the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or part of a financial
                                           liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before the settlement date if specified
                                           criteria are met. The Corporation applied this election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems
                                           meeting the criteria.
                                         For cash settlement of financial liabilities that did not qualify for the election at period-end, the Corporation derecognized
                                           the associated liabilities on the settlement date. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the
                                           financial statements.
                                       These amendments are applied retrospectively and the comparative information has not been restated.

                                       USE OF SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant
                                       judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and the management of its subsidiaries are further
                                       described in the relevant accounting policies in the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto for
                                       the year ended December 31, 2025.

                                       FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries actively monitor changes in IFRS Accounting Standards, both proposed and released,
                                       by the IASB and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they
                                       become effective. There have been no new standards released or significant changes to the future accounting policies
                                       disclosed in the Corporation’s December 31, 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                       NOTE 3 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS

                                       GREAT WEST
                                       Sale of United Kingdom Onshore Bond Business
                                       On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K., a subsidiary of Great West, announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its
                                       onshore bond business to Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties
                                       entered into a reinsurance agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to
                                       Countrywide. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 million pre-tax, mainly
                                       driven by recognition of assets associated with the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities
                                       on account of segregated fund policyholders, with a carrying value of $2,645 million as at March 31, 2026 ($2,787 million as
                                       at December 31, 2025), are to be transferred to Countrywide pending court approval, which is expected to occur in 2026.

                                       SAGARD
                                       Subsequent Event
                                       Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA (Unigestion)
                                       On April 2, 2026, SHMI acquired 100% of the equity interest of Unigestion, a European middle-market private equity firm, and
                                       as a result, the Corporation will consolidate the private equity activities of Unigestion as of the acquisition date. The transaction
                                       is not expected to have a significant impact on the financial statements.
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2026, Sagard completed an equity financing round, raising capital of
                                       US$110 million, to partially fund the acquisition of Unigestion, of which the Corporation and Great West invested a combined
                                       US$68 million. The Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of SHMI subsequent to this equity financing round.




                                           A  82                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 4 INVESTMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:

                                                                                                                       March 31, 2026                               December 31, 2025
                                                                                                     Carrying                     Fair                  Carrying                  Fair
                                                                                                        value                    value                     value                 value

Bonds
  Designated as FVPL                                                                               158,334                     158,334                 159,124              159,124
  Classified as FVPL                                                                                 2,282                       2,282                   2,108                2,108
  FVOCI                                                                                             13,275                      13,275                  13,040               13,040
  Amortized cost                                                                                       623                         625                     595                  596
                                                                                                   174,514                     174,516                 174,867              174,868
Mortgage and other loans
  Designated as FVPL                                                                                 25,655                     25,655                  26,139                26,139
  Classified as FVPL                                                                                  6,407                      6,407                   6,350                 6,350
  FVOCI                                                                                                 268                        268                     269                   269
  Amortized cost                                                                                     11,604                     11,239                  11,287                10,964
                                                                                                     43,934                     43,569                  44,045                43,722
Shares
  Classified as FVPL                                                                                21,034                      21,034                  21,301               21,301
  Designated as FVOCI                                                                                1,046                       1,046                   1,043                1,043
                                                                                                    22,080                      22,080                  22,344               22,344
Investment properties                                                                                8,654                       8,654                   8,493                8,493
                                                                                                   249,182                     248,819                 249,749              249,427
N




NET INVESTMENT INCOME
                                                                                           Mortgage and                                  Investment
Three months ended March 31, 2026                                             Bonds          other loans                Shares            properties           Other             Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                                   1,878                    385                    145              144                  291         2,843
  Net realized losses on derecognition of:
      FVOCI assets                                                               (9)                      -                     -                -                    -             (9)
      Amortized cost assets                                                        -                    (3)                     -                -                    -             (3)
  Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                          -                     6                      -                -                    -              6
  Other income (expenses)                                                          -                     6                    (1)             (59)                 (45)           (99)
                                                                             1,869                    394                    144               85                  246          2,738
Changes in FVPL                                                             (1,997)                  (248)                   242               25                  (53)        (2,031)
Net investment income (loss)                                                  (128)                   146                    386              110                  193            707


                                                                                           Mortgage and                                  Investment
Three months ended March 31, 2025                                              Bonds         other loans                Shares            properties             Other           Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                                    1,803                   393                    145               140                 101         2,582
  Net realized losses on derecognition of:
      FVOCI assets                                                               (1)                    -                       -                 -                   -            (1)
  Net ECL recovery                                                                 -                    3                       -                 -                   -             3
  Other income (expenses)                                                          -                    3                     (1)              (52)                (65)         (115)
                                                                              1,802                   399                    144                88                  36         2,469
Changes in FVPL                                                                 704                   307                    204               (18)                209         1,406
Net investment income (loss)                                                  2,506                   706                    348                70                 245         3,875


Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount
amortization. Investment income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains
realized on deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income
earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease
cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment income
and expenses includes expenses incurred by investment properties, foreign exchange gains and losses and other
miscellaneous income.


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                                 A  83
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 5 INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:
                                                                                                                    Jointly controlled
                                                                                                                         corporations                                                              Associates
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2026                                     Parjointco         Other ¹        ChinaAMC             Northleaf        Rockefeller     Other ¹      Total

                                       Carrying value, beginning of year                                        3,291              390              1,712                472                481       1,789     8,135
                                         Acquisition and investments                                                  -               -                  -                 -                   -         52        52
                                         Share of earnings (losses)                                                20                 -                34                  7                 (2)          1        60
                                         Changes in FVPL                                                              -               -                  -                 -                   -         40        40
                                         Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                              (230)               3                 49                  -                  8          27      (143)
                                         Dividends and distributions                                                  -             (4)               (61)                 -                   -          -       (65)
                                         Effects of changes in ownership and other                                  (2)               -                  -                 -                   -          -         (2)
                                       Carrying value, end of period                                            3,079              389              1,734                479                487       1,909     8,077
                                       1 Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                         to be measured at FVPL of $1,549 million at March 31, 2026 ($1,452 million at December 31, 2025).



                                                                                                                    Jointly controlled
                                                                                                                         corporations                                                              Associates
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2025                                     Parjointco         Other ¹        ChinaAMC             Northleaf        Rockefeller     Other ¹      Total

                                       Carrying value, beginning of year                                        3,683              413              1,661                354                903       1,787     8,801
                                         Acquisition and investments                                                 -               2                   -                11                   -         40        53
                                         Disposal                                                                    -                -                  -                  -                  -          (5)       (5)
                                         Share of earnings (losses)                                                25                 -                30                  8                 (4)           9       68
                                         Changes in FVPL                                                             -                -                  -                  -                  -         47        47
                                         Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                               (10)               9                  7                   -                (1)           3         8
                                         Dividends and distributions                                                 -              (2)               (66)                  -                  -       (471)     (539)
                                         Effects of changes in ownership and other                                  7                 -                  -                (3)                  -          (3)        1
                                       Carrying value, end of period                                            3,705              422              1,632                370                898       1,407     8,434
                                       1 Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                         to be measured at FVPL of $1,034 million at March 31, 2025 ($950 million at December 31, 2024).




                                             A  84                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following presents details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
requirements of each region of Great West’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

CHANGES IN INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                                  2026                         2025

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                    551,169                      496,386
Additions (deductions):
  Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                        23,355                       17,442
  Net investment income                                                                                                                         1,084                         1,132
  Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                     5,630                         5,583
  Net unrealized capital losses on investments                                                                                                (14,497)                     (14,017)
  Unrealized gains due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                     3,068                         6,856
  Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                    (17,865)                     (20,032)
  Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                               2                           13
  Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                              (4)                            -
  Net transfer from general fund                                                                                                                     8                            6
  Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                          1,586                           254
                                                                                                                                                2,367                        (2,763)
Balance, end of period 1 2                                                                                                                    553,536                      493,623
1 At March 31, 2026, $55,295 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by Great West on a modified co-insurance basis
  ($58,675 million at December 31, 2025). Included in this amount are $647 million of cash and cash equivalents, $9,452 million of bonds, $15 million of shares and units in
  unit trusts, $45,121 million of mutual funds, $68 million of accrued income and $8 million of other liabilities.
2 At March 31, 2026, $2,645 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the balance sheets are expected to be transferred to Countrywide in
  2026 ($2,787 million at December 31, 2025) (Note 3). Included in this amount are $93 million of cash and cash equivalents, $2,578 million of shares and units in unit trusts
  and $26 million of other liabilities.


INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
(by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                                       March 31, 2026
                                                                                                               Level 1              Level 2               Level 3               Total

Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders 1                                                  403,755                134,742               17,296              555,793
1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,257 million.



                                                                                                                                                                    December 31, 2025
                                                                                                               Level 1              Level 2               Level 3               Total
                                                                               1
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                      402,281              139,230                 14,013            555,524
1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,355 million.


During the three months ended March 31, 2026, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $374 million were transferred from
Level 2 to Level 1 ($2,779 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2025), primarily based on
Great West’s change in use of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2
assets include the assets where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in
addition to quoted prices in active markets and where Great West does not have access to the underlying asset details within
an investment fund.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            A  85
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 6 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following presents additional information about Great West’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
                                       for which Great West has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                                                                                            March 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                               2026                    2025

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                            14,013                  13,354
                                         Total losses included in segregated fund investment income                                                                             (47)                   (450)
                                         Purchases                                                                                                                              177                   2,067
                                         Sales                                                                                                                                  (43)                 (1,066)
                                         Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                               3,350                     135
                                         Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                              (154)                    (27)
                                       Balance, end of period                                                                                                                17,296                  14,013


                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
                                       Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
                                       market prices with multiple pricing vendors.


                                       NOTE 7 INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD

                                       INSURANCE CONTRACT (ASSETS) LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                    Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                        Estimates of                       Risk
                                                                                                       present value               adjustment
                                                                                                            of future         for non-financial
                                       March 31, 2026                                                     cash flows                       risk           CSM                             PAA           Total

                                       Assets                                                                (7,053)                    1,527                   4,190                    (255)       (1,591)
                                       Liabilities                                                          131,538                     4,878                  10,069                  13,830       160,315
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders               69,650                         -                       -                        -       69,650
                                                                                                            194,135                     6,405                  14,259                  13,575       228,374



                                                                                                                                    Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                        Estimates of                       Risk
                                                                                                       present value               adjustment
                                                                                                            of future         for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2025                                                  cash flows                       risk           CSM                             PAA           Total

                                       Assets                                                                (7,185)                    1,549                   4,267                    (202)       (1,571)
                                       Liabilities                                                          132,620                     5,044                  10,130                  13,850       161,644
                                       Liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders               70,418                         -                       -                        -       70,418
                                                                                                            195,853                     6,593                  14,397                  13,648       230,491


                                       REINSURANCE CONTRACT HELD ASSETS (LIABILITIES)
                                                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                         Estimates of                       Risk
                                                                                                        present value               adjustment
                                                                                                             of future         for non-financial
                                       March 31, 2026                                                      cash flows                       risk           CSM                           PAA            Total

                                       Assets                                                                 15,255                        705                     304                  182         16,446
                                       Liabilities                                                            (2,587)                     1,096                     606                   (7)          (892)
                                                                                                              12,668                      1,801                     910                  175         15,554



                                                                                                                                     Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                                         Estimates of                       Risk
                                                                                                        present value               adjustment
                                                                                                             of future         for non-financial
                                       December 31, 2025                                                   cash flows                       risk           CSM                            PAA           Total

                                       Assets                                                                  15,713                       708                     255                  174         16,850
                                       Liabilities                                                             (2,633)                    1,109                     612                   (7)          (919)
                                                                                                               13,080                     1,817                     867                  167         15,931



                                            A  86                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 7       INSURANCE CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CSM
The concentration of insurance risk of Great West by business is as follows:

                                                                                  Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                        Participating
                                                                                                                                                             account
                                                                                                                   Capital                                 surplus in
                                                                    United                                        and Risk               Segregated     Great West’s
Three months ended March 31, 2026                                   States        Canada          Europe         Solutions       Total        funds      subsidiaries 1       Total 2

CSM, beginning of year                                                  60            513         3,866            2,430        6,869       3,175            3,486          13,530
  CSM recognized for services provided                                  (2)           (15)          (86)             (73)        (176)       (102)             (42)           (320)
  Contracts initially recognized in the period                            -              7           59               45          111          35               24             170
  Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                -             (2)         (21)             (71)         (94)          (8)             46             (56)
  Net finance (income) expenses from
    insurance contracts                                                  -              4            24               16           44          (4)               -              40
  Effect of movement in exchange rates                                   1              -           (14)              (4)         (17)         (1)               3             (15)
CSM, end of period                                                      59            507         3,828            2,343        6,737       3,095            3,517          13,349
1 Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
2 The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                                                                  Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                        Participating
                                                                                                                                                             account
                                                                                                                   Capital                                 surplus in
                                                                    United                                        and Risk               Segregated     Great West’s
Year ended December 31, 2025                                        States        Canada          Europe         Solutions       Total        funds      subsidiaries 1       Total 2

CSM, beginning of year                                                  55            690         3,664            2,436        6,845       3,268            3,255          13,368
  CSM recognized for services provided                                  (8)           (67)         (326)            (269)        (670)       (407)            (155)         (1,232)
  Contracts initially recognized in the year                              -            40           267              100          407         126              109             642
  Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                              14           (168)            5               28         (121)         83              289             251
  Net finance (income) expenses from
    insurance contracts                                                  2             18            91               65          176         (15)                -            161
  Effect of movement in exchange rates                                  (3)             -           165               70          232         120              (12)            340
CSM, end of year                                                        60            513         3,866            2,430        6,869       3,175            3,486          13,530
1 Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
2 The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



NOTE 8 POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                                                            March 31,                 December 31,
                                                                                                                                               2026                         2025

POWER CORPORATION
Debentures - unsecured
  8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                                                           150                           150
  4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                                                         249                           249
  4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                                                           248                           248

Total Power Corporation                                                                                                                         647                           647

The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At March 31, 2026
and December 31, 2025, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             A  87
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 9 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       A) POWER FINANCIAL, GREAT WEST AND IGM
                                       The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Great West and IGM. The
                                       debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
                                       debentures and other debt instruments of Great West and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Great West or its
                                       subsidiaries, as applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of
                                       IGM and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                                                                      March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                         2026           2025

                                       POWER FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                                                                               250           250

                                       Total Power Financial                                                                                                                               250           250

                                       GREAT WEST
                                       Debentures and Senior Bonds – unsecured
                                         1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) ¹                                                                                         805            805
                                         3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                                                                          499            499
                                         6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                                                                              100            100
                                         4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) ¹                                                                                        802            802
                                         2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                                                                               599            598
                                         6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                                                                           197            197
                                         6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                                                                              397            397
                                         5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                                                                          343            343
                                         2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                                                                               494            494
                                         7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)                                                                   154            154
                                                                                                                                                                                        4,390          4,389

                                       Other Debt Instruments – unsecured
                                         Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rates of
                                           3.890% to 3.921% (3.921% to 4.204% at December 31, 2025)                                                                                       278            273
                                         1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                                                                      555            547
                                         4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                                                                            416            411
                                         4.51% mortgage on investment property due January 1, 2029 (US$39 million)                                                                         51             51
                                         1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                                                                          555            546
                                         4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                                                                             960            946
                                         4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                                                                            689            679
                                         3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                                                                      964            950
                                                                                                                                                                                        4,468          4,403

                                       Total Great West                                                                                                                                 8,858          8,792
                                       1 Designated by Great West as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                            A  88                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 9      NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           March 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                              2026           2025

IGM FINANCIAL
Debentures – unsecured
  3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                                        400            400
  6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                                       125            125
  7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                                             150            150
  7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                                       175            175
  7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                                           150            150
  6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                                       200            200
  4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                                        200            200
  4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                                       250            250
  4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                                          200            200
  4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                                         250            250
  5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                                           300            300
Debentures of IGM held by Great West as investments                                                                            (88)           (88)

Total IGM                                                                                                                    2,312          2,312

Total Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                                                                  11,420          11,354


CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, GREAT WEST AND
IGM
The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
cash and non-cash changes.
                                                                                                                          March 31,       March 31,
                                                                                                                             2026            2025

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                11,354           12,031
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                 66               71
Balance, end of period                                                                                                    11,420           12,102




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                  A  89
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 9        NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       B) ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER – PROJECT AND OTHER DEBT
                                       The following table presents the other debt instruments held by alternative asset investment platforms and other subsidiaries.
                                       All other debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of
                                       the Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                                                                                                                                                                        March 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                           2026             2025

                                       OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
                                       Investment Funds and Other - secured
                                          Revolving credit facility up to $405 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 2.75%,
                                           prime rate plus 1.75%, U.S. base rate plus 1.75% or SOFR plus 2.75% ($16 million and
                                           US$142 million) ($21 million and US$136 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                             214             207
                                          Revolving credit facility up to $300 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 0.9%                                                               120             100
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$90 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 1.8% (US$3 million)                                                                                                                         4              -
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate
                                           minus 0.35% (US$32 million) (US$14 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                      45           19
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$68 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 2.0% (US$36 million) (US$5 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                    50            7
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$110 million, bearing interest at various rates from
                                           SOFR plus 1.75% to 2.65% (US$73 million) (US$62 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                     101              85
                                          Revolving credit facility up to $14 million, with interest equal to prime rate plus 0.25%                                                            4               -
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$53 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 1.6% (US$1 million) (US$3 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                     1             4
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$50 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 1.85% (US$2 million) (US$9 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                    3            12
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$49 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 2.0% (US$38 million) (US$38 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                   52           52
                                          Mezzanine loan due in February 2029, with interest equal to 15.0% (€10 million)
                                           (€10 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                                                    16           15
                                          Mortgages on investment properties, due from August 2028 to August 2030,
                                           bearing interest at various rates from 3.0% to 5.34% and
                                           SOFR plus 2.75% (US$66 million) (US$63 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                  92           86
                                          Senior loan facility due in May 2028, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 4.75% (US$8 million) (US$19 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                12              26
                                                                                                                                                                                             714             613

                                       Renewable Energy - Project debt - secured
                                         Construction loan facilities due from May 2026 to April 2048, bearing interest at
                                          various rates equal to SOFR plus 2.25% to 3.375%, U.S. base rate plus 1.25% and
                                          CORRA plus 2.75% ($139 million and US$496 million)
                                          ($39 million and US$478 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                              830             695
                                         Loan facilities due from December 2030 to December 2037, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 4.23% to 6.0% and CORRA plus 1.625%                                                                                             443             448
                                         Loan facilities due from May 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 3.62% to 6.93% and prime rate plus 1.5% ($1,023 million
                                          and US$144 million) ($1,039 million and US$148 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                     1,224           1,242
                                         Loan facilities due from June 2026 to December 2055, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 2.73% to 6.89%, SOFR plus 2.0% to 2.25% (US$617 million)
                                          (US$598 million at December 31, 2025)                                                                                                              858             818
                                         Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                                                                    81              84
                                                                                                                                                                                           3,436           3,287

                                       Other - secured
                                         Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in June 2026 bearing interest at
                                          various rates equal to prime rate or U.S. base rate plus 4.0%
                                          and CORRA or SOFR plus 5.0% ¹                                                                                                                      170             169
                                         Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 13.5%, principal and
                                          accrued interest payable at maturity in October 2026                                                                                                77              77
                                                                                                                                                                                             247             246

                                       Total alternative asset investment platforms and other                                                                                              4,397           4,146
                                       1 The revolving credit and term loan facilities are subject to certain financial covenants including a minimum cumulative EBITDA covenant. At March 31, 2026, this covenant
                                         was not in compliance; however, the lenders have consented to a forbearance period which has been extended to June 23, 2026.




                                             A  90                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 9    NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
cash changes.
                                                                                                                                           March 31,                 March 31,
                                                                                                                                              2026                      2025

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                                   4,146                     3,878
  Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                                           354                       143
  Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                          (134)                     (168)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                                   31                         5
Balance, end of period                                                                                                                       4,397                     3,858



NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL

AUTHORIZED
The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
                                                                                                                           March 31, 2026                    December 31, 2025
                                                                                                             Number                 Share              Number            Share
                                                                                                             of shares             capital             of shares        capital
                                                                                                                                        $                                    $
Non-Participating Shares
First Preferred Shares
   Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
       Series A                                                                                         6,000,000                    150           6,000,000               150
       Series B                                                                                         8,000,000                    200           8,000,000               200
       Series C                                                                                         6,000,000                    150           6,000,000               150
       Series D                                                                                        10,000,000                    250          10,000,000               250
       Series G                                                                                         8,000,000                    200           8,000,000               200
       Series H                                                                                         8,000,000                    200           8,000,000               200
       Series I                                                                                         8,000,000                    200           8,000,000               200

Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                                                     1,350                                1,350

Participating Shares
Participating Preferred Shares                                                                         54,860,866                    233          54,860,866               233
Subordinate Voting Shares
  Balance, beginning of year                                                                          580,872,092                  8,926         589,948,328            9,003
      Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                      221,279                      7           3,305,264              113
      Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid                                        (3,860,100)                   (59)        (12,381,500)            (190)
  Balance, end of period                                                                              577,233,271                  8,874         580,872,092            8,926
Total Participating Shares                                                                                                         9,107                                9,159




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           A  91
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 10 SHARE CAPITAL (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Participating Shares
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2026, 221,279 Subordinate Voting Shares were issued under the Corporation’s
                                       Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $7 million (818,566 Subordinate Voting Shares issued for the three months
                                       ended March 31, 2025 for a consideration of $25 million).
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2026, dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares amounted to
                                       $0.6675 per share ($0.6125 per share in 2025).

                                       Normal Course Issuer Bids
                                       On March 1, 2025, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 28,
                                       2026. On March 1, 2026, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2027
                                       and the date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares.
                                       Pursuant to this NCIB, the Corporation may purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding
                                       (representing approximately 3.8% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 16, 2026) at
                                       market prices.
                                       In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
                                       parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
                                       NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
                                       self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2026, the Corporation purchased and cancelled 3,860,100 Subordinate Voting
                                       Shares pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $261 million (2,965,900 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $135 million during
                                       the three months ended March 31, 2025). The Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the
                                       shares repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value of share capital was $202 million and
                                       was recognized as a reduction to retained earnings ($90 million in 2025).
                                       Subsequent event
                                       Subsequent to quarter-end, the Corporation purchased, as of May 12, 2026, an additional 2,062,700 Subordinate Voting
                                       Shares pursuant to its current NCIB, for a total of $148 million.




                                           A  92                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
STOCK OPTION PLAN
On March 31, 2026, there were 18,934,348 Subordinate Voting Shares and 3,099,714 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved
for issuance under Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock Option
Plan, assumed by Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans).
A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs), as at
March 31, 2026 and 2025, and changes during the respective periods then ended, is as follows:

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2026                                 March 31, 2025
                                                                                                               Weighted-average                               Weighted-average
                                                                                                 Options           exercise price               Options           exercise price
                                                                                                                               $                                                $
Outstanding, beginning of year                                                              14,066,220                    34.66            18,804,983                    32.77
  Granted                                                                                      809,768                    65.64             1,158,924                    50.37
  Exercised or surrendered for cash                                                           (221,279)                   31.53            (2,676,798)                   32.31
  Forfeited                                                                                    (15,910)                   50.37                      -                       -
Outstanding, end of period                                                                  14,638,799                    36.40            17,287,109                    34.02

Options exercisable, end of period                                                          10,752,450                    32.62            13,211,428                    32.03

The exercise price of the 14,638,799 outstanding options ranges from $28.51 to $65.64.

TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at March 31, 2026 and 2025, and changes
during the respective periods ended is as follows:

                                                                                               March 31, 2026                                                    March 31, 2025
                                                                Weighted-average                    Fair value                          Weighted-average              Fair value
                                                          TSARs     exercise price                  of liability                  TSARs     exercise price            of liability
                                                                                        $                       $                                         $                     $
Outstanding, beginning of year                     5,159,204                     30.98                      184            7,751,627                31.40                     84
  Surrendered for cash                                     -                         -                         -          (1,858,232)               33.00                    (29)
  Change in fair value                                                                                      (24)                                                              35
Outstanding, end of period                         5,159,204                     30.98                      160           5,893,395                 30.90                     90

TSARs exercisable, end of period                   5,159,204                     30.98                                    5,893,395                 30.90


The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $160 million at March 31, 2026 ($184 million at December 31, 2025)
and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at March 31, 2026 was $186 million ($217 million at
December 31, 2025).
The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions:
                                                                                                                                        March 31,                     March 31,
                                                                                                                                           2026                          2025

Dividend yield                                                                                                                             5.2%                         5.6%
Expected volatility                                                                                                               18.6% - 20.0%                17.7% – 19.9%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                             2.8% - 3.1%                         2.7%
Expected remaining life (years)                                                                                                        1.0 - 3.0                    1.0 – 4.0
Share price ($/share)                                                                                                                     66.97                        50.88
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                                30.98                        30.90
Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                                                    31.06                        15.35


The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-
based payments and related liability. For the three months ended March 31, 2026, a net loss of $7 million (a net gain of
$4 million in 2025) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the loss on the remeasurement to fair value of
the derivative instruments, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                              A  93
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 11 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       COMPENSATION EXPENSE
                                       During the three months ended March 31, 2026, Power Corporation granted 809,768 options (1,158,924 options for the three
                                       months ended March 31, 2025) under its Executive Stock Option Plan. Generally, the options vest on the basis of [i] the first
                                       50%, three years from the date of the grant and [ii] the remaining 50% four years from the date of the grant.
                                       The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
                                       average assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                                       March 31,         March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                          2026              2025

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                                      5.2%              5.7%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                                                18.8%             18.3%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                             3.4%              3.1%
                                       Expected life (years)                                                                                                                9.0               9.1
                                       Fair value ($/option)                                                                                                               6.74              4.00
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                                         65.64             50.37


                                       The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
                                       expected option life.
                                       Great West, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to
                                       certain officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation
                                       plans. Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options
                                       or the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. For the three months ended
                                       March 31, 2026, total compensation expense relating to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries amounted to $30 million ($23 million in 2025) and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the
                                       statements of earnings.

                                       PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
                                       On March 31, 2026, there were 7,427,568 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved for issuance under Power Corporation’s
                                       Performance Restricted Share Unit Plan (PRSU Plan).
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s PRSU Plan, as at March 31, 2026, and changes during this period ended is as
                                       follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2026
                                                                                                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                                                                                                                           PRSUs        of liability
                                                                                                                                                                                                  $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                                                                                                  320,707                  15
                                         Granted                                                                                                                       248,890                   -
                                         Dividends reinvested                                                                                                            2,835                   -
                                         Change in fair value                                                                                                                                    -
                                       Outstanding, end of period                                                                                                      572,432                  15

                                       PRSUs exercisable, end of period                                                                                                  80,886                  5

                                       There were no units outstanding at March 31, 2025.




                                           A  94                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 12        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
POWER CORPORATION
As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
  provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
  provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
    and other investments as opportunities arise;
  maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
    capital;
  maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
  maintain a prudent amount of available cash and cash equivalents.
The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
to shareholders or issue capital.
The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent capital.
The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and fixed income
securities for liquidity purposes.
The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
management.
The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Great West and certain
of its main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to
regulatory capital requirements and they manage their capital as described below.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  95
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 12 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GREAT WEST
                                       Great West manages its capital on a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary
                                       objectives of Great West’s capital management strategy are:
                                         to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                           regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                         to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Great West ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                         to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Great West’s operational risks and
                                           strategic plans.
                                       Management of Great West is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring
                                       the capital plan.
                                       The target level of capitalization for Great West and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the
                                       probability of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views
                                       expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Great West, and the desire to
                                       hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Great West with a high degree of
                                       confidence.
                                       In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
                                       the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT). The
                                       LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital, defined by OSFI as the aggregate
                                       of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum of available capital, surplus allowance
                                       and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a supervisory target total ratio of 100%. Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT ratio at
                                       March 31, 2026 was 129% (128% at December 31, 2025).
                                       Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of Great West are required to comply with local capital or solvency
                                       requirements in their respective jurisdictions.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
                                       which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
                                       management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
                                       a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
                                       conditions.
                                       IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
                                       investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.
                                       The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealer, exempt market dealer,
                                       portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are required to maintain
                                       minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At March 31, 2026, IGM
                                       subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

                                       ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
                                       Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
                                       order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
                                       liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At March 31, 2026, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.




                                           A  96                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13        RISK MANAGEMENT




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
monitor, report and mitigate material risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related
to financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
    they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
  Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails
    to meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit
    spreads on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
  Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
    investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
    risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
     Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
      operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
      different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
     Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest
      rates.
     Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
      volatility in equity markets.
Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
subsidiaries’ internal models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
net earnings will be as indicated.
The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other are discussed. Risks related to Great West and IGM are
discussed in subsequent sections. For a more detailed discussion, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated
Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  97
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       POWER CORPORATION, POWER FINANCI AL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT
                                       PLATFORMS AND OTHER

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       Power Corporation is a holding company. As such, the holding company’s cash flows are principally derived from dividends
                                       received from its subsidiaries and income from investments, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes and
                                       payment of dividends to its participating and non-participating shareholders. As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability
                                       to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries and other
                                       investments. Great West and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
                                       regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s subsidiaries are also subject to minimum
                                       capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating
                                       subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the Corporation in future periods remains at the
                                       discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and
                                       creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well as on their ability to pay dividends.

                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
                                       liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities,
                                       funds held on behalf of clients, securities borrowed, other loans and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to
                                       an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum
                                       ratings and concentration limits.
                                       The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
                                       equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans, investment funds and
                                       investment properties), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

                                       Equity Risk
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL.
                                       Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
                                       directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
                                       in net earnings. As at March 31, 2026, the Corporation’s investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. At March 31,
                                       2026, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and other
                                       subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $475 million loss recorded in net earnings related to investments
                                       classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL ($455 million at
                                       December 31, 2025).
                                       GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. Unrealized gains and losses on investments
                                       classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
                                       Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at March 31, 2026, the
                                       impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $140 million unrealized loss ($170 million
                                       at December 31, 2025) to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a
                                       $30 million loss ($45 million at December 31, 2025) recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL,
                                       representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure and management of liquidity risk, credit risk and market
                                       risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2025.




                                           A  98                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GREAT WEST
The risk committee of the board of directors of Great West is responsible for the oversight of Great West’s key risks.
Great West has established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks
associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. Great West’s approach to risk management has not changed
significantly since December 31, 2025. Certain risks are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of Great West’s risk
governance structure and risk management approach, refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial
Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

LIQUIDITY RISK
Great West has the following policies and procedures in place to manage liquidity risk:
  Management of Great West closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and
    forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
  Management of Great West closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite
    liquidity requirements at its holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via
    capital market transactions. Great West maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.

CREDIT RISK
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
meet obligations as they come due. No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2025.
Expected Credit Losses
The majority of Great West’s financial assets are measured at FVPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The ECL
model only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance at Great West was $18 million
at March 31, 2026, of which $4 million was Stage 1, $11 million was Stage 2 and $3 million was Stage 3 ($25 million at
December 31, 2025, of which $4 million was Stage 1, $16 million was Stage 2 and $5 million was Stage 3).

Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVPL
The carrying value of Great West’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to
credit risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. For
the three months ended March 31, 2026, a fair value loss of $22 million ($56 million in 2025) is reflected in the statement of
earnings related to significant credit events occurring on financial instruments designated as FVPL.

MARKET RISK
Foreign Exchange Risk
If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
rates can expose Great West to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
  A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
    insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
    an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
    would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting
    assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.
Great West has net investments in foreign operations. Great West’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars,
euros and U.S. dollars. Foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of related
hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian
dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts Great West’s total equity.
Correspondingly, Great West’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies are also impacted.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   A  99
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Interest Rate Risk
                                       The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Great West’s exposure to interest rate risk:
                                         Great West manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                         Great West uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund
                                           assets and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each of its segments are generally managed in relation to the
                                           liabilities in the segment.
                                         For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
                                           or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available
                                           to match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-
                                           fixed income assets while the rest are duration matched.
                                         Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                           exposure to interest rate changes.
                                         To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
                                           change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                         For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash
                                           flows of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and non-fixed income assets.
                                         The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
                                           asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                       The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
                                       supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
                                       and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings.
                                       Great West’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
                                       general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification
                                       of financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general
                                       fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
                                       The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
                                       illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in market yield curves
                                                                                                                                               March 31, 2026                                 December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                           Increase                  Decrease                     Increase              Decrease
                                                                                                                    50 basis points            50 basis points             50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                                                      interest rates             interest rates              interest rates         interest rates

                                       Net earnings                                                                                 -                        (25)                      25                    (50)
                                       Equity                                                                                    (50)                           -                       -                    (25)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
                                       Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                       positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada and the United Kingdom, and are
                                       positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the United States and eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate
                                       changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may
                                       differ materially from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                       The potential impact on the net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Great West’s ultimate
                                       investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the sensitivity of net earnings to a
                                       10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $10 million or a decrease of
                                       $10 million post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10 million.




                                           A  100                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium.
Change in credit spreads
                                                                                                                   March 31, 2026                        December 31, 2025
                                                                                                Increase                 Decrease            Increase              Decrease
                                                                                         50 basis points           50 basis points    50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                                          credit spreads            credit spreads     credit spreads         credit spreads

Net earnings                                                                                         150                    (175)               150                   (200)
Equity                                                                                               200                    (275)               225                   (300)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes
in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the
discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise
from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.

Equity Risk
Great West has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly
defined limits to mitigate this risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum
Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest
rate derivatives.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no material earnings impacts to Great West on segregated fund business
that it does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that
Great West hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in publicly traded common share values
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026                                           December 31, 2025
                                                                    Increase                            Decrease                     Increase                      Decrease
                                                      20%                10%              10%                 20%           20%         10%              10%             20%

Net earnings                                          75                 50               (50)              (100)           75           50              (50)           (75)
Equity                                               525                275              (275)              (550)          500          250             (250)          (525)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on the net earnings and equity from market movements.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
value of other non-fixed income assets on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026                                           December 31, 2025
                                                                    Increase                            Decrease                     Increase                      Decrease
                                                      10%                 5%                5%                10%           10%           5%              5%             10%

Net earnings                                         575                275              (300)              (625)          550          275             (300)          (600)
Equity                                               600                300              (325)              (675)          600          300             (325)          (650)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                         A  101
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
                                       the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.
                                       The risk management policies and procedures of IGM have not changed materially since December 31, 2025. Certain risks
                                       are presented below. For a more detailed discussion of IGM’s risk governance structure and risk management approach, refer
                                       to Note 23 to the Corporation’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
                                       normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
                                         Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
                                         Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
                                         Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                                         Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                                         Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
                                         Oversight of liquidity risks by its internal financial risk management committee.
                                       A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
                                       products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
                                       IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2025.

                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, funds held on behalf of clients, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
                                       IGM monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
                                       IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at March 31, 2026 ($1 million at December 31, 2025), and is
                                       considered adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on:
                                       i) historical credit performance experience; ii) recent trends in interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other
                                       relevant characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of losses under adverse
                                       real estate market conditions.
                                       IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2025.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       IGM's financial instruments are subject to the risk of loss arising from changes in values due to the changes in interest rates,
                                       equity prices and foreign exchange rates.
                                       IGM is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investments in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the carrying value due
                                       to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in other comprehensive income. As at March 31, 2026, a 5% appreciation
                                       in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease the aggregate carrying value of foreign investments by
                                       approximately $122 million ($120 million at December 31, 2025).




                                           A  102                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 14 INSURANCE REVENUE




                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                             Three months ended March 31 ,
                                                                                                                           2026                     2025

Contracts not measured under the PAA
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
  Experience adjustments                                                                                                     (8)                    (27)
  CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                      350                     331
  Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                         153                     153
  Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                                           2,480                   2,440
  Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                              195                     167
                                                                                                                          3,170                   3,064
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                                          2,529                   2,422
Total insurance revenue                                                                                                   5,699                   5,486



NOTE 15         RESTRUCTURING EXPENSES

GREAT WEST
Great West undertakes a variety of initiatives related to operational restructuring, acquisition-related integration and
technology and process modernization. Only the initiatives that qualify as formal restructuring programs in accordance with
IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, result in a provision. These provisions are described further
below. Other restructuring and business transformation costs that do not qualify are expensed as incurred and are not
included in the amounts described below.
Great West recorded restructuring provisions of $18 million for the three months ended March 31, 2026 ($10 million for the
three months ended March 31, 2025). The provisions recorded in the three months ended March 31, 2026 are related to
planned technology and efficiency initiatives in the United States intended to position Great West for future growth and
expense savings.
As at March 31, 2026, Great West had restructuring provisions of $342 million remaining in other liabilities ($365 million at
December 31, 2025). These provisions primarily relate to previously announced restructuring initiatives, which Great West
expects to complete by the end of 2027.
Restructuring expenses are recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                       A  103
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 16 INCOME TAXES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INCOME TAXES
                                       The components of income tax expense (recovery) recognized in net earnings are:

                                                                                                                                                                                  Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                              2026                      2025

                                       Current taxes
                                         Current income tax                                                                                                                   352                        216
                                         Global Minimum Tax (GMT)                                                                                                              46                         31
                                                                                                                                                                              398                        247
                                       Deferred taxes                                                                                                                         (50)                       (51)
                                                                                                                                                                              348                        196


                                       EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
                                       The effective income tax rate for the Corporation for the three months ended March 31, 2026, was 19.8% (14.9% for the three
                                       months ended March 31, 2025).
                                       The effective income tax rate varies from period to period as a result of changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings and
                                       movements in non-taxable investment income and results from jointly controlled corporations and associates. It may also be
                                       affected by other items such as provisions-to-return adjustments, tax rate changes, the recognition of deferred tax assets and
                                       tax credits and updates to tax estimates, including deferred tax asset recoverability, uncertain tax position estimates, as well
                                       as the remeasurement of certain tax liabilities.
                                       The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Corporation’s statutory income tax rate of 26.5% due to non-
                                       taxable investment income, lower tax in certain foreign jurisdictions and results from jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates that are not taxable.




                                           A  104                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 17 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                               Items that may be reclassified                       Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                subsequently to net earnings                                           to net earnings
                                                                                                                                          Actuarial
                                                                                                                                      gains (losses)
                                                                                                Share of jointly                        on defined Share of jointly
                                                                                     Foreign        controlled                              benefit    controlled
Three months ended                            Investment        Cash flow           currency      corporations            Investment pension plans   corporations
March 31, 2026                                revaluation         hedges          translation   and associates            revaluation    and other and associates               Total

Balance, beginning of year                            (93)            118             1,449                 196               (175)             70               359          1,924
  Other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                     (47)            (29)              114                   68                 (8)            44              (231)              (89)
  Realized losses on
    FVOCI equity instruments
    transferred to
    retained earnings                                   -               -                 -                    -                  -              -                13             13
  Other                                                 -               -                 -                  (4)                  -              -                 -             (4)
Balance, end of period                              (140)              89             1,563                 260               (183)            114               141          1,844



                                                                               Items that may be reclassified                       Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                                subsequently to net earnings                                           to net earnings
                                                                                                                                          Actuarial
                                                                                                                                      gains (losses)
                                                                                                Share of jointly                        on defined Share of jointly
                                                                                     Foreign        controlled                              benefit    controlled
Three months ended                            Investment        Cash flow           currency      corporations            Investment pension plans   corporations
March 31, 2025                                revaluation         hedges          translation   and associates            revaluation    and other and associates               Total

Balance, beginning of year                          (174)              32             1,778                   18              (285)               8              626          2,003
  Other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                      16                 -             157                 174                 (33)            11              (172)           153
  Realized gains on
    FVOCI equity instruments
    transferred to
    retained earnings                                    -              -                 -                    -                  -              -               (46)           (46)
  Other                                                (1)              -                 3                 (16)                  -              -                 8              (6)
Balance, end of period                              (159)              32             1,938                 176               (318)             19               416          2,104




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                                   A  105
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 18 EARNINGS PER SHARE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:

                                                                                                                                                                                                  Three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                                    2026                2025

                                       Earnings
                                       Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                                                                     840                 702
                                       Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                                                         (20)                (13)
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                                                                       820                 689
                                       Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                                                                      (6)                 (3)
                                       Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs and PRSUs 1                                                                                                           (1)                 (4)
                                       Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect                                                                                                                     813                 682

                                       Number of participating shares [millions]
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                                                         634.1               643.0
                                         Effect of potential exercise of outstanding stock options and PRSUs                                                                                         4.5                 5.1
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                                                                       638.6               648.1


                                       Net earnings per participating share
                                       Basic                                                                                                                                                        1.29                1.07
                                       Diluted                                                                                                                                                      1.27                1.05
                                       1 Options with TSARs and PRSUs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options or units can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting
                                         shares or for cash, they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the
                                         period, and the net earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options or units been classified as equity-settled.


                                       For the three months ended March 31, 2026, 0.8 million stock options (1.2 million in 2025) were excluded from the
                                       computation of diluted earnings per share as they were anti-dilutive.




                                             A  106                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19        FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value
hierarchy:
Level         Definition                                                                                 Financial assets and liabilities
Level 1       Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for                             actively exchange-traded equity securities;
              identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to                        exchange-traded futures;
              access.                                                                                        mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                              prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                              restrictions;
                                                                                                             open-end investment fund units and other liabilities in
                                                                                                              instances where there are quoted prices available
                                                                                                              from active markets.
Level 2       Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                                  assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
              observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.                           based on credit quality and average life;
              Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and                                    government and agency securities;
              liabilities in active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices                             restricted shares;
              that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates                         certain private bonds and investment funds;
              and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted                                        most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
              intervals.                                                                                      bonds;
                                                                                                             most asset-backed securities;
                                                                                                             most over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                             most mortgage and other loans;
                                                                                                             certain other debt instruments;
                                                                                                             most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                                              FVPL;
                                                                                                             notes issued by consolidated collateralized loan
                                                                                                              obligations (CLOs);
                                                                                                             certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
Level 3       Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on                                   certain bonds;
              observable market inputs and include situations where there is                                 certain asset-backed securities;
              little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.                                    certain private equities;
              The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained                                 certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
              from single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external                                    and associates;
              appraisers or by discounting projected cash flows.                                             certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                                              equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                                             investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                              there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                             certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                             investment properties;
                                                                                                             most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                  A  107
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy using the
                                       valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of material accounting policies of the Corporation’s
                                       December 31, 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements and above, are presented below. Fair values represent management’s
                                       estimates and are generally calculated using market information at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair
                                       values. The calculations are subjective in nature, and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Total
                                       March 31, 2026                                                                                      Level 1                    Level 2                    Level 3   fair value

                                       Assets
                                       Bonds
                                          FVPL                                                                                                   -                160,085                          531     160,616
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                  -                 13,275                            -      13,275
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                          FVPL                                                                                                   -                  25,691                       6,371      32,062
                                          FVOCI                                                                                                  -                     268                           -         268
                                       Shares
                                          FVPL                                                                                           12,007                       159                        8,868      21,034
                                          FVOCI                                                                                           1,036                         -                           10       1,046
                                       Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates ¹                                         -                         -                        1,549       1,549
                                       Investment properties                                                                                  -                         -                        8,654       8,654
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                 9                     2,085                            4       2,098
                                       Trading account assets                                                                               241                     3,739                            -       3,980
                                       Other assets                                                                                           -                       268                          238         506
                                       Total                                                                                             13,293                   205,570                       26,225     245,088

                                       Liabilities
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                                                           -                  89,625                           -      89,625
                                       Derivative instruments                                                                                    9                   2,552                           5       2,566
                                       Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                -                   4,023                           -       4,023
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                    -                       -                       4,298       4,298
                                       Great West’s other debt instruments                                                                       -                      51                           -          51
                                       Consolidated investment funds’ other debt instruments                                                     -                      92                           -          92
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                         -                     280                          26         306
                                       Total                                                                                                     9                  96,623                       4,329     100,961
                                       1   Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
                                           elected to be measured at FVPL.




                                            A  108                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                         Total
December 31, 2025                                                                                         Level 1                  Level 2    Level 3               fair value

Assets
Bonds
   FVPL                                                                                                          -               161,041        191               161,232
   FVOCI                                                                                                         -                13,040          -                13,040
Mortgage and other loans
   FVPL                                                                                                          -                26,139      6,350                 32,489
   FVOCI                                                                                                         -                   269          -                    269
Shares
   FVPL                                                                                                 12,751                       183      8,367                21,301
   FVOCI                                                                                                 1,033                         -         10                 1,043
Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates ¹                                               -                         -      1,452                 1,452
Investment properties                                                                                        -                         -      8,493                 8,493
Derivative instruments                                                                                       2                     2,285          3                 2,290
Trading account assets                                                                                     244                     3,751          -                 3,995
Other assets                                                                                                 -                       615        234                   849
Total                                                                                                   14,030                   207,323     25,100               246,453

Liabilities
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                 -                 89,042          -                89,042
Derivative instruments                                                                                          3                  2,428          7                 2,438
Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                      -                  3,904          -                 3,904
Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                          -                      -      4,128                 4,128
Great West’s other debt instruments                                                                             -                     51          -                    51
Consolidated investment funds’ other debt instruments                                                           -                     86          -                    86
Other liabilities                                                                                               -                    624         25                   649
Total                                                                                                           3                 96,135      4,160               100,298
1 Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
  to be measured at FVPL.


There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in these periods.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                 A  109
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
                                       its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value is presented below.

                                                                                                                            Shares and
                                                                                                                           investments
                                                                                                                               in jointly
                                                                                               Mortgage                      controlled
                                                                                               and other                  corporations                                               Limited-life
                                                                                    Bonds          loans                and associates                                                      and             Other
                                       Three months ended                                                                                      Investment        Derivatives,       redeemable              assets
                                       March 31, 2026                                 FVPL          FVPL           FVPL ²         FVOCI         properties                net         fund units       (liabilities)      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                    191          6,350           9,819               10            8,493                  (4)           (4,128)             209       20,940
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                            Net earnings                               10          (164)             165                -               26                   5                  (71)             1        (28)
                                            Other comprehensive
                                              income ¹                                (2)             (4)           69                 -               26                    -              (46)               2           45
                                         Purchases                                    25            137            474                 -              109                    -                 -               1          746
                                         Issues                                         -           137               -                -                -                    -             (138)                -           (1)
                                         Sales                                          -               -         (111)                -                -                  (2)                 -                -        (113)
                                         Settlements                                    -           (85)              -                -                -                    -               77               (1)           (9)
                                         Transfers into Level 3                      308                -             -                -                -                    -                 -                -         308
                                         Other                                        (1)               -            1                 -                -                    -                8                 -            8
                                       Balance, end of period                        531          6,371         10,417                10            8,654                  (1)           (4,298)             212       21,896
                                       1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
                                         the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                       2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.



                                                                                                                            Shares and
                                                                                                                           investments
                                                                                                                               in jointly
                                                                                               Mortgage                      controlled
                                                                                               and other                  corporations                                              Limited-life
                                                                                    Bonds          loans                and associates                                                     and              Other
                                       Year ended                                                                                              Investment        Derivatives,      redeemable               assets
                                       December 31, 2025                              FVPL          FVPL          FVPL ²          FVOCI         properties                net        fund units        (liabilities)      Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                     178         5,142           8,165                 -          8,350                   (3)           (2,906)             155       19,081
                                         Total gains (losses)
                                            Net earnings                                (8)         291           1,104                 -            (137)                  3              (681)                  -       572
                                            Other comprehensive
                                              income ¹                                   8           62            (189)              6               (48)                   -              100              (10)         (71)
                                         Business acquisition                             -            -               -               -                 -                   -                 -             136          136
                                         Purchases                                    (69)          452           1,754               2               741                  (2)                 -               7        2,885
                                         Issues                                           -         739                -               -                 -                   -             (889)                -        (150)
                                         Sales                                          (5)            -         (1,006)             26              (439)                   -                 -                -      (1,424)
                                         Settlements                                   64          (415)               -            (26)                 -                 (2)              245              (79)        (213)
                                         Transferred from owner-
                                           occupied properties                           -            -                -              -               26                     -                 -               -           26
                                         Transfers into Level 3                        78             -               6               -                -                     -                 -               -           84
                                         Other                                        (55)           79             (15)              2                -                     -                3                -           14
                                       Balance, end of year                           191         6,350           9,819              10            8,493                   (4)           (4,128)             209       20,940
                                       1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
                                         the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                       2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.


                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
                                       redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
                                       increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
                                       pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.




                                             A  110                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
presented below.
                                                                                                                                     Interrelationship between key
                                                                           Significant                                               unobservable inputs and fair value
Type of asset             Valuation approach                               unobservable input                Input value             measurement

Investment properties     Investment property valuations   Discount rate                                     Range of 4.2% – 13.6%   A decrease in the discount
                          are generally determined using                                                                             rate would result in an
                          property valuation models based                                                                            increase in fair value.
                          on expected capitalization rates
                          and models that discount                                                                                   An increase in the discount
                          expected future net cash flows.                                                                            rate would result in a
                          The determination of the fair                                                                              decrease in fair value.
                          value of investment property
                          requires the use of estimates    Reversionary rate                                 Range of 4.4% – 11.0%   A decrease in the
                          such as future cash flows (such                                                                            reversionary rate would
                          as future leasing assumptions,                                                                             result in an increase in fair
                          rental rates, capital and                                                                                  value.
                          operating expenditures) and                                                                                An increase in the
                          discount, reversionary and                                                                                 reversionary rate would
                          overall capitalization rates                                                                               result in a decrease in fair
                          applicable to the asset based                                                                              value.
                          on current market rates.
                                                           Vacancy rate                                      Weighted average        A decrease in the expected
                                                                                                             of 9.0%                 vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                     generally result in an
                                                                                                                                     increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                                     An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                                     vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                     generally result in
                                                                                                                                     a decrease in fair value.

Mortgage and              The valuation approach for         Discount rate                                   Range of 5.1% – 6.8%    A decrease in the discount
other loans –             equity-release mortgages is to                                                                             rate would result in an
Equity-release            use an internal valuation model to                                                                         increase in fair value.
mortgages                 determine the projected asset
(FVPL)                    cash flows, including the cost of                                                                          An increase in the discount
                          the no-negative-equity guarantee                                                                           rate would result in a
                          for each individual loan, to                                                                               decrease in fair value.
                          aggregate these across all loans
                          and to discount those cash flows
                          back to the valuation date. The
                          projection is done monthly until
                          expected redemption of the loan
                          either voluntarily or on the
                          death/entering into long-term
                          care of the loanholders.

Shares and                The determination of the fair                    Discount rate and                 Various                 A decrease in the discount
investments in jointly    value of shares requires the use                 earnings multiples                                        rate and an increase in the
controlled corporations   of estimates such as future cash                                                                           earnings multiples would
and associates (FVPL)     flows, discount rates, projected                                                                           result in an increase in fair
                          earnings multiples, or recent                                                                              value.
                          transactions.
                                                                                                                                     An increase in the discount
                                                                                                                                     rate and a decrease in the
                                                                                                                                     earnings multiples would
                                                                                                                                     result in a decrease in fair
                                                                                                                                     value.

Limited-life and          The determination of the fair       Discount rate and                              Various                 A decrease in the discount
redeemable fund units     value of the limited-life and       earnings multiples                                                     rate would result in an
                          redeemable fund units is based                                                                             increase in fair value.
                          on the fair value of the underlying
                          fund’s investments.                                                                                        An increase in the discount
                                                                                                                                     rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                     decrease in fair value.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                A  111
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
                                       wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
                                       the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
                                       shareholders from Great West, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share
                                       of their net earnings.
                                       The Corporation’s reportable segments include Great West and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
                                       Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
                                       traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
                                         Great West is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings,
                                           wealth and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in the U.S., Canada and Europe.
                                         IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
                                           Canada, and institutional investors globally.
                                         GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe.
                                           Its portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed and direct private assets composed of global companies, which are
                                           leaders in their sectors.
                                         Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
                                           presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
                                           company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and
                                           non-participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
                                           investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
                                           and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
                                       with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
                                       and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
                                            Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
                                            Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
                                            Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
                                            Other subsidiaries.
                                       Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
                                       company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
                                       control and other consolidation entries.
                                       The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities,
                                       Great West and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis.
                                       These entities are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Great West,
                                       IGM, and alternative asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective
                                       segment’s assets.




                                           A  112                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                               Alternative
                                                                                                                                                     asset
                                                                                                                                               investment
                                                                                                                                  Holding   platforms and         Effect of
Three months ended March 31, 2026                                          Great West               IGM           GBL            company             other   consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue 1                                                             5,699                 -               -               -               -                  -         5,699
Net investment income 2                                                         2,499               11                -              16             198                14          2,738
Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                                 (2,069)              (1)               -               7              52               (20)        (2,031)
Fee income 3 4                                                                  2,040            1,005                -               -             226               (61)         3,210
Other 3                                                                              -                -               -               -             244                  -           244
Total segment revenue                                                           8,169            1,015                -              23             720               (67)         9,860

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses 1                                                   (4,299)                  -             -                -                -                -        (4,299)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                         (438)                  -             -                -                -                -          (438)
Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                               192                   -             -                -                -                -           192
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                           -                  -             -                -                -                -              -
Total other insurance and investment results                                   (4,545)                  -             -                -                -                -        (4,545)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses 4                                         1,939              685                -              63             819               (57)        3,449
Financing charges                                                                  87               32                -              14              70                 1           204
Total other expenses                                                            2,026              717                -              77             889               (56)        3,653
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                                 1,598              298                -              (54)           (169)             (11)        1,662
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                            7               69             20                   -             41              (37)          100
Earnings before income taxes                                                    1,605              367             20                (54)           (128)             (48)        1,762
Income taxes                                                                      271               82              -                   -            (10)               5           348
Net earnings                                                                    1,334              285             20                (54)           (118)             (53)        1,414

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                      532              113              -                36              (54)             (53)          574
   Non-participating shareholders                                                   -                -              -                20                 -                -           20
   Participating shareholders 6 7                                                 802              172             20              (110)             (64)                -          820
                                                                                1,334              285             20               (54)            (118)             (53)        1,414
1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
6 The contribution from Great West, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
  Corporation includes the effect of consolidation.
7 The contribution from Great West and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common ownership based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                                A  113
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                                                                                  Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                                        asset
                                                                                                                                                                                  investment
                                                                                                                                                                  Holding      platforms and           Effect of
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2025                                       Great West             IGM            GBL         company                other     consolidation      Total

                                       Segment revenue
                                       Insurance revenue 1                                                          5,486              -                -                -                  -                 -     5,486
                                       Net investment income 2                                                      2,327              8                -               13                110               11      2,469
                                       Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                               1,259              -                -                9                162              (24)     1,406
                                       Fee income 3 4                                                               1,911            897                -                -                191              (52)     2,947
                                       Other 3                                                                          -              -                -                -                222                 -       222
                                       Total segment revenue                                                       10,983            905                -               22                685              (65)    12,530

                                       Other insurance and investment results
                                       Insurance service expenses 1                                                (4,276)                -             -                 -                   -               -    (4,276)
                                       Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                      (430)                -             -                 -                   -               -      (430)
                                       Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                         (3,173)                -             -                 -                   -               -    (3,173)
                                       Net investment result from insurance contracts on
                                         account of segregated fund policyholders                                        -                -             -                 -                   -               -          -
                                       Total other insurance and investment results                                (7,879)                -             -                 -                   -               -    (7,879)

                                       Other expenses
                                       Operating and administrative expenses 4                                      1,931            624                -               53                675              (53)     3,230
                                       Financing charges                                                              103             32                -               13                 67                3        218
                                       Total other expenses                                                         2,034            656                -               66                742              (50)     3,448
                                       Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates, and income taxes                              1,070            249                -              (44)               (57)             (15)     1,203
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
                                         controlled corporations and associates                                         8             56              25                  -                54              (28)       115
                                       Earnings before income taxes                                                 1,078            305              25               (44)                 (3)            (43)     1,318
                                       Income taxes                                                                   157             70               -                  -               (33)               2        196
                                       Net earnings                                                                   921            235              25               (44)                30              (45)     1,122

                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                   341             88               -                35                  1              (45)       420
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                -              -               -                13                  -                 -        13
                                          Participating shareholders 6 7                                              580            147              25               (92)                29                 -       689
                                                                                                                      921            235              25               (44)                30              (45)     1,122
                                       1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
                                       2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
                                       3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
                                       4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
                                       5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
                                       6 The contribution from Great West, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the
                                         Corporation includes the effect of consolidation.
                                       7 The contribution from Great West and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common ownership based on their respective interests.




                                             A  114                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                            Alternative
                                                                                                                                                  asset
                                                                                                                                            investment
                                                                                                                                 Holding platforms and         Effect of
March 31, 2026                                                         Great West               IGM              GBL            company           other   consolidation             Total

Cash and cash equivalents                                                  9,857              1,150                  -           2,114          2,476            (574)        15,023
Investments                                                              237,871              5,320                  -             180          5,247             564        249,182
Investments in Great West, IGM and alternative
  asset investment platforms and other                                      1,610             3,067                  -          23,560               -        (28,237)                 -
Investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates                                                             582              3,129           3,079                  -          1,842            (555)         8,077
Other assets                                                              44,062              4,849               -                560         33,372            (185)        82,658
Goodwill and intangible assets                                            16,443              3,946               -                  1          1,411               (1)       21,800
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                          553,536                 -                -                  -              -                -       553,536
Total assets 1                                                           863,961            21,461            3,079             26,415         44,348         (28,988)       930,276

Insurance and investment contract liabilities                            249,940                  -                  -                 -             -                -      249,940
Obligations to securitization entities                                         -              4,785                  -                 -             -                -        4,785
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                           -                -                -             647               -                -             647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of:
   Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                     8,858              2,400                  -             250              -             (88)        11,420
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                     -                  -                  -               -          4,397                -         4,397
Other liabilities                                                         18,298              5,187                  -           1,336         36,892          (1,338)        60,375
Insurance and investment contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders                                       553,536                 -                   -               -              -                -       553,536
Total liabilities                                                        830,632            12,372                   -           2,233         41,289          (1,426)       885,100
1 Total assets of the Great West and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


                                                                                                                                            Alternative
                                                                                                                                                  asset
                                                                                                                                            investment
                                                                                                                                 Holding platforms and         Effect of
December 31, 2025                                                      Great West               IGM              GBL            company           other   consolidation             Total

Cash and cash equivalents                                                  8,902              1,274                  -           2,232          2,518            (560)        14,366
Investments                                                              239,080              5,387                  -             176          4,552             554        249,749
Investments in Great West, IGM and alternative
  asset investment platforms and other                                      1,499             3,067                  -          23,183               -        (27,749)                 -
Investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates                                                             570              3,084           3,291                  -          1,734            (544)         8,135
Other assets                                                              45,413              5,662               -                626         29,100            (177)        80,624
Goodwill and intangible assets                                            16,359              3,947               -                  1          1,385                -        21,692
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                          551,169                 -                -                  -              -                -       551,169
Total assets 1                                                           862,992            22,421            3,291             26,218         39,289         (28,476)       925,735

Insurance and investment contract liabilities                            250,686                  -                  -                 -             -                -      250,686
Obligations to securitization entities                                         -              4,815                  -                 -             -                -        4,815
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                           -                -                -             647               -                -             647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of:
   Power Financial, Great West and IGM                                     8,792              2,400                  -             250              -             (88)        11,354
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                     -                  -                  -               -          4,146                -         4,146
Other liabilities                                                         19,178              6,149                  -           1,350         32,327          (1,134)        57,870
Insurance and investment contracts on account
  of segregated fund policyholders                                       551,169                 -                   -               -              -                -       551,169
Total liabilities                                                        829,825            13,364                   -           2,247         36,473          (1,222)       880,687
1 Total assets of the Great West and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                              A  115
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                                     Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                           asset
                                                                                                                                                                     investment
                                                                                                                                                    Holding       platforms and              Effect of
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2026                                  Great West                 IGM           company                 other        consolidation      Total

                                       Operating activities                                                    2,107                141                 470                 (402)              (438)      1,878
                                       Financing activities                                                   (1,197)              (312)               (705)                 729                538        (947)
                                       Investing activities                                                      (26)                47                 117                 (378)              (114)       (354)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                                71                   -                  -                   9                    -         80
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          955               (124)              (118)                 (42)                (14)        657
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                            8,902              1,274              2,232                2,518                (560)     14,366
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                9,857              1,150              2,114                2,476                (574)     15,023


                                                                                                                                                                     Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                           asset
                                                                                                                                                                     investment
                                                                                                                                                    Holding       platforms and              Effect of
                                       Three months ended March 31, 2025                                   Great West                IGM           company                 other        consolidation      Total

                                       Operating activities                                                      (167)               70                 420                 (156)              (444)       (277)
                                       Financing activities                                                      (686)             (191)               (527)                (206)               327      (1,283)
                                       Investing activities                                                         (2)             (17)               (124)                 257                192         306
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                                89                   -                  -                     -                  -         89
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                         (766)              (138)              (231)                 (105)                75      (1,165)
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                           10,709                910              1,606                   858               (339)     13,744
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                9,943                772              1,375                   753               (264)     12,579




                                            A  116                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
                        Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                   PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 37




                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.



The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   B  1
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis

                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                  1. Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       4
                                  2. Consolidated Operating Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             4
                                      2.1     Development Highlights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            5
                                      2.2     Financial Performance Highlights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                  5
                                       2.3              Base and Net Earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   6
                                       2.4              Foreign Currency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              7
                                       2.5              Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   7
                                       2.6              Items Excluded from Base Earnings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             8
                                  3. Segmented Operating Results . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                             9
                                      3.1     United States . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   10
                                      3.2     Canada . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                12
                                      3.3     Europe . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              14
                                      3.4     Capital and Risk Solutions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            16
                                      3.5     Corporate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 16
                                  4. Consolidated Financial Position . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                          17
                                      4.1     Assets . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              17
                                      4.2     Liabilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             21
                                       4.3              Great West Capital Structure . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      22
                                  5. Capital Management and Liquidity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               23
                                      5.1      Capital Management and Adequacy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                        23
                                      5.2      Liquidity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            24
                                      5.3      Cash Flows . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 25




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                       5.4              Commitments/Contractual Obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               25
                                       5.5              Return on Equity (ROE) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  25
                                      5.6      Ratings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              26
                                  6. Risk Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                26
                                      6.1      Risk Management Overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 26
                                      6.2      Exposures and Sensitivities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            26
                                  7. Accounting Policies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                28
                                      7.1      International Financial Reporting Standards . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                          28
                                  8. Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              28
                                       8.1              Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                    28
                                       8.2              Glossary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      32
                                       8.3              Disclosure Controls and Procedures . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                            34
                                       8.4              Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               34
                                       8.5              Transactions with Related Parties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                         35
                                       8.6              Quarterly Financial Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     35
                                       8.7              Additional Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              35




                                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                                     1

                                         B  2                                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                           MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                             FOR THE PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2026
                                                      DATED: MAY 6, 2026

This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial
performance and cash flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Great West). This MD&A should be read in conjunction with our MD&A
and audited consolidated financial statements contained in our 2025 Annual Report and the condensed consolidated interim
unaudited financial statements of the Company as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2026 (interim consolidated
financial statements), which can be found under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca or in the Investor
Relations section of our website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.
The interim consolidated financial statements of Great West, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been
prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standards (IAS) 34 Interim Financial Reporting and are presented in
millions of Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.
Great West, the Company, we, us, our are terms used throughout this document to refer to Great-West Lifeco Inc. and its
subsidiaries. This MD&A is dated as of, and reflects all material events up to, May 6, 2026.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
From time to time, Great West makes written and/or oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including in
this MD&A. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or
include words such as "achieve", "ambition", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "initiatives", "intend", "may", "objective",
"opportunity", "plan", "potential", "project", "target", "will" and other similar expressions or negative versions of those words. Forward-looking
information in this MD&A includes, without limitation, statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix),




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
financial condition, expected financial performance (including revenues, earnings or growth rates and medium-term financial objectives), strategies
and prospects (including statements regarding the expected pipeline of Europe annuities business in Q2 2026), expected costs and benefits of
acquisitions and divestitures (including timing of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue and expense synergies), the timing and
extent of expected transformation charges/impacts, expected expenditures or investments (including but not limited to investment in technology
infrastructure and digital capabilities and solutions and investments in strategic partnerships), value creation and realization and growth
opportunities, product and service innovation, expected dividend levels, expected cost reductions and savings, expected capital management
activities and use of capital, the timing and extent of possible share repurchases, market position, estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital
adequacy ratios, estimates of financial risk sensitivities (including as a result of current market conditions), expected net plan inflows, expected credit
experience, anticipated global economic conditions, potential impacts of catastrophe events, potential impacts of geopolitical events and conflicts
and the impact of regulatory developments (including changes to laws and government policies) on the Company’s business strategy, growth
objectives and capital.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, wealth and retirement solutions industries. They are not
guarantees of future performance, and actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking
statements. Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company and there is no assurance that
they will prove to be correct. With respect to possible share repurchases, the amount and timing of actual repurchases will depend on the earnings,
cash requirements and financial condition of the Company, market conditions, our ability to effect the repurchases on a prudent basis, capital
requirements, applicable law and regulations (including applicable securities laws), and other factors deemed relevant by the Company, and may be
subject to regulatory approval and/or conditions. With respect to the expected pipeline of Europe's annuities business in Q2 2026, management has
assumed that actual transactions in Q2 2026 are consistent with management’s estimates, which take into account current bid opportunities available
to Canada Life UK. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking information may depend on numerous factors,
developments and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and leverage acquisitions and achieve anticipated benefits and
synergies, the achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the acquisition of the Prudential retirement business, the
Company’s ability to execute strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the Company’s reputation, business competition,
assumptions around sales, pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions, withdrawals and lapse rates), mortality and
morbidity experience, expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital markets (including continued access to equity and debt
markets and credit instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and related economic impacts, interest and foreign exchange
rates, inflation levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns, hedging activities, financial condition of industry sectors and
individual issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit ratings, taxes, impairments of goodwill and other intangible
assets, technological changes, including the use of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI), in our business, breaches or failure of
information systems and security (including cyber-attacks), assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in local and international laws and
regulations, changes in accounting policies and the effect of applying future accounting policy changes, changes in actuarial standards, unexpected
judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, continuity and availability of personnel and third-party service providers, unplanned changes
to the Company’s facilities, customer and employee relations, levels of administrative and operational efficiencies, and other general economic,
political and market factors in North America and internationally.
The above list is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with securities regulators, including those set out in the "Risk
Management" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" sections of the Company's 2025 Annual MD&A and in the Company's annual
information form dated February 11, 2026 under "Risk Factors". These, along with other filings, are available for review at www.sedarplus.ca. The
reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to place undue reliance on forward-
looking information.



                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis     2

                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             B  3
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of
                                  new information, future events or otherwise.


                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
                                  This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National
                                  Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but
                                  are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", "base earnings (loss) - pre-tax", "base earnings: insurance service result", "base
                                  earnings: net investment result", "assets under management or advisement", "assets under administration", "client assets", "CSM impact (post-tax)",
                                  "non-par base operating and administration expenses", and "run-rate insurance results". Terms by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but
                                  are not limited to, “base earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, "base dividend payout ratio", "base capital generation",
                                  “cost of management ratio”, "efficiency ratio", “effective income tax rate – base earnings – common shareholders”, “financial leverage ratio” and "pre-
                                  tax base operating margin". Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios are used to provide management and investors with additional measures of
                                  performance to help assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS Accounting Standards) measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial
                                  measures and ratios do not have standard meanings prescribed by GAAP (IFRS Accounting Standards) and are not directly comparable to similar
                                  measures used by other companies. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations
                                  of these non-GAAP financial measures to measures prescribed by GAAP as well as additional details on each measure and ratio.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis   3

                                      B  4                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



1. Overview
Great West is a financial services holding company focused on building stronger, more inclusive and financially secure futures
and operates in the United States (U.S.), Canada and Europe primarily through Empower Annuity Insurance Company of
America (Empower), The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life), and Irish Life Group Limited (Irish Life). The
Company has a diversified mix of businesses within its reportable segments with focus on four key lines of business: retirement,
wealth, group benefits, and insurance and risk solutions and has approximately 40 million customer relationships. As of
March 31, 2026, Great West’s total client assets1 exceeded $3.3 trillion ($3.3 trillion as of December 31, 2025).
1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.


2. Consolidated Operating Results

    Selected consolidated financial information
                                                                                                                                            For the three months ended March 31
    (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                                                                                     2026                     2025       % Change
    Base earnings1                                                                                                          $             1,239    $                1,030             20%
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                                    1,192                        860            39%
      Per common share
        Basic:
          Base earnings2                                                                                                                    1.37                      1.11            23%
          Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                               1.32                       0.92            43%
        Dividends paid                                                                                                                    0.670                     0.610             10%




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Base dividend payout ratio2                                                                                                           48.8%                    55.0%
    Dividend payout ratio3                                                                                                                50.7%                    66.3%
    Book value per common share3                                                                                            $             28.41    $                27.61              3%
    Efficiency ratio2                                                                                                                     54.5%                    56.7%        -220 bps
    Base return on equity2                                                                                                                19.1%                    17.2%
    Return on equity3                                                                                                                     16.8%                    15.6%

                                                                                                                                  March 31, 2026       December 31, 2025 % Change
    Total assets per financial statements                                                                                   $           863,797    $             862,828              —%
    Total assets under management or advisement1                                                                                       1,144,397               1,136,256               1%
    Total assets under administration only3                                                                                            2,170,907               2,181,321              —%
    Total client assets1                                                                                                               3,315,304               3,317,577              —%
    Total assets under administration1                                                                                                 3,543,166               3,548,965              —%

    Total contractual service margin (net of reinsurance contracts held)                                                                 13,349                    13,530             (1)%

    Total equity                                                                                                                         33,165                    33,003             —%

    Canada Life consolidated Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio4                                                          129%                      128%         100 bps
    Financial leverage ratio2                                                                                                              28%                       28%              0 bps

1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
4     LICAT ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Great West's major Canadian operating subsidiary. The LICAT Ratio is calculated in
      accordance with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital Management and Adequacy" section of
      this document for additional details.




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis           4

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             B  5
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  2.1            Development Highlights
                                  United States
                                  •       During the first quarter of 2026, Empower announced a strategic partnership with Blackstone Inc., one of the world’s
                                          largest alternative asset managers, to expand access to private markets within defined contribution plans. The program
                                          enables plan participants to gain exposure to private equity, private credit, private infrastructure, and private real estate
                                          through collective investment trust (CIT) structures, with a focus on enhancing diversification and long-term return
                                          potential.
                                  Canada
                                      •   Subsequent to the first quarter of 2026, Canada Insurance & Annuities introduced new participating whole life insurance
                                          products which will enhance overall competitiveness of the offering, support the risk profile to enable sustainable long-
                                          term client outcomes and provide early and long-term values to better inform planning for advisors and their clients.
                                      •   Advancing digital capabilities to deliver superior customer and plan sponsor experience, including:
                                                 •   On April 6, 2026, Canada Group Benefits went live with a new online enrollment for existing plan members. This
                                                     is the first building block of a new online enrollment experience for plan members. Continued enhancements to
                                                     this new online enrollment experience will be delivered throughout 2026.
                                                 •   On April 7, 2026, Canada Group Benefits launched the disability provider portal pilot, extending Canada Life's
                                                     commitment to modernizing disability experience. The portal improves the speed and efficiency of collecting
                                                     medical information for plan members on disability benefits, improves the experience for members and medical
                                                     professionals, and allows for quicker claim decisions to get members the support and care they need faster. The
                                                     portal also allows plan sponsors to view all their disability claims and the current status in one place.
                                  Europe




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •       In the first quarter of 2026, Canada Life UK has secured approximately £90 million of bulk annuity new business across
                                          three deals. Canada Life UK has continued to broaden its reinsurance panel including onboarding a new reinsurance
                                          partner. Diversifying our reinsurance panel helps ensure our proposition in the market remains competitive as we
                                          progress our growth journey.
                                  •       In the first quarter of 2026, Keyridge Asset Management supported the launch of TirNua Capital Partners, Ireland’s first
                                          investment manager focused exclusively on the energy transition. Its inaugural infrastructure fund raised €340 million,
                                          including a €140 million cornerstone commitment from the Ireland Strategic Investment Fund (ISIF) and co-investment
                                          from Irish Life and Canada Life. The fund represents a significant new and long-term source of private investment in the
                                          Irish market. The Irish government launched Auto Enrollment on January 1, 2026 which has continued to support strong
                                          momentum in both Corporate and Individual Pension sales.
                                  •       In the first quarter of 2026, Canada Life Germany commenced tendering its new corporate disability offering, which it co-
                                          developed with one of its broker partners This offering expands the business’s presence in the protection market while
                                          strengthening the existing workplace benefits proposition.
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions
                                  •       Effective March 1st, 2026, Capital and Risk Solutions (CRS) exited its legacy Hong Kong life insurance business.

                                  2.2            Financial Performance Highlights
                                  •       The Company's efficiency ratio for the first quarter of 2026 was 54.5% compared to 56.7% in the same quarter last year. The
                                          improvement in Great West's efficiency ratio was the result of prudent expense management and strong base earnings
                                          growth across several segments.
                                  •       For the three months ended March 31, 2026, the Company repurchased 8.8 million shares for $567 million under the
                                          current normal course issuer bid (NCIB).
                                  •       The Company’s financial leverage ratio at March 31, 2026 was 28%, consistent with the ratio at the end of 2025.
                                  •       The Canada Life Assurance Company LICAT ratio increased by 100 bps to 129% from December 31, 2025, due to
                                          seasonality of required capital partially offset by changes in market conditions.




                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis   5

                                          B  6                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



2.3              Base and Net Earnings
                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                             2026                        2025     % Change
    Base earnings (loss)1
        United States                                                                                                       $                 430 $                       365            18%
        Canada                                                                                                                                352                         316            11%
        Europe                                                                                                                                273                         239            14%
        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                            300                         213            41%
        Corporate                                                                                                                            (116)                       (103)          (13)%
    Great West base earnings1                                                                                               $               1,239 $                     1,030            20%

    Items excluded from base earnings
        Market experience relative to expectations2                                                                         $                   16 $                       (91)          nmf
        Assumption changes and management actions2                                                                                               3                         (32)          nmf
        Business transformation and other impacts2                                                                                             (32)                        (10)   <(100)%
        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles                                                                            (34)                        (37)           8%
        Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                                                           —                           —            nmf
    Items excluded from Great West base earnings                                                                            $                  (47) $                    (170)           72%

    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders
      United States                                                                                                         $                 352 $                       338             4%
      Canada                                                                                                                                  356                         301            18%




                                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Europe                                                                                                                                  255                         167            53%
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                              353                         184            92%
      Corporate                                                                                                                              (124)                       (130)            5%
    Great West net earnings - common shareholders                                                                           $               1,192 $                       860            39%

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Base Earnings
Base earnings for the first quarter of 2026 of $1,239 million ($1.37 per common share) increased by $209 million or 20% from
$1,030 million ($1.11 per common share) a year ago. The results include:
    •      United States - Higher fee and spread income from market-driven and business growth in the Retirement and Wealth
           lines of businesses, as well as lower credit-related impacts in the Retirement line of business, partially offset by an increase
           in operating expenses to support growth;
    •      Canada - Increased fee income from Retirement and Wealth from market-driven asset growth, favourable Insurance &
           Annuities experience and improved investment results;
    •      Europe - Higher Insurance & Annuities earnings from favourable trading gains and higher CSM recognized for services
           provided;
    •      Capital and Risk Solutions - New business growth within Capital Solutions and favourable Risk Solutions experience
           during the quarter; and
    •      Corporate - Base loss driven by higher corporate shared service expenses and unfavourable contributions from the U.S.
           legacy insurance portfolio.
Net Earnings - common shareholders
Great West's net earnings for the three months ended March 31, 2026 of $1,192 million ($1.32 per common share) increased by
$332 million or 39% compared to $860 million ($0.92 per common share) for the same period a year ago. The increase was
primarily due to an increase in base earnings and the net impacts of the following items excluded from base earnings:
    •      Favourable market experience through movements in risk-free interest rates in the U.K.;
    •      Favourable impact of assumption changes and management actions. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management
           Actions" section of this document for additional details; and
    •      Partially offset by unfavourable results relative to expectation within real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts.




                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis           6

                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             B  7
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  2.4            Foreign Currency
                                  Through its operating subsidiaries, Great West conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the
                                  Canadian dollar, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and
                                  liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense
                                  items are translated at an average rate for the period. The rates employed are:

                                                                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2026               2025
                                      Income and expenses
                                      United States dollar                                                                                                                   $                     1.37 $              1.43
                                      British pound                                                                                                                                                1.85                1.81
                                      Euro                                                                                                                                                         1.61                1.51

                                                                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2026         December 31, 2025
                                      Assets and liabilities
                                      United States dollar                                                                                                                   $                     1.39 $              1.37
                                      British pound                                                                                                                                                1.84                1.85
                                      Euro                                                                                                                                                         1.61                1.61

                                  The overall impact of currency movement for the three months ended March 31, 2026 compared to translation rates a year ago
                                  are summarized below:

                                                                                                                                                             March 31, 2026 vs March 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Base Earnings                                                                                                                  Decrease of $13 million
                                      Net Earnings                                                                                                                    Decrease of $3 million

                                  The movements in end-of-period exchange rates impacting the translation of foreign operations, including related hedging
                                  activities, resulted in post-tax unrealized foreign exchange gains of $186 million in-quarter recorded in other comprehensive
                                  income (OCI).

                                  2.5            Taxes
                                  The Company's effective income tax rates on earnings attributable to common shareholders are presented below.

                                      Effective Income Tax Rates                                                                                                                 For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2026               2025
                                      Base earnings1                                                                                                                                           16.9 %               17.2 %
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                                                       17.3 %               16.1 %

                                  1    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to
                                  non-taxable investment income and lower income tax rates in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  The effective income tax rate varies from period to period as a result of changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings and
                                  movements in non-taxable investment income. It may also be affected by other items such as provision-to-return adjustments,
                                  tax rate changes, the recognition of tax credits and updates to tax estimates, including deferred tax asset recoverability and
                                  uncertain tax position estimates.
                                  Refer to note 14 of the Company's interim consolidated financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2026 for further
                                  details.




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis            7

                                          B  8                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



2.6              Items Excluded from Base Earnings
Market Experience Relative to Expectations
                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                            2026                       2025
    Public equity market impacts                                                                                                         $                      9 $                      (15)
    Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                                                                                                      (78)                       (38)
    Interest rate and other impacts                                                                                                                            85                        (38)
    Total market experience relative to expectations                                                                                     $                     16 $                      (91)

Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's consolidated
statements of earnings, positively impacted net earnings by $16 million in the first quarter of 2026, compared to a negative
impact of $91 million in the first quarter of 2025. The in-quarter impact was primarily due to:
    •      Negative real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts primarily from unfavourable results relative to expectations
           in the U.S. segment; and
    •      Positive interest rate and other impacts primarily from the change in risk-free interest rates in the U.K.
The Company mitigates interest rate risk through disciplined asset-liability cash flow matching. As a result, the current-period
impact of interest rate changes is largely offset, as changes in the fair value of bonds backing insurance contract liabilities are
generally matched by corresponding changes in those liabilities. However, differences in interest rate sensitivity between assets
and insurance and investment contract liabilities create net earnings sensitivity arising from asset-liability management
strategies and accounting policy choices. These choices, which consider regulatory capital impacts, may increase net earnings
sensitivity while reducing capital sensitivity. For example, the use of public equities and other non-fixed income assets, as well
as certain assets held at amortized cost (such as U.K. mortgage assets), introduces interest rate exposure in net earnings.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Sensitivity also varies by geography and by the magnitude and term structure of interest rate changes.
For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity markets and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity
disclosures as a result of current market conditions, refer to the "Risk Management" section of this document as well as note 6
of the Company's interim consolidated financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2026.
Assumption Changes and Management Actions
Changes in insurance risk assumptions and certain management actions directly affect the CSM for contracts which have CSM.
For contracts measured under the General Measurement Model, these impacts are measured using locked-in rates. Net
earnings impacts arise from differences between the fair value measurement of assumption changes affecting CSM and the
corresponding impacts recognized in CSM at locked-in rates, as well as from assumption changes related to financial risks on
certain products and insurance risks on contracts without a CSM, including short-term insurance contracts. For a further
description of the significant judgments, estimates and assumptions applied by management that affect the contractual service
margin, refer to note 2 of the Company’s interim consolidated financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2026.
The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management actions on non-
participating business, excluding segregated funds, for the three months ended March 31, 2026 and the same quarter in the
prior year.

                                                                                      Net Earnings
                                         CSM impacts          CSM impacts                   Impact
    Assumptions                             (pre-tax)           (post-tax)1             (post-tax) Description
    For the three months ended March 31, 2026
    Longevity                        $                — $                     — $                    —
    Mortality                                         —                       —                      —
    Policyholder behaviour                            —                       —                      —
    Other                                            (61)                    (49)                    3 Other updates, including management actions in the Capital and Risk
                                                                                                       Solutions segment and in the Corporate segment
    Total                            $               (61) $                  (49) $                   3

    For the three months ended March 31, 2025
    Total                            $                10 $                      7 $                 (32)

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
The following table summarizes the impact of assumption changes and management actions for the three ended March 31,
2026 by segment:



                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis          8

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             B  9
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                                                                                                                        For the three months ended March 31, 2026                        For the three
                                                                                                                                                                                                        months ended
                                                                                                 U.S.         Canada               Europe                   CRS        Corporate               Total   March 31, 2025
                                      CSM Impacts (pre-tax)1                                $     — $                 — $                (10) $              (51) $               — $           (61) $             10
                                      CSM Impact (post-tax)                                       —                   —                   (9)                (40)                 —             (49)                7
                                      Net Earnings Impacts (post-tax)                             —                   (3)                 (5)                 30                 (19)             3               (32)
                                      CSM Impacts (Segregated Fund Business)                      —                   —                  (10)                 —                   —             (10)               (1)

                                  1       Excludes participating and segregated fund policies.
                                  Changes in assumption and management actions during the interim period primarily reflect routine model refinements and
                                  management actions on non-participating business. Models and corresponding assumptions are subject to a comprehensive
                                  annual review in the third quarter, when more significant movements in this category are typically observed. In-period
                                  movement also includes:
                                      •      In the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, a management action on the U.S. life reinsurance portfolio positively impacted
                                             net earnings and decreased CSM; and
                                      •      In the Corporate segment, a management action on a U.S. legacy insurance portfolio negatively impacted net earnings.
                                  Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
                                  For the first quarter of 2026, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $66 million compared to negative $47
                                  million for the same period a year ago. Business transformation and other impacts increased by $22 million compared to the
                                  same period in the prior year, primarily driven by restructuring provisions recorded in the U.S. and Europe segments in the
                                  current quarter.

                                  3. Segmented Operating Results




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Consolidated operating results for Great West comprise the results of Empower, Canada Life and Irish Life. The following
                                  sections analyze the performance of Great West's five reportable segments: United States, Canada, Europe, Capital and Risk
                                  Solutions and Corporate. Refer to the Company's 2025 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's reportable
                                  segments.
                                  Translation of Foreign Currency
                                  For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated
                                  into Canadian dollars at the period-end exchange rates. All income and expense items are translated at an average rate for the
                                  period. Please refer to the "Foreign Currency" section in this document for more details.
                                  Lines of Business
                                  The Company has a diversified mix of businesses, within its reportable segments, with focus on four key lines of business:
                                  Retirement: Great West's retirement business includes employer-sponsored benefit plans, an array of financial wellness
                                  programs, administrative and recordkeeping services, including enrollment, communication strategies and education
                                  programs and advanced data analytics and technology to provide a fully integrated consumer-directed healthcare suite that
                                  brings health and wealth benefits together on one platform.
                                  Wealth: This business provides a broad suite of financial products and solutions including personalized advisory services,
                                  investment management and digital tools to provide actionable financial insights, portfolio monitoring and planning.
                                  Group Benefits: Great West's group benefits business includes group life and health benefits (coverage over life, disability,
                                  critical illness, accidental death and dismemberment, dental and extended health care) and group creditor products and
                                  services.
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions: Great West's insurance & risk solutions business includes individual life insurance products,
                                  living benefits, retirement income plans (annuities and deferred annuities products), capital solutions and risk solutions.




                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis        9

                                             B  10                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



The following table provides an overview of the Company's lines of business across our reportable segments:

                                                                                                    Reportable Segments1

           Lines of                                                                                                                                              Capital and Risk
                                                  U.S.                                    Canada                                        Europe2
           Business                                                                                                                                                 Solutions

                                       Empower Workplace                            Group Capital
           Retirement                                                                                                            Group Pension
                                           Solutions                              Accumulation Plans

                                        Empower Personal                       Savings and Retirement                          European Individual
             Wealth
                                            Wealth                                  Income Plans                                    Wealth

                                                                              Group Life, Disability and                 Group Life, Disability and
        Group Benefits
                                                                                  Health Benefits                            Irish Life Health

                                                                               Individual Life Insurance                  Individual Life Insurance
     Insurance & Risk                                                                                                                                          Capital Solutions and
                                                                                     and Annuities                              and Annuities
         Solutions                                                                                                                                               Risk Solutions
                                                                                "Insurance & Annuities"                    "Insurance & Annuities"

1 Corporate segment is excluded.

2 Operates through Irish Life in Ireland and Canada Life in the U.K. and Germany.




3.1              United States




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The United States segment comprises two distinct lines of business: Retirement and Wealth. The segment’s operating results
include results for Empower and an allocation of a portion of Great West’s Corporate results.
Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                                                  For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                              2026                      2025     % Change
    Base earnings (US$)1
        Retirement                                                                                                         $                      224 $                  190          18%
        Wealth                                                                                                                                     66                      40         65%
        Earnings on surplus                                                                                                                        24                      25         (4)%
    Base earnings (US$)1                                                                                                   $                      314 $                  255          23%
        Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                                                                                    (57)                   (18)    <(100)%
    Net earnings - common shareholders (US$)                                                                               $                      257 $                  237           8%

    Base earnings (C$)1                                                                                                    $                      430 $                  365          18%
    Net earnings - common shareholders (C$)                                                                                $                      352 $                  338           4%
1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.


Base earnings and net earnings
Net earnings for the first quarter of 2026 of US$257 million increased by US$20 million compared to the same quarter last year.
Base earnings of US$314 million increased by US$59 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to:
    •      Higher fee and spread income driven by higher asset levels from market-driven growth and business growth in both lines
           of business;
    •      Lower credit-related impacts in Retirement in the current quarter when compared to the prior year; and
    •      Partially offset by higher operating expenses incurred to support the growth in both lines of business.
Items excluded from base earnings was negative US$57 million for the first quarter of 2026 compared to negative US$18 million
a year ago, primarily due to:
    •      Unfavourable results relative to expectation within real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts; and
    •      Higher restructuring expenses related to creating operational efficiencies.




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis          10

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  11
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                                                                                   For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                                   2026                    2025    % Change
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1
                                        Retirement                                                                                                          $                     1,611 $                 5,203        (69)%
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                    1,831                   2,768        (34)%
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1                                                                                              $                     3,442 $                 7,971        (57)%
                                      Net asset flows - (C$)1                                                                                               $                     4,715 $                11,398        (59)%

                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)1
                                        Retirement                                                                                                          $                        745 $                  707          5%
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                       221                    171         29%
                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)1                                                                                      $                       966 $                   878         10%
                                      Net fee and spread income (C$)1                                                                                       $                     1,324 $                 1,254          6%

                                                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2026              December 31, 2025   % Change
                                      Assets under administration (US$)2
                                          Assets under management or advisement2                                                                            $                 416,113 $                 416,521         —%
                                          Assets under administration only1                                                                                                 1,555,947                  1,586,176        (2)%
                                      Total client assets (US$)2                                                                                            $               1,972,060 $                2,002,697        (2)%

                                      Total assets under administration (US$)2                                                                              $               2,004,531 $                2,037,186        (2)%
                                      Total assets under administration (C$)2                                                                               $               2,786,298 $                2,790,945        —%




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Average client assets (US$)1
                                          Average client assets - Retirement                                                                                $               1,919,692 $                1,890,253         2%
                                          Average client assets - Wealth                                                                                                      111,389                   108,185          3%
                                      Total average client assets (US$)1                                                                                    $               2,031,081 $                1,998,438         2%
                                      Total average client assets (C$)1                                                                                     $               2,782,581 $                2,777,829        —%
                                  1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.


                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the first quarter of 2026, net asset inflows were US$3.4 billion, compared to net asset inflows of US$8.0 billion for the same
                                  quarter last year. The decrease was primarily due to:
                                      •      Higher large plan terminations in Retirement;
                                      •      Higher participant net redemptions in Retirement;
                                      •      Higher terminations and withdrawals in Wealth; and
                                      •      Partially offset by increased large plan sales in Retirement.
                                  Large plan sales and terminations can be highly variable from period to period and tend to result in lower margins but
                                  nonetheless contribute to covering fixed overhead costs. The number of participants at the end of the first quarter of 2026
                                  increased from the end of the first quarter of 2025 in both Retirement and Wealth.




                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis           11

                                             B  12                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


3.2              Canada
The Canada segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The segment includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together with an allocation of
a portion of Great West's Corporate results.
Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                                            For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                            2026                        2025     % Change
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Retirement                                                                                                           $                  43 $                        38          13%
      Wealth                                                                                                                                  57                          54           6%
      Group Benefits                                                                                                                         150                         143           5%
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                   74                          58          28%
      Earnings on surplus                                                                                                                     26                          26          —%
      Other                                                                                                                                    2                           (3)         nmf
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                  $                 352 $                       316          11%
        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                      4                         (15)          nmf
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                     $                 356 $                       301          18%
1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

Base and net earnings
Net earnings for the first quarter of 2026 of $356 million increased by $55 million compared to the same quarter last year. Base
earnings for the first quarter of 2026 of $352 million increased by $36 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
due to:
    •      Retirement and Wealth - Increase from higher client assets primarily driven by market growth;
    •      Group Benefits - Continuing growth in expected profit and higher investment results, partially offset by more moderate
           insurance experience; and
    •      Insurance & Annuities - Increase from improved mortality experience and improved investment results.
Items excluded from base earnings of $4 million for the first quarter of 2026 increased by $19 million from the comparative
period primarily due to favourable public equity market impacts and favourable interest rate movement impacts.
For the first quarter of 2026, net gain attributable to the participating account was $88 million, compared to gain of $26 million
for the same quarter last year, driven by the impact of assumption changes.




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis          12

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  13
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis




                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                                                                                   For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                                   2026                     2025      % Change
                                      Sales1
                                        Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                                                           $                        106 $                    125         (15)%
                                        Group Benefits (ASO & Other)1                                                                                                                 74                      233         (68)%
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                        121                      107          13%

                                      Net asset flows1
                                        Retirement                                                                                                          $                        484 $                   (479)         nmf
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                      (361)                     (35)     <(100)%
                                      Net asset flows1                                                                                                      $                        123 $                   (514)           nmf

                                      Net fee and spread income1
                                        Retirement                                                                                                          $                        125 $                    116             8%
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                       238                      233             2%
                                      Net fee and spread income1                                                                                            $                        363 $                    349             4%

                                      Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & Other)                                                                     $                        107 $                    106             1%

                                                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2026              December 31, 2025      % Change
                                      Assets under administration2
                                        Assets under management or advisement2                                                                              $                 215,121 $                 214,765             —%
                                        Assets under administration only1                                                                                                       2,835                     2,942             (4)%




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Total client assets2                                                                                                  $                 217,956 $                 217,707             —%

                                      Total assets under administration2,3                                                                                  $                 330,811 $                 330,917             —%

                                      Average client assets1
                                          Average client assets - Retirement                                                                                $                   87,410 $                  85,317              2%
                                          Average client assets - Wealth                                                                                                      132,320                   130,387               1%
                                      Total average client assets1                                                                                          $                 219,730 $                 215,704               2%

                                      Contractual service margin
                                          Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                                                         $                        507 $                    513           (1)%
                                          Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                                                               1,684                    1,731            (3)%
                                          Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                                                                   3,340                    3,305            1%
                                      Contractual service margin                                                                                            $                     5,531 $                  5,549            —%

                                      Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                                                           $                     7,299 $                  7,527            (3)%
                                  1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  3       At March 31, 2026, Canada Life had $7.1 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($7.4 billion at December 31, 2025). $4.3 billion ($4.1 billion as at December 31,
                                          2025) of these assets are consolidated as investment on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.

                                  Sales
                                  Canada sales for the first quarter of 2026 decreased compared to the same period last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      Group Benefits (Insured) sales decreased by $19 million primarily due to lower large case sales;
                                      •      Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales decreased by $159 million, primarily due to a large one-time creditor sale in the prior
                                             year with no comparable sale this period; and
                                      •      Insurance & Annuities sales increased by $14 million, primarily due to improved Par sales, along with higher Term and
                                             Annuity sales.
                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the first quarter of 2026, net asset inflows were $123 million compared to net asset outflows of $514 million for the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      Retirement net asset inflows increased due to large case sales in the current quarter and improved terminations compared
                                             to prior year; and
                                      •      Wealth net asset outflows increased due to lower Investment Planning Counsel net cash flow.



                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis               13

                                             B  14                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



3.3              Europe
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The segment serves customers in the U.K. and Germany operating under the Canada Life brand and in Ireland under the Irish
Life brand along with other acquired brands within the intermediary and wealth markets in Ireland. The segment's results also
include an allocation of a portion of Great West's Corporate results.
Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                                            For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                            2026                        2025     % Change
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Retirement                                                                                                           $                  14 $                          7         100%
      Wealth                                                                                                                                  63                           54          17%
      Group Benefits                                                                                                                          61                           61           —%
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                  112                           89          26%
      Earnings on surplus                                                                                                                      23                          28         (18)%
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                  $                 273 $                       239           14%
        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                     (18)                        (72)         75%
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                     $                 255 $                       167           53%
1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.


Base and net earnings
Net earnings for the first quarter of 2026 of $255 million increased by $88 million compared to the same quarter last year. Base




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
earnings for the first quarter of 2026 increased by $34 million compared to the same quarter last year. The increase in base
earnings is primarily due to:
    •      Retirement and Wealth - Increase due to favourable net fee and spread income from strong net asset flows and market
           growth;
    •      Insurance & Annuities - Increase due to favourable trading gains and higher CSM recognized for services provided; and
    •      Partially offset by lower earnings on surplus due to lower surplus asset balances.
Items excluded from base earnings increased by $54 million to negative $18 million primarily due to favourable market
experience relative to expectations compared to a negative impact in the prior year, primarily due to changes in risk-free
interest rates in the United Kingdom (U.K.).




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis           14

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  15
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                      Additional financial information
                                                                                                                                                                                   For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                    March 31, 2026                     March 31, 2025   % Change
                                      Sales1
                                        Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                                                            $                       125 $                       103       21%
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                        944                         940       —%

                                      Net asset flows1
                                        Retirement                                                                                                           $                      417 $                        322       30%
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                    4,302                        2,048     >100%
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                                                        —                            18        nmf
                                      Net asset flows1                                                                                                       $                    4,719 $                      2,388       98%

                                      Net fee and spread income1
                                        Retirement                                                                                                           $                        43 $                        28       54%
                                        Wealth                                                                                                                                       160                         149        7%
                                      Net fee and spread income1                                                                                             $                       203 $                       177       15%

                                                                                                                                                                    March 31, 2026             December 31, 2025        % Change
                                      Assets under administration2
                                        Assets under management or advisement2                                                                               $                 291,222 $                     290,863       —%
                                          Assets under administration only1                                                                                                      5,305                         5,318       —%
                                      Total client assets2                                                                                                   $                 296,527 $                     296,181       —%

                                      Total assets under administration2,3




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                             $                 354,720 $                     355,415       —%

                                      Average client assets1
                                          Average client assets - Retirement                                                                                 $                   38,503 $                     37,503        3%
                                          Average client assets - Wealth                                                                                                       257,850                       254,148        1%
                                      Total average client assets1                                                                                           $                 296,353 $                     291,651        2%

                                      Contractual service margin
                                          Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                                                          $                    3,828 $                      3,866       (1)%
                                          Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                                                               1,461                        1,487       (2)%
                                      Contractual service margin                                                                                             $                    5,289 $                      5,353       (1)%

                                      Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                                                            $                    3,078 $                      3,027        2%
                                  1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  3       At March 31, 2026, total assets under administration excludes $23.9 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Great West group of companies ($23.7 billion at
                                          December 31 2025).


                                  Sales
                                  Europe sales for the first quarter of 2026 increased compared to the same period last year primarily due to:
                                      •      Group Benefits (Insured) sales increased by $22 million, primarily due to higher Irish group and health sales;
                                      •      Insurance & Annuities sales increased by $4 million, mainly due to strong individual annuity sales in the U.K., partially
                                             offset by lower bulk annuity sales in Ireland and the U.K. due to the timing of expected transactions; and
                                      •      The positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business.
                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the first quarter of 2026, net asset inflows were $4.7 billion compared to net asset inflows of $2.4 billion for the same quarter
                                  last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      Positive net wealth inflows in individual pension, institutional investor sales and savings and retirement;
                                      •      The impact of currency movements; and
                                      •      Partially offset by the final $124 million transfer of the U.K. Scottish Friendly book of business in Wealth during the first
                                             quarter of 2026, following the transfer in July and December 2025.




                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis              15

                                             B  16                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



3.4               Capital and Risk Solutions
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment primarily includes Great West's reinsurance business and an allocation of a portion of
Great West's Corporate results.
Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                             2026                        2025     % Change
    Base earnings (loss)1
        Reinsurance                                                                                                          $                 280 $                      197          42%
        Earnings on surplus                                                                                                                     20                         16          25%
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                    $                 300 $                      213          41%
        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                       53                         (29)        nmf
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                       $                 353 $                      184          92%

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.


Base and net earnings
Net earnings for the first quarter of 2026 of $353 million increased by $169 million compared to the same quarter last year. Base
earnings for the first quarter of 2026 increased by $87 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily driven by:
    •      Capital Solutions new business growth and favourable Risk Solutions experience.
Items excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2026 were positive $53 million compared to negative $29 million for
the same quarter last year, primarily due to:




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    •      The change in risk-free rates; and
    •      Positive impact from a management action relating to the U.S. life business.
    Additional financial information
                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                              2026                       2025     % Change
    Run-rate insurance results by product1
      Capital Solutions                                                                                                       $                169 $                      119          42%
      Risk Solutions (excl. P&C2)                                                                                                               89                         92          (3)%
      P&C2 and other                                                                                                                            17                         18          (6)%
    Total run-rate insurance results1                                                                                         $                275 $                      229          20%


                                                                                                                                    March 31, 2026     December 31, 2025          % Change
    Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                $            11,680 $                   11,694           —%

    Contractual service margin
      Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                                                                         $              2,343 $                    2,430          (4)%
        Reinsurance - Participating                                                                                                               1                          1         —%
    Contractual service margin                                                                                                $              2,344 $                    2,431          (4)%

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for the definition of P&C.

3.5               Corporate
The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Great West that are not associated with the major business
units of the Company. These items include:
•          Certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly associated with the
           operations of the major business units of the Company;
•          The results of PanAgora Asset Management;
•          Dividend income from shareholdings in Franklin Resources, Inc. (Franklin Templeton); and
•          The results of the U.S. legacy insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating
           policies, which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life retrocession block and guaranteed lifetime
           withdrawal benefit (GLWB) product.


                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis          16

                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  17
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Selected Financial Information - Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                                 2026                         2025    % Change
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                                                                  $                   (116) $                      (103)      (13)%
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                                                          (8)                         (27)       70%
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                                                              $                   (124) $                      (130)         5%

                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  In the first quarter of 2026, Corporate had a net loss of $124 million compared to a net loss of $130 million for the same quarter
                                  last year. Base loss of $116 million increased by $13 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      Higher corporate shared service expenses; and
                                      •      Unfavourable contributions from the U.S. legacy insurance portfolio;
                                      •      Partially offset by the settlement of an outstanding commodity tax matter related to a prior year; and
                                      •      Favourable contributions from PanAgora.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the first quarter of 2026 of negative $8 million was compared to negative $27 million for
                                  the same quarter last year, due to:
                                      •      Favourable market experience; and
                                      •      Partially offset by a management action on a U.S. legacy insurance portfolio.
                                  4. Consolidated Financial Position

                                  4.1              Assets




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                            Par          Non-Par                 As at March 31, 2026                As at December 31, 2025
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                $              — $            9,857       $                           9,857       $                      8,902
                                      Bonds - Public1                                                                  23,461             115,067                                 138,528                             138,726
                                      Bonds - Private                                                                    9,857             25,737                                   35,594                             35,742
                                      Mortgage loans                                                                   12,100              24,158                                   36,258                             36,873
                                      Stocks                                                                           12,238                9,001                                  21,239                             21,515
                                      Investment properties                                                              5,766               2,678                                   8,444                              8,293
                                      Invested assets                                                          $       63,422 $           186,498        $                        249,920        $                    250,051

                                      Insurance contract assets                                                                                                                      1,591                              1,571
                                      Reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                              16,446                             16,850
                                      Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                                                16,279                             16,195
                                      Other assets                                                                                                                                  26,025                             26,992
                                      Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                                     553,536                             551,169
                                      Total assets                                                                                                       $                        863,797        $                    862,828

                                  1 Included in Non-Participating and Participating Bonds - Public are 144A debt securities and similar exempt-market bonds.


                                  Invested Assets
                                  The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the
                                  Company's insurance and investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and
                                  conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the
                                  Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering
                                  liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general fund are in medium-term and
                                  long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the Company’s liabilities.
                                  Bond portfolio
                                  It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment
                                  policies. Modest investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline
                                  and conservative approach to the investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $174.1
                                  billion or 70% of invested assets at March 31, 2026 compared to $174.5 billion or 70% at December 31, 2025. The decrease in the
                                  bond portfolio was primarily due to an increase in bond yields in Canada and the U.S.




                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis               17

                                             B  18                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 98% of the portfolio rated investment grade and 70% rated A or
higher. Private bonds represent 14% of invested assets, are predominately investment-grade (95%) and are heavily weighted
towards infrastructure sectors.
Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to March 31, 2026. Management continues to closely monitor bond
rating agency activity and general market conditions.
Public Bonds reflect fixed income securities those that are actively traded by retail or institutional investors, while Private
Bonds are all other fixed income securities.

Bond portfolio by credit quality                                                                                        As at March 31, 2026                   As at December 31, 2025
Bonds - Public1                                                                                                                  Total         %                          Total         %
   AAA                                                                                                    $                     24,604         18 % $                    26,005         19 %
   AA                                                                                                                           29,555         21                        29,138         20
   A                                                                                                                            49,924         36                        49,602         36
   BBB                                                                                                                         33,150           24                      32,792         24
   BB or lower                                                                                                                  1,295            1                       1,189          1
Total Bonds - Public                                                                                      $                   138,528          100 % $                 138,726        100 %
Bonds - Private2
   AAA                                                                                                    $                        430          1% $                        594          2%
   AA                                                                                                                            2,914          8                         3,024          8
   A                                                                                                                            13,847         39                        13,740         38
   BBB                                                                                                                          16,693         47                        16,684         47
      BB or lower                                                                                                                    1,710      5                         1,700           5
Total Bonds - Private                                                                                     $                     35,594         100 % $                   35,742       100 %




                                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total Bonds                                                                                               $                   174,122                  $               174,468

1 Included in Bonds - Public are 144A debt securities and similar exempt-market bonds.

2 Includes public, private and internal ratings. Ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time. See

also “Credit Risk” in the Risk Management section of the Company's 2025 Annual MD&A.



Bond Geographic Breakdown                                                                                                  As at March 31, 2026                As at December 31, 2025
Bonds - Government, government-related and agency securitized bonds                                                                    Total        %                      Total        %
   U.S.                                                                                                          $                     8,913        19 % $               10,391         21 %
   Canada                                                                                                                             17,602        38                   17,659         37
   Europe                                                                                                                             16,681        36                   17,313         36
   All Other                                                                                                                           3,048      7                       3,042         6
Total                                                                                                            $                    46,244    100 % $                  48,405       100 %
Bonds - Corporate and Non-Agency Securitized Bonds
   U.S.                                                                                                          $                    69,797        54 % $               68,067         54 %
   Canada                                                                                                                             23,804        19                   23,331         18
   Europe                                                                                                                             28,388        22                   28,863         23
   All Other                                                                                                                           5,889         5                    5,802          5
Total                                                                                                            $                   127,878    100 % $                126,063        100 %
Total Bonds                                                                                                      $                   174,122               $           174,468




                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis              18

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                               B  19
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  Bond Industry Breakdown                                                                            As at March 31, 2026                    As at December 31, 2025
                                  Bonds - Gov't, Gov't Related and Agency Securitized Bonds
                                  Bonds - Corporate
                                     Electric Utilities                                                                    $                 18,723           15 % $                18,645     15 %
                                     Consumer Products                                                                                       16,597           13                    16,057     12
                                     Industrial Products                                                                                     13,292           10                    13,053     10
                                     Banks                                                                                                    6,879            5                     7,372      6
                                     Financial Services                                                                                      10,985            8                    10,369      8
                                     Real Estate                                                                                              7,168            6                     7,283      6
                                     Transportation                                                                                           8,112            6                     8,172      6
                                     Energy                                                                                                   8,489            7                     8,295      7
                                     Technology                                                                                               6,345            5                     5,966      5
                                     Communications                                                                                           4,819            4                     4,473      4
                                     Gas Utilities                                                                                            4,066            3                     4,004      3
                                     Auto & Auto Parts                                                                                        3,122            2                     2,907      2
                                      Other Utilities                                                                                          3,355            3                    3,433      3
                                  Bonds - Non-Agency Securitized
                                     CMBS                                                                                                     3,374            3                     3,528      3
                                     RMBS                                                                                                       113           —                        113     —
                                     Other ABS                                                                                               12,439           10                    12,393     10
                                  Total                                                                                    $                127,878         100 % $                126,063    100 %

                                  Mortgage portfolio




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and
                                  diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit
                                  monitoring processes for commercial loans. The majority of the commercial mortgages held in the Europe segment are carried
                                  at amortized cost and therefore there are no fair value movements recorded on these holdings. The Canada, Europe and
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions segments also hold equity release mortgages within the mortgage portfolio. Equity release
                                  mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue living in their homes while accessing some of the underlying
                                  equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the borrower dies or moves into long-term care.

                                                                                                                                       As at March 31, 2026                  As at December 31, 2025
                                   Mortgage loans by type                             Par                    Non-Par                          Total     %                              Total    %
                                     Single family residential        $               500      $                 152           $                652     2% $                            765      2%
                                      Multi-family residential                     4,027                         5,266                           9,293         26                    9,333     25
                                      Equity release                                 612                         4,941                           5,553         15                    5,664     16
                                      Commercial                                   6,961                        13,799                          20,760         57                   21,111     57
                                  Total                               $          12,100        $                24,158         $                36,258       100 % $                36,873    100 %

                                                                                                                                       As at March 31, 2026                       December 31, 2025
                                  Mortgage loans by geography                                                                          Total            %                       Total          %
                                     Canada                                                                                    $             13,714    38 % $                         13,953   38 %
                                     U.S.                                                                                                    10,440    29                             10,537   29
                                     Europe                                                                                                  11,896    33                             12,179   33
                                     All Other                                                                                                  208    —                                 204   —
                                  Total                                                                                        $                36,258        100 % $               36,873    100 %


                                  The total mortgage portfolio was $36.3 billion or 15% of invested assets at March 31, 2026, compared to $36.9 billion or 15% of
                                  invested assets at December 31, 2025. At March 31, 2026, total par loans were $12.1 billion or 33% of the mortgage portfolio,
                                  compared to $12.3 billion or 33% at December 31, 2025, and total non-par loans were $24.2 billion or 67% of the mortgage
                                  portfolio, compared to $24.5 billion or 67% at December 31, 2025.
                                  The mortgage portfolio, excluding single-family and equity-release mortgages, has a weighted-average loan-to-value of 57%,
                                  with insured loans representing 7% of total mortgage balances, all of which are Canadian-insured. Approximately 89% of
                                  single-family mortgages are fixed-rate, while 99% of commercial and multi-family mortgages are fixed-rate.




                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis          19

                                      B  20                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Stocks
                                                                                                                 As at March 31, 2026           As at December 31, 2025
By Geography                                                                                                           Total     %                        Total    %
Publicly Traded Stocks
  Canada                                                                                                $                10,374    76 % $                 10,887        76 %
  U.S.                                                                                                                    2,749    20                      3,095        21
  Europe                                                                                                                    339     3                        269         2
   All Other                                                                                                                136     1                        109         1
Total Publicly Traded Stocks                                                                            $                13,598   100 % $                 14,360       100 %
Privately Held Stocks
   Canada                                                                                               $                 2,507    33 % $                  2,235        31 %
   U.S.                                                                                                                   3,981    52                      3,783        53
   Europe                                                                                                                   515     7                        500         7
   All Other                                                                                                                638     8                        637         9
Total Privately Held Stocks                                                                             $                 7,641   100 % $                  7,155       100 %
Total Stocks                                                                                            $                21,239         $                 21,515

The total stock portfolio was $21.2 billion or 9% of invested assets at March 31, 2026, compared to $21.5 billion or 9% of invested
assets at December 31, 2025. At March 31, 2026, publicly traded stocks and privately held stocks were $13.6 billion and $7.6
billion, respectively, compared to $14.4 billion and $7.2 billion at December 31, 2025.
Privately held stocks primarily consist of investments in investment funds, including private equity, infrastructure, and other
alternative asset strategies.
Investment Properties




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                 As at March 31, 2026           As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                       Total     %                        Total    %
By Type
 Industrial                                                                                             $                 2,757   33 % $                    2,745      33 %
 Office                                                                                                                   1,703    20                       1,575       19
 Multi-family                                                                                                             2,190    26                       2,172       26
 Retail                                                                                                                   1,066    13                       1,059       13
 Other                                                                                                                      728     9                         742        9
Total investment properties                                                                             $                 8,444   100 % $                   8,293      100 %

                                                                                                                 As at March 31, 2026           As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                       Total     %                        Total    %
By Segment
 U.S.                                                                                                   $                   16     —% $                         16      —%
 Canada - Participating                                                                                                   5,766    69                       5,629       68
 Canada - Non-Participating                                                                                                 870    10                         849       10
 Europe                                                                                                                   1,792    21                       1,799       22
Total investment properties                                                                             $                 8,444   100 % $                   8,293      100 %

The total investment property portfolio was $8.4 billion or 3% of invested assets at March 31, 2026, compared to $8.3 billion or
3% of invested assets at December 31, 2025.
Investment property holdings are well diversified by property type, with a weighted average lease term exceeding 6 years.




                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      20

                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  21
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  4.2        Liabilities
                                                                                                                                              As at March 31, 2026                     As at December 31, 2025
                                   Insurance contract liabilities                                                                    $                    160,315                  $                  161,644
                                   Investment contract liabilities                                                                                         89,625                                      89,042
                                   Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                       892                                         919
                                   Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                     8,858                                       8,792
                                   Other general fund liabilities                                                                                          17,406                                      18,259
                                   Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                         69,650                                      70,418
                                   Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                       483,886                                     480,751
                                  Total liabilities                                                                                  $                           830,632           $                  829,825

                                  Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
                                  investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance
                                  and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
                                  established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the
                                  Company's Annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2025 for details on valuation methods and assumptions.
                                  Total liabilities increased by $0.8 billion to $830.6 billion at March 31, 2026 from December 31, 2025.
                                  •      Insurance contract liabilities decreased by $1.3 billion. The decrease was primarily due to:
                                         •   Normal business movements and the impact of market movements.
                                  •      Investment contract liabilities increased by $0.6 billion. The increase was primarily due to:
                                         •   Impact of currency movements; and




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         •   Partially offset by normal business movements.
                                      • Other general fund liabilities decreased by $0.9 billion. The decrease was primarily due to:
                                         •   A decrease in accounts payable of $0.8 billion;
                                         •   A decrease in other liabilities of $0.3 billion; and
                                         •   Partially offset by an increase of $0.1 billion in derivative financial instruments.
                                  •      Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $2.4 billion. The increase
                                         was primarily due to:
                                         •   Net deposits of $5.5 billion;
                                         •   The impact of currency movement of $3.1 billion;
                                         •   An increase in non-controlling mutual fund interest of $1.6 billion; and
                                         •   Partially offset by the combined impact of market value losses and investment income of $7.8 billion.
                                  Contractual Service Margin
                                  The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future
                                  as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the
                                  fulfilment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a
                                  net inflow, then the group is classified as non-onerous. For non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the equal and
                                  opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income or expenses arising on initial recognition.
                                  If the total present value is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is
                                  recognized as a loss in the current period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current period,
                                  which determines the amounts that are subsequently recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.




                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis            21

                                         B  22                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



    Contractual service margin continuity1
                                                             Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                              Capital
                                                          United                                             and Risk
                                                          States           Canada            Europe         Solutions                   Total    Seg Funds    Participating             Total
    CSM beginning of period,                         $          60     $        513      $      3,866      $      2,430      $      6,869        $   3,175    $      3,486    $        13,530
    December 31, 2025
        Impact of new insurance business                        —                   7               59                45                 111            35              24                170
        Expected movements from asset                           —                   4               24                16                  44            28              50                122
          returns & locked-in rates
        CSM recognized for services                              (2)             (15)              (86)              (73)               (176)         (102)            (42)              (320)
          provided
        Insurance experience gains/losses                       —                  (2)             (11)              (20)                 (33)         (27)             —                 (60)
    Organic CSM movement                             $           (2) $             (6) $           (14) $            (32) $               (54) $       (66) $           32    $           (88)
        Impact of markets                                       —                 —                 —                  —                  —             (3)             29                26
        Impact of changes in assumptions                        —                 —                (10)              (51)                 (61)         (10)            (33)              (104)
        and management actions
        Currency impact                                           1               —                (14)                (4)                (17)          (1)              3                (15)
    Total CSM movement                               $           (1) $             (6) $           (38) $            (87) $             (132) $        (80) $           31    $          (181)
    CSM end of period, March 31,
    2026                                             $          59     $        507      $      3,828      $      2,343      $      6,737        $   3,095    $      3,517    $        13,349

1       The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance contracts held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract liabilities.

At March 31, 2026, total contractual service margin on non-participating business excluding segregated funds was $6.7 billion,
a decrease of $132 million from December 31, 2025. The decrease was mainly driven by:




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    •      Assumption changes and management actions of negative $61 million and negative organic CSM movement of $54
           million.
At March 31, 2026, total contractual service margin was $13.3 billion, a decrease of $181 million from December 31, 2025. The
decrease was mainly driven by:
    •      Assumption changes and management actions of negative $104 million and negative organic CSM movement of $88
           million.
Further detail on the assumption changes and management actions on non-participating business is provided in the
"Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document.

4.3              Great West Capital Structure
In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,
management utilizes a variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital
needs of the Company.
Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
At March 31, 2026, debentures and other debt instruments increased by $66 million to $8,858 million compared to December
31, 2025, primarily due to the impact of currency movement.
Share capital outstanding at March 31, 2026 was $10.4 billion, which comprises $5.9 billion of common shares, $2.9 billion of
preferred shares and $1.5 billion Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares included $2.67 billion of
non-cumulative First Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares.
On January 2, 2026, the Company announced the renewal of its NCIB commencing January 6, 2026 and terminating January 5,
2027 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices. The renewed NCIB
continues to permit the Company to purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of its wholly-owned
subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in order for PFC to approximately maintain its proportionate percentage ownership in the
Company.
During the first quarter of 2026, the Company entered into an automatic purchase plan (APP) with a designated broker to
facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB, including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be
permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. As at March 31, 2026, an
obligation for the repurchase of shares under the APP of $78 million was recognized in other liabilities, with a corresponding
reduction in contributed surplus.
During the three months ended March 31, 2026, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately
8.8 million common shares under the current NCIB at an average cost per share of $64.10.

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis         22

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             B  23
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  5. Capital Management and Liquidity

                                  5.1            Capital Management and Adequacy
                                  The Board of Directors approves the Company’s annual capital plan and related capital actions to ensure the Company
                                  maintains adequate capital aligned with its strategy, risk profile and business plans. Management is responsible for monitoring
                                  consolidated capital levels, deploying capital across operating subsidiaries in accordance with regulatory requirements,
                                  internal capital assessments and strategic considerations, and utilizing reinsurance to support capital and risk management.
                                  Great West's subsidiary The Canada Life Assurance Company and its subsidiaries report regulatory capital on a consolidated
                                  basis in accordance with OSFI's Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test, whereas Great West's subsidiaries in the United States
                                  report Risk Based Capital (RBC). Additionally, entities based in Europe also separately report regulatory capital on a Solvency II
                                  and Solvency U.K. basis.
                                  As at March 31, 2026, all subsidiaries were well capitalized and in compliance with applicable regulatory capital requirements.
                                  I. LICAT Ratio
                                  In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
                                  the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the LICAT.
                                  The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is
                                  calibrated so that a life insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The
                                  LICAT guideline uses a risk-based approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate
                                  the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.
                                  OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. The Canada Life
                                  Assurance Company is operating well above these supervisory ratios.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:

                                      LICAT Ratio
                                                                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2026 December 31, 2025
                                       Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                          $            21,009 $        21,061
                                       Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                        7,590            7,667
                                       Total Available Capital                                                                                                                 $            28,599 $        28,728
                                       Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                                                 4,986            5,155
                                      Total capital resources                                                                                                                  $                 33,585       $   33,883

                                      Required capital                                                                                                                         $                 26,109       $   26,541
                                      Capital margin1                                                                                                                                             7,476               7,342
                                      Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)2                                                                                                                   129 %            128 %

                                  1    Capital Margin = Total capital resources less required capital
                                  2    Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)


                                  The Canada Life Assurance Company's consolidated LICAT Ratio at March 31, 2026 was 129%. The LICAT Ratio does not take
                                  into account any impact from $2.1 billion of liquidity at the Great West holding company level at March 31, 2026 ($2.1 billion at
                                  December 31, 2025).
                                  The LICAT Ratio increased by 1 point from 128% at December 31, 2025 to 129% at March 31, 2026 due to seasonality of required
                                  capital partially offset by changes in market conditions.
                                  Solvency II and Solvency U.K.
                                  Furthermore, subsidiaries of The Canada Life Assurance Company based in Europe have a local solvency capital regime
                                  (Solvency II and Solvency U.K.). As at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, all European regulated entities met the capital
                                  and solvency requirements as prescribed under Solvency II and Solvency U.K.
                                  II. RBC Ratio
                                  In the U.S, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has established Risk-Based Capital (RBC) as a
                                  regulatory capital adequacy measurement. Empower, Great West’s U.S. operating company, reports its RBC ratio annually to
                                  U.S. insurance regulators. The RBC ratio is for information only and is not intended as a means to rank insurers generally or for
                                  any other purpose. As at March 31, 2026, the ratio was estimated to be above 450%.



                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis           23

                                          B  24                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


III. Financial Leverage Ratio
The financial leverage ratio is used to measure the Company's financial strength, solvency and capital adequacy and is
calculated as the aggregate of debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated capitalization.
The following provides a summary of the financial leverage ratio of the Company:

                                                                                                                                      March 31, 2026               December 31, 2025
    Financial Leverage
    CSM (non-par, excluding seg funds) (after-tax)1                                                                       $                   5,957       $                         6,083

    Financial Leverage Ratio2                                                                                                                     28 %                                28 %

1    After-tax CSM reflects taxation at the relevant statutory rate, subject to a minimum rate of 15%, where applicable.
2    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
The Company’s financial leverage ratio at March 31, 2026 was 28%, consistent with the ratio at the end of 2025.

5.2           Liquidity
The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and
maintaining levels of liquid assets that can be converted to cash in less than 12 months to adequately settle obligations as they
come due. The Company also closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and
forecasting earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policy holder requirements and the yield of assets.
Furthermore, management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital market
transactions. The Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian Chartered banks. Refer to Note 6(b) in the
Company’s March 31, 2026 interim consolidated financial statements for additional detail.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout
ratio range of 45% to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares
of the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of the Company. The decision to declare a dividend
on the common shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of
capital and availability of cash resources.
As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the
Company receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation
in a number of jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in
connection with the different businesses carried on by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators
in any jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends
to the Company. In the first quarter of 2026, the Company's main operating subsidiaries made cash payments to the holding
company in the form of dividends amounting to $1.1 billion ($1.1 billion in first quarter of 2025).
Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms; and by maintaining a high quality,
diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal and
stress conditions. Refer to the "Market and Liquidity Risk" section under "Risk Management" of the Company's 2025 annual
MD&A for additional information.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis           24

                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  25
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  5.3              Cash Flows
                                                                                                                                                                                     For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                                                 2026              2025
                                      Cash flows relating to the following activities:
                                      Operations                                                                                                                                 $                     2,107     $            (167)
                                      Financing                                                                                                                                                        (1,197)                (686)
                                      Investment                                                                                                                                                          (26)                   (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                         884                  (855)
                                      Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                   71                    89
                                      Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period                                                                                                     955                  (766)
                                      Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                                                   8,902                10,709
                                      Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                                   $                     9,857     $           9,943
                                      Comprised of:
                                       Cash at the holding company level, Great West1                                                                                                                  2,063                 2,528
                                       Cash in operating subsidiaries2                                                                                                                                 7,794                 7,415
                                  1       Cash at the holding company level is unencumbered and can be deployed for strategic purposes like business acquisitions, investments in subsidiaries, share buybacks or repayment
                                          of outstanding debt.
                                  2       This balance is inclusive of cash in operating subsidiaries, which includes certain amounts held to satisfy regulatory or capital maintenance requirements.
                                  The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including
                                  insurance revenue, net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder
                                  dividends and claims, as well as operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the statement of cash flows
                                  also includes transfers and withdrawals by clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for cash. Cash flows generated by
                                  operations are mainly invested to support future liability cash requirements. Cash flows related to financing activities include




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated dividends and interest payments.
                                  In the first quarter of 2026, cash and cash equivalents increased by $955 million from December 31, 2025.
                                      •      Cash flows provided by operations activities was $2,107 million, a change of positive $2,274 million compared to the first
                                             quarter of 2025. The change was primarily net cash movements in portfolio investments, partially offset by net changes in
                                             insurance and investment contract assets and liabilities.
                                      •      Cash flows used by financing activities was $1,197 million, a change of negative $511 million compared to the first quarter
                                             of 2025. The change was primarily driven by the repurchase and subsequent cancellation of common shares. The current
                                             period includes $0.6 billion of share repurchases, compared to $0.1 billion in the same period in the prior year.
                                      •      Cash flows used by investment activities was $26 million, a change of negative $24 million compared to the first quarter of
                                             2025. The change was primarily due to investments in associates and joint ventures, net of distributions.
                                  5.4              Commitments/Contractual Obligations
                                  Commitments/contractual obligations have not changed materially from December 31, 2025.

                                  5.5              Return on Equity (ROE)
                                                                                                                                                                                      March 31, 2026                 March 31, 2025
                                      Base ROE1 by segment
                                        United States                                                                                                                                                  20.8 %               18.6 %
                                        Canada                                                                                                                                                         17.4 %               16.6 %
                                        Europe                                                                                                                                                         19.0 %               16.2 %
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                                   40.2 %               42.2 %
                                      Great West base ROE excluding Corporate1                                                                                                                         21.3 %               19.3 %
                                      Consolidated base ROE1                                                                                                                                           19.1 %               17.2 %
                                      ROE1 by segment
                                        United States                                                                                                                                                  18.3 %               16.7 %
                                          Canada                                                                                                                                                       17.6 %               18.5 %
                                          Europe                                                                                                                                                       12.5 %               14.9 %
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                                   39.4 %               27.8 %
                                      Great West ROE excluding Corporate2                                                                                                                              19.0 %               17.8 %
                                      Consolidated ROE2                                                                                                                                                16.8 %               15.6 %
                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.



                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis              25

                                             B  26                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated capital required by each segment on a standalone
basis.
Great West's consolidated base ROE and consolidated ROE increased by 1.9 and 1.2 percentage points, respectively, compared
to March 31, 2025. The increase was primarily driven by higher base and net earnings, offset by higher average equity over the
trailing four quarters ended March 31, 2026.

5.6          Ratings
Great West and its operating companies maintain ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings1 are
intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a
corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms of each obligation.
Great West and its major operating subsidiaries, are assigned a group rating from each rating agency. This group rating is
predominantly supported by leading positions in the Canadian insurance market and competitive positions in the U.S. and
Europe. Each of Great West's operating companies benefit from the strong implicit financial support and collective ownership
by Great West.
In 2026, the existing credit ratings for Great West and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged. As of March 31, 2026, all
agency outlooks for Great West’s rated entities were unchanged at stable.
For a complete listing of credit ratings for Great-West Lifeco Inc. and its major operating subsidiaries, please refer to the
"Investor Relations" section of the Company's website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.

6. Risk Management




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
6.1          Risk Management Overview
The Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework facilitates the alignment of business strategy with risk
appetite, informs and improves the deployment of capital; and supports the identification, mitigation and management of
exposure to potential losses and risk. The Company’s Risk Function is responsible for developing and maintaining the Risk
Appetite Framework (RAF), the supporting risk policies and risk limit structure, and provides independent risk oversight across
the Company’s operations. The Board of Directors is ultimately accountable and responsible for the Company's risk
governance and associated risk policies. These include the ERM Policy, which establishes the guiding principles of risk
management, and the RAF, which reflects the levels and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its
business objectives.
During the three months ended March 31, 2026, there were no significant changes to the Company's risk management and
control practices. Refer to the Company's 2025 Annual MD&A for a detailed description of the Company's risk management
and control practices.

6.2          Exposures and Sensitivities
Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/
morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a
change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the Company’s earnings.
Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a result
of changes to management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to calculate the
Company's financial risk sensitivities is included in the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates"
section of the Company's annual MD&A for the year ended December 31, 2025. For changes in financial assumptions, the
sensitivity is shown net of the corresponding impact on earnings of the change in the value of liabilities and the value of assets
supporting liabilities. The sensitivities to shareholders' net earnings, shareholders' equity and CSM to changes in financial
assumptions shown below have been rounded to the nearest $25 million.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated
in the table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary

1   These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine
    suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or
    withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.


                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis           26

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             B  27
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads
                                  may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit
                                  conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities
                                  below.

                                      Financial exposures and sensitivities
                                                                                                            Shareholders' net                Shareholders'
                                                                                                                earnings                        equity                               CSM1                         LICAT2
                                                                                                          March         December          March          December          March          December           March       December
                                                                                                         31, 2026       31, 2025         31, 2026        31, 2025         31, 2026        31, 2025          31, 2026     31, 2025
                                      Investment returns:
                                        Change in risk-free interest rates
                                             50 basis points increase                                   $         — $             25 $            (50) $            — $             25 $             25      (1 point)    (1 point)
                                           50 basis points decrease                                              (25)             (50)             —               (25)            (50)              (75)    < 1 point    < 1 point
                                        Change in credit spreads
                                             50 basis points increase                                   $       150 $            150 $           200 $            225 $             — $               — < (1 point) < (1 point)
                                           50 basis points decrease                                             (175)           (200)           (275)            (300)             (50)              (50)    < 1 point      0 point
                                        Change in publicly traded common stock values1
                                             20% increase                                               $         75 $            75 $           525 $            500 $           400 $             400      < 1 point      0 point
                                             10% increase                                                         50              50             275              250             200               200        0 point      0 point
                                             10% decrease                                                        (50)             (50)          (275)            (250)           (225)              (200) < (1 point) < (1 point)
                                             20% decrease                                                       (100)             (75)          (550)            (525)           (400)              (400)    (1 point)    (1 point)
                                        Change in other non-fixed income asset values
                                             10% increase                                               $       575 $            550 $           600 $            600 $             25 $             25      < 1 point    < 1 point




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                             5% increase                                                        275              275             300              300               —                 —        0 point      0 point
                                             5% decrease                                                        (300)           (300)           (325)            (325)             (25)               — < (1 point) < (1 point)
                                            10% decrease                                                        (625)           (600)           (675)            (650)             (25)              (25)    (1 point)    (1 point)

                                  1    The impacts to the total contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.
                                  2    LICAT sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot
                                       provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will be as indicated. LICAT sensitivities are rounded to the nearest point.

                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                  positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada and the United Kingdom, and are
                                  positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the United States and eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate
                                  changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may
                                  differ materially from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts of shareholders’ net earnings, shareholders’ equity and the LICAT ratio
                                  from market movements. If there is a sustained change in investment markets, impacts on earnings, shareholders' equity and
                                  the LICAT ratio will change over time, due to a combination of factors including the impact of a sustained change on the run-
                                  rate of base earnings.
                                  The additional sensitivities below illustrate the approximate impact to the Company’s base earnings that would be estimated to
                                  arise over a 12-month period as a result of immediate changes to risk-free interest rates and publicly traded common stock
                                  values. The sensitivities below are primarily reflected in asset-based fee income for the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines
                                  of business, earnings on surplus and general account spread margins. The sensitivities below assume no subsequent changes
                                  in interest rates and that equity markets achieve their expected returns thereafter. Under sustained changes to investment
                                  markets, impacts to asset reinvestments, and certain management actions and changes in policyholder behaviours are likely to
                                  occur, and are not reflected in the below sensitivities.
                                  The estimated impacts, rounded to the nearest $25 million, for the initial 12 months after the immediate change in interest
                                  rates and equity markets (impacts beyond this period may differ) would be as follows:
                                  •       A 50 basis points immediate parallel decrease (increase) in risk-free interest rates would decrease (increase) the
                                          Company's base earnings by approximately $75 million.
                                  •       A 10% immediate decrease (increase) in publicly traded common stock values would decrease (increase) the Company's
                                          base earnings by approximately $225 million.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
                                  the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the sensitivity


                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis                27

                                          B  28                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
increase of $10 million or a decrease of $10 million post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10 million. In addition,
as at March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the sensitivity of the CSM of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease
in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $50 million or a decrease of $50 million pre-tax, respectively, when
rounded to the nearest $25 million.
Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of the Company's Annual MD&A for the
year ended December 31, 2025 for additional information on earnings sensitivities.

7. Accounting Policies
7.1    International Financial Reporting Standards
The Company actively monitors IFRS Accounting Standards changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards
Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the Company's results or operations.
Changes in Accounting Policies
The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, and IFRS 7, Financial
Instruments: Disclosures effective January 1, 2026. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with
environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic payment
systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
The amendments do not impact the consolidated financial statements of the Company, except as indicated below:
•   The Company applied the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or part of a financial
    liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before the settlement date if specified
    criteria are met. The Company applied this election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems meeting




                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    the criteria.
•   For cash settlement of financial liabilities that did not qualify for the election at period-end, the Company derecognized
    the associated liabilities on the settlement date. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the
    Company’s financial statements.
These amendments are applied retrospectively with no restatement of comparative balances.
Future Accounting Policies
The Company actively monitors changes in IFRS Accounting Standards, both proposed and released, by the IASB for potential
impact on the Company. There have been no new standards released or significant changes to the future accounting policies
disclosed in the December 31, 2025 consolidated annual audited financial statements.
For additional detail, refer to note 2 of the Company’s interim consolidated financial statements for the period ended March 31,
2026.

8. Other Information
8.1    Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each
of its business units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is
presented other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's
consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance
with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardized meaning
under GAAP and may not be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find these
financial measures useful in understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.
Base earnings (loss)
Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an
alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to net earnings.
Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from net earnings:
•   Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected returns;
•   Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;




                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      28

                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  29
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •    Business transformation and other impacts, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business
                                       performance, including acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;
                                  •    Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income tax
                                       rate changes on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax impairments, net gains, losses or
                                       costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations;
                                  •    The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;
                                  •    Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets; and
                                  •    Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.

                                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended March 31, 2026
                                                                                                                        U.S.          Canada              Europe                  CRS        Corporate Great West
                                  Base earnings (loss)                                                       $           430 $              352 $              273 $              300 $          (116) $    1,239

                                  Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                               (49)                 15                 16                 33             15         30
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   11                  (4)                 (8)              (10)             (3)       (14)
                                      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                  —                  (4)                 (7)               38             (26)         1
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    —                   1                   2                 (8)             7          2
                                      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                (20)                  2                (24)                 —             —          (42)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     5                 (1)                  6                 —             —          10
                                      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                        tax)                                                                             (33)                 (7)                 (4)                —              (1)       (45)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   8                  2                    1                 —             —          11
                                      Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                              —                  —                    5                 —             —           5
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   —                  —                   (5)                —             —          (5)
                                  Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $           352 $              356 $              255 $              353 $          (124) $    1,192

                                                                                                                                                             For the three months ended March 31, 2025
                                                                                                                        U.S.          Canada              Europe                  CRS        Corporate Great West
                                  Base earnings (loss)                                                       $           365 $              316 $              239 $              213 $           (103) $   1,030

                                  Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
                                      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                  2                  (9)              (47)               (35)            (24)      (113)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    —                   (1)               11                      7           5        22
                                      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                  —                  —                 (32)                 (1)            (9)       (42)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    —                  —                    8                 —               2        10
                                      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                  (1)                 (2)              (10)                 —              —         (13)
                                           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    —                   1                   2                 —              —           3
                                      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                        tax)                                                                              (38)                (6)                (5)                 —              (2)       (51)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   10                  2                  1                  —               1         14
                                      Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                              —                  —                  —                   —              —          —
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   —                  —                  —                   —              —          —
                                  Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $           338 $              301 $              167 $              184 $           (130) $    860




                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis          29

                                        B  30                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis



Base earnings - pre-tax
Base earnings - pre-tax reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company prior to the effects
of income tax and provides an alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to net
earnings before income taxes.

                                                                                                                                          For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                         2026                       2025
    Base earnings (pre-tax)                                                                                                           $                  1,552 $                    1,282

    Items excluded from Great West base earnings (pre-tax)
        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                                                                          $                      30 $                    (113)
        Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                                                                                   1                       (42)
         Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                                                                                (42)                       (13)
         Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-tax)                                                                              (45)                       (51)
         Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                                                                                              5                         —
      Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                                                                                 $                     (51) $                   (219)
      Participating account                                                                                                                                104                          15
    Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                      $                  1,605 $                    1,078

Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under administration
only (AUAO) and client assets
Assets under administration, assets under management or advisement and client assets are non-GAAP financial measures.
These measures provide an indication of the size and volume of the Company's overall business. Administrative services are an
important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total assets under administration includes assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under administration only
(AUAO), the total of which is total client assets, and other balance sheet assets.
Client assets represents the total client assets under management or advisement plus assets under administration only for the
Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business.
Client assets are classified as AUMA where the Company earns a fee for one or more of the following services: investment
management services for proprietary funds or institutional assets, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients,
and/or the provision of financial advice. AUMA relate to the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business only.
Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for the definition of AUAO.
Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets, reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other
assets, as well as the portion of invested assets and investments on account of segregated fund policyholders not included
within total client assets.

                                                                                                                                                                  As at March 31, 2026
                                                                            U.S.              Canada                   Europe                CRS              Other2         Great West
    Assets under administration
    Assets under management or advisement                   $        578,397 $                215,121 $               291,222 $                — $            59,657 $         1,144,397
    Assets under administration only1                              2,162,767                    2,835                   5,305                  —                  —            2,170,907
    Total client assets                                     $      2,741,164 $                217,956 $               296,527 $               — $             59,657 $         3,315,304
    Other assets on balance sheet                                     45,134                  112,855                  58,193             11,680                  —              227,862
    Total assets under administration                       $      2,786,298 $                330,811 $               354,720 $           11,680 $            59,657 $         3,543,166
    of which: Total balance sheet assets                             360,018                  242,624                 249,475             11,680                  —              863,797
    of which: Invested assets                                         90,799                  102,266                  45,751             11,104                  —              249,920

1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.
2    Other includes assets under management related to legacy asset management business included in the Corporate segment.




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis         30

                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  31
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                                                                                                                                                                                     As at December 31, 2025
                                                                                                             U.S.              Canada                   Europe                       CRS              Other2     Great West
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                  $         570,634 $              214,765 $               290,863 $                        — $            59,994 $     1,136,256
                                      Assets under administration only1                              2,173,061                  2,942                   5,318                          —                  —        2,181,321
                                      Total client assets                                    $       2,743,695 $              217,707 $               296,181 $                        — $            59,994 $     3,317,577
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                      47,250               113,210                   59,234                  11,694                    —          231,388
                                      Total assets under administration                      $       2,790,945 $              330,917 $               355,415 $                 11,694 $              59,994 $     3,548,965
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                             358,912                241,841                 250,381                   11,694                    —          862,828
                                      of which: Invested assets                                         89,945                102,100                  46,795                   11,211                    —          250,051

                                  1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.
                                  2    Other includes assets under management related to legacy asset management business included in the Corporate segment.


                                  CSM impact (post-tax)
                                  Approximates the after-tax amount of CSM based on current effective income tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate.
                                  Effective income tax rates are subject to change in the future and would have an impact on the actual after-tax impact of these
                                  assumption changes.
                                  Run-rate insurance results
                                  This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the expected earnings on long term business and the run rate on
                                  short term or fee business. Taken together, this is an indicator of the recurring revenue of the business. It is calculated by
                                  adding short-term insurance contracts, risk adjustment release and CSM recognized for services provided.
                                  Non-GAAP Ratios




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not
                                  disclosed in the financial statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components.
                                  These financial measures do not have a standardized definition under IFRS Accounting Standards and might not be
                                  comparable to similar financial measures disclosed by other issuers.
                                  The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings
                                  (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure
                                  to understand the underlying business performance compared to net earnings.
                                  •       Base capital generation - This measure is expressed as a percentage of base earnings and provides a view of capital
                                          generated or consumed by the business above the Company's internal operating target level for capital. Base capital
                                          generation is calculated as base earnings plus the organic CSM and risk adjustment (RA) movements, if applicable, less the
                                          change in required capital related to new business and the run-off of in-force business at the Company's internal operating
                                          target level. These items exclude the impact of participating business and the conceptually similar items as those excluded
                                          from base earnings.
                                          •      Organic CSM movement refers to CSM (excluding participating products), plus impact of new insurance business,
                                                 plus expected movements from asset returns and locked-in rates, plus CSM recognized for services provided, plus
                                                 insurance experience gains and losses.
                                  •       Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
                                  •       Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares
                                          outstanding for the period.
                                  •       Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
                                          shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
                                  •       Cost of management ratio - Compares the amount paid by the Company to compensate its Named Executive Officers
                                          (NEOs) relative to the Company’s base earnings for the same period. Calculated by dividing total annual compensation
                                          paid to NEOs (as disclosed in the Executive Compensation section of the Company’s management proxy circular) by base
                                          earnings for the year.
                                  •       Effective income tax rate (base earnings) - Calculated as income tax on base earnings divided by pre-tax base earnings.
                                  •       Efficiency ratio - Calculated on a trailing four quarter basis as pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses
                                          divided by the sum of pre-tax base earnings and pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses.




                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis         31

                                          B  32                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


•     Financial Leverage Ratio - Calculated as the aggregation of debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total
      consolidated capitalization. The denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the
      denominator, other than CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future
      profit and is considered available capital under LICAT.
•     Pre-tax base operating margin - Pre-tax operating earnings expressed as a percentage of fee and spread income.

8.2       Glossary
•     Asset-based fee income - Represents fee income earned that is directly tied to the level of client assets under advisement,
      management or administration; including segregated fund products.
•     Asset-based expenses and commissions - Represents the variable expenses (such as asset-based commissions &
      bonuses, managed account expenses, sub-advisor and fund manager costs) incurred when generating fee and other
      income.
•     Assets under administration only (AUAO) - Client assets are classified as AUAO where the Company only provides
      administration services for which the Company earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the
      clients and the Company does not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets under administration
      include recordkeeping, safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other administrative
      services. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered
      when comparing volumes, size and trends. Assets included in AUAO are not included in AUMA.
•     Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA) and client assets - Non-GAAP
      financial measures. See definitions in Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios section.
•     Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies and
      assumptions used in the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment contract




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by management in the current reporting period which include, but are not limited to,
      changes in in-force product features (including prices), and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force business.
      Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base earnings.
•     Average client assets - Calculated as the average of the opening and ending balances of client assets during the reporting
      period using daily balances where available and monthly or quarterly balances when daily balances are unavailable.
•     Business transformation and other impacts - Business transformation and other impacts include acquisition and
      divestiture costs as well as restructuring and integration costs.
•     Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Great West's common shareholders' equity, less non-
      controlling interest, limited recourse capital notes and preferred shares, by the number of common shares outstanding at
      the end of the period.
•     Contractual service margin (CSM) - The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the
      Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group
      of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash
      flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In this case, the CSM is
      measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or expenses arising on initial
      recognition.
•     Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Great West's balance sheet:
      share capital - common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
•     Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common shareholders.
•     Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Great West's
      earnings and is a consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents net earnings
      attributable to common shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded from base earnings.
      For base insurance service result, the DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings, the impact of new
      business and experience gains and losses. For base net investment result, the DOE view provides detail on expected
      investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on surplus. Base other income and expenses are
      presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income, non-directly attributable and
      other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred dividends and other items.
•     Financial leverage ratio - Non-GAAP financial ratio. See definition in Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios section.
•     General Measurement Model (GMM) - The Company applies this measurement model to all insurance contracts not
      measured under the PAA or VFA measurement models.


                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      32

                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  33
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis


                                  •   Gross operating and administrative expenses - Gross operating and administrative expenses is a non-GAAP financial
                                      measure, which excludes certain insurance-related expenses, commissions and sub-advisory fees.
                                  •   Group Benefits in-force premiums (insured) - Represents the value of in-force premiums at the end of the reporting
                                      period where Great West underwrites the insurance risks of a group benefits solution. The Company may express the
                                      period-over-period net change in group life and health book premiums excluding the impact of foreign currency
                                      translation, which represents the net impact of new sales, terminations and organic growth of in-force business for the
                                      period.
                                  •   Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & other fee-based products) - Represents administrative services only (ASO)
                                      and other fee-based income where clients self-insure the products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and
                                      other ancillary services.
                                  •   Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated Statements of
                                      Earnings, such as income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average
                                      rate for the period. These measures highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar
                                      equivalent IFRS Accounting Standards results and have been calculated using the average rates in effect at the date of the
                                      comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it facilitates the comparability of results between
                                      periods. The exchange rates used in preparing these constant currency measures are disclosed in the Foreign Currency
                                      section of the Consolidated Operating Results.
                                  •   Loan-to-value - Measures the outstanding loan balance relative to the value of the underlying asset securing the loan.
                                  •   Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market
                                      impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which
                                      includes:




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      •   The impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the
                                          performance of the related hedge assets;
                                      •   The impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
                                      •   The market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and the
                                          insurance and investment contract liabilities they support; and
                                      •   Other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support
                                          that cannot be attributed to expectations within the period.
                                  •   Net asset flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net asset flows are measured by the
                                      following:
                                      •   Canada net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and non-
                                          proprietary mutual funds.
                                      •   Europe net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual funds
                                          and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
                                      •   Empower net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets,
                                          proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
                                      •   PanAgora net asset flow include institutional sales and redemptions.
                                  •   Net fee and spread income - Fee and spread income less asset-based expenses and commissions.
                                  •   Non-par base operating and administrative expenses - Non-participating base operating and administrative expenses
                                      exclude business transformation costs and other expenses that are excluded from base earnings.
                                  •   Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal government
                                      agency that regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether
                                      they are in sound financial condition and meeting their requirements.
                                  •   Other fee income - Represents other fee income earned that is not directly tied to the level of client assets; and the total
                                      base insurance service result related to unit-linked, unitized with profits and variable annuity products offered by the
                                      Wealth line of business.
                                  •   Property Catastrophe Retrocession (P&C) - A product offered to reinsurance companies covering major weather and
                                      other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and earthquakes.




                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis   33

                                      B  34                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Management's Discussion and Analysis


•     Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with coverage
      periods of one year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows. Low
      variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates that no significant difference in measurement exists when compared to the
      general measurement model (GMM).
•     Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
•     Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four quarter
      basis.
•     Return on equity (ROE) - Net earnings for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common shareholders'
      equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
•     Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
      •   For risk-based Insurance & Annuities products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums
          expected in the first twelve months of the plan.
      •   Group Benefits (insured) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new
          benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies on business where the Company underwrites the
          insurance risks of a group benefits solution.
      •   Group Benefits (ASO & other fee-based products) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for
          new policies and new benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies where clients self-insure the
          products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and other ancillary services.
•     Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated
      capital required by each segment on a standalone basis.




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs
      are therefore based on the capital the business unit has been allocated. IFRS Accounting Standards do not prescribe the
      calculation of ROE and therefore a comparable measure under IFRS Accounting Standards are not available.
•     Spread income - Represents spread income earned on general account investment products which represents the
      difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients; and other net investment income.
•     Variable Fee Approach (VFA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with direct participating
      features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment
      return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).

8.3       Disclosure Controls and Procedures
The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information relating to
the Company which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a)
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities
legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to the Company's senior management, including the President and Chief
Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.

8.4       Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS Accounting
Standards. The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting. All internal control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in
conditions. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation and presentation.
There have been no changes during the three months ended March 31, 2026 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.




                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis      34

                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  35
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis



                                  8.5         Transactions with Related Parties
                                  Related party transactions have not changed materially from December 31, 2025.
                                  The Company renewed its NCIB commencing January 6, 2026 and terminating January 5, 2027 to purchase for cancellation up
                                  to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices. The renewed NCIB continues to permit the Company to
                                  purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in order
                                  for PFC to approximately maintain its proportionate percentage ownership in the Company. Refer to "Great West Capital
                                  Structure" section on this document for further details.

                                  8.6         Quarterly Financial Information
                                  Quarterly financial information
                                  (in $ millions, except per share amounts)

                                                                                             2026                                   2025                                                   2024
                                                                                              Q1              Q4              Q3              Q2              Q1                 Q4        Q3         Q2
                                       Insurance revenue                                 $     5,699 $         5,690 $         5,594 $        5,551 $         5,486 $            5,399 $    5,292 $   5,273
                                       Net investment income                                   2,506           2,611           2,588          2,319           2,335              2,685      2,249     2,409
                                       Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                  (2,069)               (5)        1,699             954          1,259          (2,981)        6,906     (864)
                                       Fee and other income                                    2,040           2,052           1,984          1,948           1,911              1,952      1,806     1,794
                                  Total revenue                                          $     8,176 $ 10,348 $ 11,865 $ 10,772 $ 10,991 $                                       7,055 $ 16,253 $     8,612

                                  Net earnings - common shareholders
                                     Total                                               $     1,192 $         1,048 $         1,158 $           894 $          860 $            1,116 $     859 $    1,005
                                     Basic - per share                                          1.32            1.15            1.25            0.96            0.92              1.20       0.92      1.08




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Diluted - per share                                     1.31            1.14            1.25            0.96            0.92              1.19       0.92      1.08

                                  Insurance revenue
                                  Insurance revenue for the first quarter of 2026 was $5.7 billion, an increase of $0.2 billion compared to the same quarter last
                                  year, primarily due to higher insurance volumes across Insurance & Annuities and improved sales in Europe and Canada for
                                  participating life insurance.
                                  Net investment income and changes in fair value on FVTPL assets
                                  Total net investment income, which includes net investment income and changes in fair value on FVTPL assets, for the first
                                  quarter of 2026 decreased by $3.2 billion compared to the same quarter last year.
                                   •     The changes in fair value in the first quarter of 2026 were a decrease of $2.1 billion compared to an increase of $1.3 billion
                                         in the first quarter of 2025, primarily due to an increase in unrealized losses driven by an increase in bond yields across all
                                         regions.
                                   •     Net investment income in the first quarter of 2026 of $2.5 billion, which excludes changes in fair value through profit or
                                         loss, increased by $0.2 billion compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to changes in foreign currency.
                                  Fee and other income
                                  Fee and other income for the first quarter of 2026 was $2.0 billion, an increase of $0.1 billion compared to the same quarter last
                                  year, primarily due to higher asset-based fees reflecting market-driven growth across all regions.
                                  Net earnings
                                  Great West's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $1,192 million for the first quarter of 2026
                                  compared to $860 million for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents $1.32 per common share ($1.31
                                  diluted) for the first quarter of 2026 compared to $0.92 per common share ($0.92 diluted) a year ago.

                                  8.7         Additional Information
                                  Additional information relating to Great West, including Great West's most recent annual consolidated financial statements,
                                  chief executive and chief financial officer certification and Annual Information Form are available at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Management's Discussion and Analysis             35

                                         B  36                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Statements of Earnings (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                                                                                          For the three months
                                                                                                                                             ended March 31
                                                                                                                                        2026                       2025
Insurance service result
  Insurance revenue (note 8)                                                                                                   $                5,699 $                      5,486
  Insurance service expenses                                                                                                                    (4,299)                      (4,276)
  Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                                                          (438)                       (430)
                                                                                                                                                   962                         780
Net investment result
  Net investment income (note 5)                                                                                                                2,506                        2,335
  Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or loss assets (note 5)                                                                    (2,069)                      1,259
                                                                                                                                                   437                       3,594
  Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                           197                       (1,426)
  Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                                          45                        (139)
  Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                        (50)                     (1,608)
                                                                                                                                                   629                         421
Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
  Net investment income (loss)                                                                                                                      45                        (250)
  Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                                            (45)                       250
                                                                                                                                                     —                           —
Other income and expenses
  Fee and other income                                                                                                                          2,040                        1,911




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Operating and administrative expenses                                                                                                         (1,807)                      (1,809)
  Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                                                                                   (112)                       (111)
  Financing costs                                                                                                                                   (87)                      (103)
  Restructuring and integration expenses (note 4)                                                                                                   (20)                        (11)
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                    1,605                        1,078
Income taxes (note 14)                                                                                                                             271                         157
Net earnings before non-controlling interests                                                                                                   1,334                          921
Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                           92                          29
Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred share dividends and other equity
  distributions                                                                                                                                 1,242                          892
Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                                                                            50                          32
Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                             $                1,192 $                        860


Earnings per common share (note 12)
  Basic                                                                                                                        $                  1.32 $                      0.92
  Diluted                                                                                                                      $                  1.31 $                      0.92




                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         1

                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           B  37
                                  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                 For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                             ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                                         2026                2025
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred share dividends and other equity
                                    distributions                                                                                                             $                    1,242 $           892
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                    Unrealized foreign exchange gains on translation of foreign operations                                                                          197              366
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                (8)              —
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations                                                                   (7)            (138)
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                 4              11
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income                                               (116)             71
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                               24               (16)
                                    Realized losses on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income (note 5)                                                   9                1
                                          Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                                (1)              —
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges                                                                                                    (27)             71
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                 7              (19)
                                    Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                                                                                       (2)             (58)
                                          Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                                 1              16
                                    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                        22               (47)
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                (6)             13
                                    Total items that may be reclassified                                                                                                             97              271




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on stocks at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                             (12)             (47)
                                    Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans                                                               69               25
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                               (19)              (7)
                                    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                                         (5)              (2)
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                                 1                1
                                    Total items that will not be reclassified                                                                                                        34               (30)
                                  Total other comprehensive income                                                                                                                  131              241
                                  Comprehensive income                                                                                                        $                    1,373 $          1,133




                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        2

                                      B  38                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                            March 31                 December 31
                                                                                                                                     2026                       2025
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     $               9,857 $                    8,902
Bonds (note 5)                                                                                                                              174,122                    174,468
Mortgage loans (note 5)                                                                                                                      36,258                     36,873
Stocks (note 5)                                                                                                                              21,239                     21,515
Investment properties (note 5)                                                                                                                8,444                      8,293
                                                                                                                                            249,920                    250,051

Insurance contract assets (note 9)                                                                                                            1,591                      1,571
Reinsurance contract held assets (note 9)                                                                                                    16,446                     16,850
Goodwill                                                                                                                                     11,346                     11,283
Intangible assets                                                                                                                             4,933                      4,912
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                              1,766                      1,863
Owner occupied properties                                                                                                                       838                        829
Fixed assets                                                                                                                                    399                        395
Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                                              5,155                      6,029
Other assets                                                                                                                                 15,160                     15,190
Current income taxes                                                                                                                            347                        401
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                           2,360                      2,285
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 10)                                                                           553,536                    551,169
Total assets                                                                                                                  $             863,797 $                  862,828

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities (note 9)                                                                                       $             160,315 $                  161,644
Investment contract liabilities                                                                                                              89,625                     89,042
Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 9)                                                                                                  892                        919




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                         8,858                      8,792
Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                              2,540                      2,412
Accounts payable                                                                                                                              3,215                      3,981
Other liabilities                                                                                                                            10,113                     10,431
Current income taxes                                                                                                                            580                        498
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                        958                        937
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 9)                                                                     69,650                     70,418
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                            483,886                    480,751
Total liabilities                                                                                                                           830,632                    829,825

Equity
Non-controlling interests
   Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                                                               3,159                        3,079
   Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                      71                           67
Shareholders' equity
   Share capital
         Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                                       1,500                      1,500
         Preferred shares                                                                                                                     2,920                      2,920
         Common shares (note 11)                                                                                                              5,946                      5,983
   Accumulated surplus                                                                                                                       17,572                     17,503
   Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                     1,873                      1,742
   Contributed surplus                                                                                                                          124                        209
Total equity                                                                                                                                 33,165                     33,003
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                  $             863,797 $                  862,828




                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       3

                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           B  39
                                  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited)



                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                     March 31, 2026
                                                                                                                                         Accumulated
                                                                                                                                            other                                        Non-
                                                                                               Share            Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                                 controlling       Total
                                                                                              capital             surplus     surplus      income                                      interests       equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year                             $        10,403 $                 209 $             17,503 $                   1,742 $             3,146 $      33,003
                                  Net earnings - before preferred share dividends and
                                    other equity distributions                                           —                   —                 1,242                         —                 92         1,334
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                      —                   —                     —                       131                 (12)         119
                                                                                                  10,403                   209               18,745                     1,873               3,226        34,456
                                  Preferred share dividends and other equity
                                     distributions (note 12)                                             —                   —                    (50)                       —                  —           (50)
                                  Common share dividends                                                 —                   —                  (603)                        —                  —          (603)
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 11)                                              21                 (11)                   —                         —                 10               20
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
                                    course issuer bid (note 11)                                         (58)                (78)                (520)                        —                  —          (656)
                                  Equity settlement of subsidiary's share-based plans                    —                   —                     —                         —                  (6)             (6)
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                      —                     4                   —                         —                  —                4
                                  Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
                                    subsidiary                                                           —                   —                     —                         —                  —               —
                                  Balance, end of period                                 $        10,366 $                 124 $             17,572 $                   1,873 $             3,230 $      33,165

                                                                                                                                                March 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                            Accumulated




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                               other                     Non-
                                                                                               Share            Contributed         Accumulated            comprehensive              controlling       Total
                                                                                               capital            surplus             surplus                 income                   interests       equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year                              $        10,291 $                 208 $            17,266 $                   1,776 $              3,113 $     32,654
                                  Net earnings - before preferred dividends                              —                    —                   892                        —                  29          921
                                  Other comprehensive income                                             —                    —                     —                      241                  35          276
                                                                                                   10,291                   208              18,158                     2,017                3,177       33,851
                                  Preferred share dividends (note 12)                                    —                    —                    (32)                      —                  —               (32)
                                  Common share dividends                                                 —                    —                  (568)                       —                  —           (568)
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 11)                                              27                  (17)                   —                        —                  16              26
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
                                    course issuer bid (note 11)                                          (14)                (63)                  (99)                      —                  —           (176)
                                  Equity settlement of subsidiary's share-based plans                     —                   —                     —                        —                  (7)           (7)
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                      —                      7                   —                        —                  —                7
                                  Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
                                    subsidiary                                                           —                    —                     —                        —                 (10)             (10)
                                  Balance, end of period                                  $        10,304 $                 135 $            17,459 $                   2,017 $              3,176 $     33,091




                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                 4

                                      B  40                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited)



(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                                  For the three months
                                                                                                                                            ended March 31
                                                                                                                                       2026                       2025
Operations
  Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                $                1,605 $                      1,078
  Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                                     (157)                       (113)
  Adjustments:
     Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                                  (1,489)                        667
     Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                                   (650)                      1,847
     Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                               (29)                        (26)
     Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                                   570                         466
     Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                                           (12)                        (65)
     Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                              2,069                        (1,259)
     Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                                                14,322                     13,182
     Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                                      (13,477)                  (14,479)
     Other                                                                                                                                       (645)                      (1,465)
                                                                                                                                               2,107                         (167)
Financing Activities
  Issue of common shares                                                                                                                           21                          27
  Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                                          (578)                       (113)
  Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                                                (603)                       (568)
  Dividends paid on preferred shares & other equity distributions                                                                                  (37)                        (32)




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                               (1,197)                       (686)
Investment Activities
  Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                                      (26)                         (2)


Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   71                          89
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  955                        (766)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                                   8,902                     10,709
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                      $                9,857 $                      9,943


Supplementary cash flow information
  Interest income received                                                                                                    $                1,983 $                      1,944
  Interest paid                                                                                                                                    63                          66
  Dividend income received                                                                                                                        133                         108




                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         5

                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           B  41
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

                                  1.    Corporate Information
                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Great West or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO),
                                  incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg,
                                  Manitoba, Canada, R3C 1V3. Great West is a member of the Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of
                                  companies and is a subsidiary of Power Corporation.
                                  Great West is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings,
                                  wealth and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in the United States, Canada and Europe through its
                                  operating subsidiaries including Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower) and The Canada Life
                                  Assurance Company (Canada Life).
                                  The condensed consolidated interim unaudited financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the
                                  three months ended March 31, 2026 were approved by the Board of Directors on May 6, 2026.

                                  2.    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company's December 31, 2025 consolidated annual audited
                                  financial statements and notes thereto.
                                  The financial statements of the Company at March 31, 2026 have been prepared in compliance with the requirements of IAS 34,
                                  Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) using the same accounting
                                  policies and methods of computation followed in the consolidated annual audited financial statements for the year ended
                                  December 31, 2025 except as described below.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IFRS 9, Financial Instruments, and IFRS 7, Financial
                                  Instruments: Disclosures effective January 1, 2026. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with
                                  environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic payment
                                  systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
                                  The amendments do not impact the consolidated financial statements of the Company, except as indicated below:
                                  •    The Company applied the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or part of a financial
                                       liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before the settlement date if specified
                                       criteria are met. The Company applied this election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems meeting
                                       the criteria.
                                  •    For cash settlement of financial liabilities that did not qualify for the election at period-end, the Company derecognized
                                       the associated liabilities on the settlement date. The adoption of this amendment did not have a material impact on the
                                       Company’s financial statements.
                                  These amendments are applied retrospectively with no restatement of comparative balances.
                                  Future Accounting Policies
                                  The Company actively monitors changes in IFRS Accounting Standards, both proposed and released, by the IASB for potential
                                  impact on the Company. There have been no new standards released or significant changes to the future accounting policies
                                  disclosed in the December 31, 2025 consolidated annual audited financial statements.
                                  Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
                                  In preparation of these financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates and
                                  assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Although some
                                  uncertainty is inherent in these judgments and estimates, management believes that the amounts recorded are reasonable. Key
                                  sources of estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments have been made are further described in the relevant
                                  accounting policies in note 2 of the Company's December 31, 2025 consolidated annual audited financial statements and notes
                                  thereto.




                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   6

                                       B  42                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



3.      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

Sale of U.K. Onshore Bond Business
On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K. announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its onshore bond business to
Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties entered into a reinsurance
agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to Countrywide. For the year ended
December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 pre-tax, mainly driven by recognition of assets associated with
the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders, with
a carrying value of $2,645 as at March 31, 2026 ($2,787 as at December 31, 2025), are to be transferred to Countrywide pending
court approval, which is expected to occur in 2026.

4.      Restructuring Expenses
The Company undertakes a variety of initiatives related to operational restructuring, acquisition-related integration and
technology and process modernization. Only the initiatives that qualify as formal restructuring programs in accordance with
IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, result in a provision. These provisions are described further
below. Other restructuring and business transformation costs that do not qualify are expensed as incurred and are not included
in the amounts described below.
The Company recorded restructuring provisions of $18 for the three months ended March 31, 2026 ($10 for the three months
ended March 31, 2025). The provisions recorded in the three months ended March 31, 2026 are related to planned technology
and efficiency initiatives in the United States intended to position the Company for future growth and expense savings.
As at March 31, 2026, the Company has restructuring provisions of $342 remaining in other liabilities ($365 at December 31,
2025). These provisions primarily relate to previously announced restructuring initiatives, which the Company expects to




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
complete by the end of 2027.

5.      Portfolio Investments

(a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments
                                                                                              March 31, 2026                                     December 31, 2025
                                                                                 Carrying value                  Fair value             Carrying value              Fair value
Bonds
     Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) - designated                  $               158,565 $                    158,565 $              159,320 $                  159,320
     FVTPL - mandatory                                                                          2,282                           2,282               2,108                        2,108
     Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)                                    13,275                           13,275              13,040                    13,040
                                                                                             174,122                      174,122                174,468                    174,468
Mortgage loans
     FVTPL - designated                                                                       25,655                           25,655              26,139                    26,139
     FVTPL - mandatory                                                                          5,553                           5,553               5,664                        5,664
     FVOCI                                                                                         268                           268                   269                        269
     Amortized cost                                                                             4,782                           4,285               4,801                        4,350
                                                                                              36,258                           35,761              36,873                    36,422
Stocks
     FVTPL - mandatory                                                                        19,056                           19,056              19,370                    19,370
     FVOCI - designated                                                                         1,036                           1,036               1,033                        1,033
     Equity method                                                                              1,147                           1,317               1,112                        1,255
                                                                                              21,239                           21,409              21,515                    21,658
Investment properties                                                                           8,444                           8,444               8,293                        8,293
Total                                                                        $               240,063 $                    239,736 $              241,149 $                  240,841




                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       7

                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                             B  43
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (b) Net Investment Income
                                                                                                                             Mortgage                                Investment
                                  For the three months ended March 31, 2026                                  Bonds            loans                 Stocks            properties         Other            Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                        Investment income earned                                        $         1,870 $               355 $               145 $                141 $       108 $           2,619
                                        Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                           (9)                —                    —                   —             —                 (9)
                                        Losses on derecognition of amortized cost assets                              —                    (3)                 —                   —             —                 (3)
                                        Net expected credit loss (ECL) recovery                                       —                     7                  —                   —             —                 7
                                        Other income and expenses                                                     —                   —                    —                 (62)            (46)         (108)
                                                                                                                  1,861                 359                 145                   79             62          2,506
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                        FVTPL - designated                                                       (1,984)                 (56)                  —                   —             (44)       (2,084)
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                            (18)              (194)                202                    —             —                (10)
                                        Recorded at fair value                                                        —                   —                    —                  25             —                25
                                                                                                                 (2,002)               (250)                202                   25             (44)       (2,069)
                                  Total                                                                 $          (141) $              109 $               347 $                104 $           18 $             437

                                                                                                                              Mortgage                                Investment
                                  For the three months ended March 31, 2025                                  Bonds             loans                 Stocks            properties        Other            Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                        Investment income earned                                        $         1,788 $               386 $               144 $                139 $           (25) $      2,432
                                        Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets                           (1)                —                    —                   —             —                 (1)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net ECL recovery                                                              —                     3                  —                   —             —                  3
                                        Other income and expenses                                                     —                   —                    —                 (54)            (45)             (99)
                                                                                                                  1,787                 389                 144                   85             (70)        2,335
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                        FVTPL - designated                                                          696                 346                    —                   —         211             1,253
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                               8                (41)                 64                   —             —                 31
                                        Recorded at fair value                                                        —                   —                    —                 (25)            —                (25)
                                                                                                                    704                 305                   64                 (25)        211             1,259
                                  Total                                                                 $         2,491 $               694 $               208 $                 60 $       141 $           3,594

                                  Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization. Investment
                                  income from stocks includes dividends and distributions from private equity funds. Investment properties income includes
                                  rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and sub-leased land, fee recoveries,
                                  lease cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment
                                  income and expenses includes expenses incurred by investment properties, foreign exchange gains and losses, income earned
                                  from derivative financial instruments, and equity income from the investments in IGM Financial Inc. (IGM) and other related
                                  parties.

                                  6.       Risk Management
                                  The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks
                                  associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk,
                                  liquidity risk and market risk (currency, interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible
                                  for the oversight of the Company's key risks. The Company's approach to risk management has not substantially changed from
                                  that described in the Company's 2025 Annual Report. Certain risks have been outlined below. The Company has also
                                  established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure and report all material risks.
                                  (a) Credit Risk
                                  Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual
                                  obligations.
                                  (i)      Concentration of Credit Risk
                                  Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have
                                  similar credit risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are



                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            8

                                         B  44                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due.
No significant changes have occurred from the year ended December 31, 2025.
(ii) Expected Credit Losses
The majority of the Company's financial assets are measured at FVTPL and therefore are not subject to the ECL model. The
ECL model only applies to FVOCI and amortized cost fixed income investments. The ECL allowance was $18 at March 31, 2026,
of which $4 was Stage 1, $11 was Stage 2 and $3 was Stage 3 ($25 at December 31, 2025, of which $4 was Stage 1, $16 was Stage 2
and $5 was Stage 3).
(iii) Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVTPL
The carrying value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to
credit risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. For
the three months ended March 31, 2026, a fair value loss of $22 ($56 for the three months ended March 31, 2025) is reflected in
the Consolidated Statements of Earnings related to significant credit events occurring on financial instruments designated as
FVTPL.
(b) Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The following
policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
•     The Company closely manages operating liquidity through cash flow matching of assets and liabilities and forecasting
      earned and required yields, to ensure consistency between policyholder requirements and the yield of assets.
•     Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
      requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital




                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      market transactions. The Company maintains committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks.
(c)    Market Risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk,
interest rate (including related inflation) risk and equity risk.
Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
These financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity
due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ
significantly from these estimates for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or
liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Company’s internal
models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
shareholders' net earnings will be as indicated.
(i)    Currency Risk
Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets
backing insurance and investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can
expose the Company to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
•     A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
      insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in
      an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
      would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
      by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian
dollars, euros, and U.S. dollars. Foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations, net of
related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. Strengthening or
weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates impacts the
Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies
are also impacted.


                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements   9

                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           B  45
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  (ii) Interest Rate Risk
                                  Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in
                                  the value of assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's
                                  exposure to interest rate risk:
                                  •   Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                  •   The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general
                                      fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
                                  •   For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or
                                      investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
                                      match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
                                      income assets, while the rest are duration matched.
                                  •   Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                      exposure to interest rate changes.
                                  •   To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change
                                      in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                  •   For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
                                      of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
                                  •   The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
                                      asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value
                                  of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The Company's asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
                                  general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings. Further, the
                                  classification of financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are carried at amortized cost and held in
                                  the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest
                                  rates is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                                                March 31, 2026                                            December 31, 2025
                                                                                                Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis               Increase 50 basis        Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                                 points interest              points interest                  points interest         points interest
                                                                                                      rates                       rates                            rates                    rates
                                  Shareholders' net earnings                                  $                        — $                          (25) $                     25 $                  (50)
                                  Shareholders' equity                                                                (50)                           —                         —                     (25)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.
                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                  positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada and the United Kingdom, and are
                                  positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the United States and eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate
                                  changes also vary by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may
                                  differ materially from the estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
                                  the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both March 31, 2026 and December 31, 2025, the sensitivity
                                  of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an
                                  increase of $10 or a decrease of $10 post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10.




                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements           10

                                      B  46                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit
spreads is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium:
Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                                          March 31, 2026                                         December 31, 2025
                                                                          Increase 50 basis            Decrease 50 basis              Increase 50 basis        Decrease 50 basis
                                                                            points credit                points credit                  points credit            points credit
                                                                               spreads                     spreads                         spreads                 spreads
Shareholders' net earnings                                               $                     150 $                        (175) $                    150 $                 (200)
Shareholders' equity                                                                           200                          (275)                      225                   (300)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.
Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in
credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount
rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from
such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.
(iii) Equity Risk
Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and
other pricing risk. To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent
investment in equity markets within clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime
Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency
forwards, and interest rate derivatives.




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
stocks, and equity release mortgages. Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets.
However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no material earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business
that it does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are offset within the contractual service margin (CSM). For
segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability
versus the change in hedge assets.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
value of publicly traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                                 March 31, 2026                                                                       December 31, 2025
                          20%                10%                   10%                   20%                   20%                    10%               10%             20%
                        increase           increase              decrease              decrease              increase               increase          decrease         decrease
Shareholders' net
  earnings          $              75 $                 50 $                  (50) $            (100) $                    75 $                50 $           (50) $           (75)
Shareholders'
  equity                        525                   275                    (275)              (550)                  500                 250               (250)           (525)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.




                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            11

                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                               B  47
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value
                                  of other non-fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values

                                                                           March 31, 2026                                                                     December 31, 2025
                                                            10%           5%              5%                    10%                    10%                   5%                    5%              10%
                                                          increase      increase        decrease              decrease               increase              increase              decrease        decrease
                                  Shareholders' net
                                    earnings          $         575 $         275 $               (300) $               (625) $                550 $                 275 $             (300) $         (600)
                                  Shareholders'
                                    equity                      600           300                 (325)                 (675)                  600                   300               (325)           (650)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.

                                  7.    Fair Value Measurement
                                  The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
                                  Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                                  liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-
                                  traded equity securities, exchange-traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active
                                  market with no redemption restrictions.
                                  Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                                  liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are
                                  observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 2 assets and liabilities include those priced using a matrix which is based on
                                  credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted stock, some private bonds and investment funds,
                                  most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most over-the-counter derivatives, and
                                  mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the Level 2 category. Notes issued by
                                  consolidated Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs) are measured at FVTPL and included in Level 2.
                                  Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and
                                  include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3
                                  securities were obtained from single broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities
                                  utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds, certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in
                                  mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions, certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment
                                  properties and equity release mortgages.




                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements              12

                                       B  48                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                 March 31, 2026                                                     December 31, 2025
    Assets measured at fair value                             Level 1         Level 2           Level 3             Total           Level 1         Level 2      Level 3      Total
    Cash and cash equivalents                             $       9,857 $               — $               — $          9,857 $         8,902 $            — $           — $        8,902
    Financial assets at FVTPL
       Bonds                                                          —         160,174                 673         160,847               —         161,130           298     161,428
       Mortgage loans                                                 —           25,655             5,553           31,208               —           26,139        5,664         31,803
       Stocks                                                   11,796                159            7,101           19,056           12,559             183        6,628         19,370
    Total financial assets at FVTPL                             11,796          185,988            13,327           211,111           12,559        187,452        12,590     212,601
    Financial assets at FVOCI
       Bonds                                                          —           13,275                  —          13,275               —           13,040            —         13,040
       Mortgage loans                                                 —               268                 —               268             —              269            —           269
       Stocks                                                     1,036                 —                 —            1,036           1,033              —             —          1,033
    Total financial assets at FVOCI                               1,036           13,543                  —          14,579            1,033          13,309            —         14,342
    Investment properties                                             —                 —            8,444             8,444              —               —         8,293          8,293
    Derivatives 1                                                       9          1,757                  —            1,766                  2        1,861            —          1,863
    Other assets:
       Trading account assets                                       241            3,739                  —            3,980             244           3,751            —          3,995
       Other 2                                                        —               268                 —               268             —              615            —           615
    Total assets measured at fair value                   $     22,939 $ 205,295 $                 21,771 $ 250,005 $                 22,740 $ 206,988 $           20,883 $ 250,611




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Liabilities measured at fair value
    Mortgage on investment property                       $           — $               51 $              — $               51 $          — $             51 $          — $           51
    Derivatives 3                                                       9          2,531                  —            2,540                  3        2,409            —          2,412
    Investment contract liabilities                                   —           89,625                  —          89,625               —           89,042            —         89,042
    Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                        —            4,023                  —            4,023              —            3,904            —          3,904
    Other liabilities 2                                               —               268                 —               268             —              615            —           615
    Total liabilities measured at fair value              $             9 $       96,498 $                — $        96,507 $                 3 $     96,021 $          — $       96,024

1     Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $760 at March 31, 2026 ($523 at December 31, 2025).
2     Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
3     Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $2,051 at March 31, 2026 ($1,551 at December 31, 2025).

There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the period ended March 31,
2026 and the year ended December 31, 2025.




                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        13

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           B  49
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for
                                  which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                                      For the three months ended March 31, 2026
                                                                                                                                                              FVTPL                                               Total
                                                                                                                                              FVTPL          mortgage            FVTPL          Investment       Level 3
                                                                                                                                              bonds           loans             stocks 3         properties      assets
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                          $         298 $           5,664 $           6,628 $        8,293 $       20,883
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                        Included in net earnings                                                                                        6             (166)               91             25           (44)
                                        Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                                     —                (16)               36             22             42
                                      Purchases                                                                                                      62                —                425            104            591
                                      Issues                                                                                                         —                137                —              —             137
                                      Sales                                                                                                          (1)               —                (79)            —             (80)
                                      Settlements                                                                                                    —                (66)               —              —             (66)
                                      Transferred from owner occupied properties                                                                     —                 —                 —              —              —
                                      Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                                      308                —                 —              —             308
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                                     —                 —                 —              —              —
                                      Balance, end of period                                                                              $         673 $           5,553 $           7,101 $        8,444 $       21,771
                                      Total gains (losses) for the period included in net investment result                               $             6 $           (166) $             91 $           25 $          (44)
                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the period included in net earnings
                                        for assets held at March 31, 2026                                         $                                     6 $           (164) $             89 $           25 $          (44)

                                                                                                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2025




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                              FVTPL                                               Total
                                                                                                                                              FVTPL          mortgage             FVTPL         Investment       Level 3
                                                                                                                                              bonds           loans              stocks 3        properties      assets
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                          $         178 $           4,818 $           5,581 $        8,257 $       18,834
                                      Total gains (losses)
                                         Included in net earnings                                                                                     (6)              274              361            (159)          470
                                         Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                                      3                84             (103)            (42)          (58)
                                      Purchases                                                                                                       50                —             1,216             650         1,916
                                      Issues                                                                                                          —                739               —               —            739
                                      Sales                                                                                                           (5)               —               (427)          (439)         (871)
                                      Settlements                                                                                                     —               (251)               —              —           (251)
                                      Transferred from owner occupied properties                                                                      —                 —                 —              26            26
                                      Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                                        78                —                 —              —             78
                                      Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                                     —                 —                 —              —              —
                                      Balance, end of year                                                                                $         298 $           5,664 $           6,628 $        8,293 $       20,883
                                      Total gains (losses) for the year included in net investment result                                 $            (6) $           274 $             361 $         (159) $        470
                                      Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year included in net earnings for assets
                                       held at December 31, 2025                                                           $                           (6) $           262 $             294 $         (159) $        391

                                  1    Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
                                  2    Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in
                                       mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
                                       market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
                                  3    Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                14

                                          B  50                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at period-end in measuring assets and liabilities
categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                        Inter-relationship between
                                                                    Significant                                                         key unobservable inputs
Type of asset       Valuation approach                              unobservable input                Input value                       and fair value measurement
Investment          Investment property valuations are Discount rate                                  Range of 4.2% - 13.6%             A decrease in the discount rate
properties          generally determined using                                                                                          would result in an increase in
                    property valuation models based on                                                                                  fair value. An increase in the
                    expected capitalization rates and                                                                                   discount rate would result in a
                    models that discount expected                                                                                       decrease in fair value.
                    future net cash flows. The
                    determination of the fair value of     Reversionary rate                          Range of 4.4% - 11.0%             A decrease in the reversionary
                    investment property requires the                                                                                    rate would result in an
                    use of estimates such as future cash                                                                                increase in fair value. An
                    flows (such as future leasing                                                                                       increase in the reversionary
                    assumptions, rental rates, capital                                                                                  rate would result in a decrease
                    and operating expenditures) and                                                                                     in fair value.
                    discount, reversionary and overall     Vacancy rate                               Weighted average of 9.0%          A decrease in the expected
                    capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                              vacancy rate would generally
                    asset based on current market                                                                                       result in an increase in fair
                    rates.                                                                                                              value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                        expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                        generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                        in fair value.
Mortgage loans -    The valuation approach for equity    Discount rate                                Range of 5.1% - 6.8%              A decrease in the discount rate
equity release      release mortgages is to use an                                                                                      would result in an increase in
mortgages (FVTPL)   internal valuation model to                                                                                         fair value. An increase in the
                    determine the projected asset cash                                                                                  discount rate would result in a
                    flows, including the cost of the no                                                                                 decrease in fair value.
                    negative equity guarantee for each
                    individual loan, to aggregate these




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                    across all loans and to discount
                    those cash flows back to the
                    valuation date. The projection is
                    done monthly until expected
                    redemption of the loan either
                    voluntarily or on the death/entering
                    into long term care of the
                    loanholders.

Stocks categorized as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy relate to limited partnership investments. The significant unobservable
input used in the valuation of these investments is the Company's invested portion of the net asset value provided by
management of the limited partnerships. Most of the FVTPL bonds categorized as level 3 are private placements for which the
valuation approach is similar to that of the stocks in level 3.

8.   Insurance Revenue

                                                                                                                                      For the three months
                                                                                                                                        ended March 31
                                                                                                                                    2026                      2025
Contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach (PAA)
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
  Experience adjustments                                                                                                  $                    (8) $                     (27)
  CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                                        350                        331
  Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                                           153                        153
  Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                                                             2,480                      2,440
  Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                                195                        167
                                                                                                                                            3,170                      3,064
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                                                            2,529                      2,422
Total insurance revenue                                                                                                   $                 5,699 $                    5,486




                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       15

                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          B  51
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                  9.     Insurance Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held

                                  (a) Insurance Contract (Assets) / Liabilities
                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2026
                                                                                            Not measured under the PAA
                                                                            Estimates of              Risk adjustment
                                                                          present value of            for non-financial
                                                                         future cash flows                  risk                             CSM                           PAA                   Total
                                  Assets                                 $               (7,053) $                      1,527 $                       4,190 $                          (255) $           (1,591)
                                  Liabilities                                          131,538                          4,878                       10,069                           13,830          160,315
                                  Liabilities on account of segregated
                                     fund policyholders                                 69,650                               —                             —                             —               69,650
                                                                         $             194,135 $                        6,405 $                     14,259 $                         13,575 $        228,374

                                                                                                                                   December 31, 2025
                                                                                              Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                Estimates of           Risk adjustment
                                                                              present value of         for non-financial
                                                                             future cash flows               risk                            CSM                           PAA                   Total
                                  Assets                                 $               (7,185) $                      1,549 $                       4,267 $                          (202) $           (1,571)
                                  Liabilities                                          132,620                          5,044                       10,130                           13,850          161,644
                                  Liabilities on account of segregated
                                     fund policyholders                                 70,418                               —                             —                             —               70,418




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                         $             195,853 $                        6,593 $                     14,397 $                         13,648 $        230,491

                                  (b) Reinsurance Contract Held Assets / (Liabilities)
                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2026
                                                                                            Not measured under the PAA
                                                                            Estimates of              Risk adjustment
                                                                          present value of            for non-financial
                                                                         future cash flows                  risk                             CSM                           PAA                   Total
                                  Assets                                 $              15,255 $                           705 $                         304 $                         182 $             16,446
                                  Liabilities                                            (2,587)                        1,096                            606                             (7)               (892)
                                                                         $              12,668 $                        1,801 $                          910 $                         175 $             15,554

                                                                                                                                   December 31, 2025
                                                                                              Not measured under the PAA
                                                                                Estimates of           Risk adjustment
                                                                              present value of         for non-financial
                                                                             future cash flows               risk                            CSM                           PAA                   Total
                                  Assets                                 $              15,713 $                           708 $                         255 $                         174 $             16,850
                                  Liabilities                                            (2,633)                        1,109                            612                             (7)               (919)
                                                                         $              13,080 $                        1,817 $                          867 $                         167 $             15,931




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements            16

                                       B  52                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



10. Segregated Funds
The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
requirements of each region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:
(a) Changes in Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                       For the three months
                                                                                                                                                         ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                      2026                2025
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                              $            551,169 $             496,386
      Additions (deductions):
         Policyholder deposits                                                                                                                               23,355                17,442
         Net investment income                                                                                                                                1,084                 1,132
         Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                                            5,630                 5,583
         Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                            (14,497)                  (14,017)
         Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                   3,068                 6,856
         Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                                        (17,865)                  (20,032)
         Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                                    2                     13
         Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                                    (4)                    —
         Net transfer from general fund                                                                                                                          8                       6
         Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                                1,586                   254
    Total                                                                                                                                                     2,367                 (2,763)




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Balance, end of period 1, 2                                                                                                             $            553,536 $             493,623

1    At March 31, 2026, $55,295 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($58,675 at
     December 31, 2025). Included in this amount are $647 of cash and cash equivalents, $9,452 of bonds, $15 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $45,121 of mutual funds, $68 of
     accrued income and $(8) of other liabilities.
2    At March 31, 2026, $2,645 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets are expected to be transferred to
     Countrywide in 2026 ($2,787 as at December 31, 2025) (note 3). Included in this amount are $93 of cash and cash equivalents, $2,578 of stocks and units in unit trusts and
     $(26) of other liabilities.

(b) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level
                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2026
                                                                                           Level 1                       Level 2                  Level 3                 Total
    Investments on account of segregated fund
      policyholders 1                                                              $                403,755 $                    134,742 $                   17,296 $              555,793

1    Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,257.

                                                                                                                                December 31, 2025
                                                                                            Level 1                       Level 2                 Level 3                 Total
    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders 1                                                             $                402,281 $                    139,230 $                   14,013 $              555,524

1    Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,355.

For the three months ended March 31, 2026, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $374 have been transferred from Level 2 to
Level 1 ($2,779 were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2025) primarily based on the Company's change in use
of inputs in addition to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include those assets
where fair value is not available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in
active markets and where the Company does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.




                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         17

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          B  53
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
                                  for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                                                     March 31                 December 31
                                                                                                                                                                         2026                     2025
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                  $                    14,013 $              13,354
                                  Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                                  (47)                 (450)
                                  Purchases                                                                                                                                          177                  2,067
                                  Sales                                                                                                                                               (43)               (1,066)
                                  Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                            3,350                  135
                                  Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                           (154)                  (27)
                                  Balance, end of period                                                                                                      $                    17,296 $              14,013

                                  Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level
                                  3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market
                                  prices with multiple pricing vendors.

                                  11. Share Capital

                                  Common Shares
                                                                                                                                 For the three months ended March 31
                                                                                                                            2026                                                       2025
                                                                                                          Number                   Carrying value                      Number                 Carrying value




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Common shares
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                                906,331,875 $                           5,983               932,107,643 $                     6,071
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based payment
                                    plans                                                                         549,690                               21                     722,548                         27
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal course issuer
                                    bid                                                                        (8,842,473)                            (567)                (2,122,069)                     (111)
                                  Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
                                    normal course issuer bid                                                               —                           509                             —                       97
                                  Balance, end of period                                                    898,039,092 $                           5,946               930,708,122 $                     6,084

                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2026, 549,690 common shares were exercised under the Company's stock option
                                  plan with a carrying value of $21, including $11 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise (722,548 with a carrying
                                  value of $27, including $17 from contributed surplus transferred upon exercise for the three months ended March 31, 2025).
                                  On January 2, 2026, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) commencing January 6, 2026
                                  and terminating January 5, 2027 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at
                                  market prices. The renewed NCIB continues to permit the Company to purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation
                                  and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in order for PFC to approximately maintain its proportionate
                                  percentage ownership in the Company.
                                  During the first quarter of 2026, the Company entered into an automatic purchase plan (APP) with a designated broker to
                                  facilitate repurchases of common shares under the NCIB, including at times when the Company would ordinarily not be
                                  permitted to make purchases due to regulatory restrictions or self-imposed blackout periods. As at March 31, 2026, an
                                  obligation for the repurchase of shares under the APP of $78 was recognized in other liabilities, with a corresponding reduction
                                  in contributed surplus.
                                  During the three months ended March 31, 2026, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 8,842,473 common
                                  shares under the current NCIB at a cost of $567 (2,122,069 common shares at a cost of $111 for the three months ended March
                                  31, 2025, under the previous NCIB). The Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares
                                  repurchased for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value, including associated taxes and other related
                                  fees, was $520 and was recognized as a reduction to accumulated surplus for the three months ended March 31, 2026 ($99 for
                                  the three months ended March 31, 2025, under the previous NCIB).




                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                18

                                      B  54                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



12. Earnings Per Common Share
The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                                                                         For the three months
                                                                                                                                           ended March 31
                                                                                                                                       2026                      2025
Earnings
Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                          $                 1,242 $                     892
Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                                                                          (50)                      (32)
Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                                           $                 1,192 $                     860


Number of common shares
Average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                           902,393,772                931,722,456
Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                                                                     5,642,537                  4,205,154
Average number of common shares outstanding - diluted basis                                                                           908,036,309                935,927,610


Basic earnings per common share                                                                                              $                  1.32 $                     0.92


Diluted earnings per common share                                                                                            $                  1.31 $                     0.92


Dividends per common share                                                                                                   $                 0.670 $                    0.610




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
13. Capital Management

(a) Policies and Objectives
Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for
the Company and ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders.
For these purposes, the Board considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of
subordinated liabilities in addition to the relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its
subsidiaries operate.
The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The
primary objectives of the Company’s capital management strategy are:
•   To maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
    regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
•   To maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
•   To provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders' value in the context of the Company’s operational risks
    and strategic plans.
The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the
probability of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views
expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to
hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of
confidence.
Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital
plan. The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved
by the Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all material capital
transactions undertaken by management.
(b) Regulatory Capital
In Canada, The Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) has established a regulatory capital adequacy
measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.
The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required
capital, defined by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the
sum of Available Capital, Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits.

                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements       19

                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          B  55
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)


                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratio for Canada Life:

                                                                                                                                                                                 March 31                  December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                     2026                     2025
                                      Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                                      $              21,009        $         21,061
                                      Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                                                       7,590                    7,667
                                      Total Available Capital                                                                                                                            28,599                  28,728
                                      Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits                                                                                                              4,986                    5,155
                                      Total Capital Resources                                                                                                             $              33,585        $         33,883
                                      Required Capital                                                                                                                    $              26,109        $         26,541
                                      Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%) 1                                                                                                     129 %                 128 %

                                  1    Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

                                  Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of the Company are required to comply with local capital or solvency
                                  requirements in their respective jurisdictions.

                                  14. Income Taxes

                                  (a) Income Tax Expense
                                  Income tax recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings:

                                                                                                                                                                                      For the three months
                                                                                                                                                                                        ended March 31




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                                                    2026                     2025
                                      Current income tax
                                       Current income tax                                                                                                                $                      271 $                 154
                                       Global Minimum Tax (GMT)                                                                                                                                  46                     31
                                      Total current income tax                                                                                                                                  317                   185
                                      Total deferred income tax                                                                                                                                 (46)                   (28)
                                      Total income tax expense                                                                                                           $                      271 $                 157

                                  (b) Effective Income Tax Rate
                                  The effective income tax rates are generally lower than the Company's statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related
                                  to non-taxable investment income and lower income tax in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  The effective income tax rate varies from period to period as a result of changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings and
                                  movements in non-taxable investment income. It may also be affected by other items such as provision-to-return adjustments,
                                  tax rate changes, the recognition of tax credits and updates to tax estimates, including deferred tax asset recoverability and
                                  uncertain tax position estimates.
                                  The effective income tax rate for the three months ended March 31, 2026 was 16.9% (14.6% for the three months ended March
                                  31, 2025).
                                  The effective income tax rate for the shareholder account for the three months ended March 31, 2026 was 17.3% (16.1% for the
                                  three months ended March 31, 2025).
                                  The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes from recognizing and disclosing
                                  deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.




                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                20

                                          B  56                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



15. Segmented Information

(a) Consolidated Net Earnings
    For the three months ended March 31, 2026
                                                                                                                                            Capital and
                                                                                   United                                                      Risk
                                                                                   States             Canada               Europe            Solutions     Corporate        Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                      $              — $            2,428 $              1,884 $         1,336 $         51 $          5,699
      Net investment income 2                                                              872               1,013                  367            146           108            2,506
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                              (558)               (455)               (751)           (268)          (37)          (2,069)
                                                                                           314               2,986                1,500           1,214          122            6,136
      Fee and other income 3                                                             1,217                 537                  250               3           33            2,040
                                                                                         1,531               3,523                1,750           1,217          155            8,176
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                              —             (1,654)               (1,632)          (943)          (70)          (4,299)
      Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                 —                (398)                 (19)           (12)           (9)           (438)
                                                                                              —             (2,052)               (1,651)          (955)          (79)          (4,737)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                  —                (438)                498            164            (27)             197
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                —                   (2)                22               6           19                45
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                            (46)                  (5)                  1              3            (3)              (50)




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                            (46)               (445)                521            173            (11)             192
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
      of segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income (loss)                                                            —                211                 (166)             —             —                45
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                  —                (211)                166              —             —                (45)
                                                                                              —                   —                   —              —             —                —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                                (973)               (425)               (298)            (13)          (98)          (1,807)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                         (60)                (33)                 (16)            —             (3)           (112)
      Financing costs                                                                         (3)                 —                   —              (1)          (83)              (87)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                                (20)                  —                   —              —             —                (20)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                    429                 568                  306            421           (119)          1,605
    Income taxes                                                                             77                124                   51             68            (49)             271
    Net earnings (loss) before non-controlling interests                                   352                 444                  255            353            (70)          1,334
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                 —                  88                   —              —              4               92
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders, before
      preferred share dividends and other equity
      distributions                                                                        352                 356                  255            353            (74)          1,242
    Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                  —                   —                   —              —            50                50
    Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                  $           352 $               356 $                255 $          353 $         (124) $        1,192

1    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         21

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                            B  57
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                      For the three months ended March 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                                                          Capital and
                                                                                                                 United                                                      Risk
                                                                                                                 States             Canada               Europe            Solutions          Corporate       Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 1                                                  $             — $             2,421 $             1,726 $             1,280 $           59 $        5,486
                                        Net investment income 2                                                          908                 866                 404                   74            83          2,335
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                          933                 738                 (373)               (119)           80          1,259
                                                                                                                      1,841                4,025               1,757               1,235            222          9,080
                                        Fee and other income 3                                                        1,153                  496                 233                     4           25          1,911
                                                                                                                      2,994                4,521               1,990               1,239            247        10,991
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                         —              (1,692)             (1,481)             (1,051)            (52)       (4,276)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                   —                (371)                 (41)                (10)            (8)         (430)
                                                                                                                           —              (2,063)             (1,522)             (1,061)            (60)       (4,706)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             —              (1,491)                155                   58           (148)       (1,426)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                           —                   14                (159)                   4                2       (139)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                    (1,554)                 (36)                  —                 (17)            (1)       (1,608)
                                                                                                                      (1,554)             (1,513)                   (4)                45           (147)       (3,173)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income                                                              —                   14                (264)                  —             —           (250)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                             —                  (14)               264                    —             —               250
                                                                                                                           —                   —                    —                   —             —                —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                           (957)               (510)                (248)                (12)           (82)       (1,809)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                     (61)                (32)                (15)                  —             (3)         (111)
                                        Financing costs                                                                     (2)                —                    —                   (1)         (100)         (103)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                              (1)                —                  (10)                  —             —               (11)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                419                 403                 191                  210           (145)        1,078
                                      Income taxes                                                                         81                  76                  24                  26            (50)             157
                                      Net earnings (loss) before non-controlling interests                               338                 327                 167                  184            (95)             921
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                            —                   26                   —                   —                 3           29
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders, before preferred
                                        share dividends                                                                  338                 301                 167                  184            (98)             892
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                            —                   —                    —                   —            32               32
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                              $           338 $               301 $               167 $                184 $         (130) $           860

                                  1    Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  2    Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3    Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements             22

                                          B  58                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                  For the three months
                                                                                                                                                    ended March 31
                                                                                                                                                2026                 2025
Revenue
United States                                                                                                                            $              379 $                   436
United Kingdom                                                                                                                                          505                     504
Japan                                                                                                                                                    (52)                    (52)
Other                                                                                                                                                   385                     351
Total revenue                                                                                                                            $             1,217 $                 1,239
Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds.
(b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                        March 31, 2026
                                                                          United                                                               Capital and Risk
                                                                          States                   Canada                       Europe            Solutions           Total
Assets
Invested assets                                                    $             90,799 $                102,266 $                  45,751 $            11,104 $          249,920
Insurance contract assets                                                             298                       441                      498               354                 1,591
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                 11,458                      1,212                   3,672                 104                16,446
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                     6,369                     6,737                   3,173                    —               16,279
Other assets                                                                     15,917                      5,554                   4,436                 118                26,025




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Investments on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                               235,177                   126,414                   191,945                    —           553,536
Total                                                              $           360,018 $                 242,624 $                 249,475 $            11,680 $          863,797


Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                     $             17,297 $                  91,886 $                 44,565 $             6,567 $          160,315
Investment contract liabilities                                                  85,180                      3,354                       524               567                89,625
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                 141                       327                      381                  43                892
Other liabilities                                                                11,630                      9,502                   3,654               1,478                26,264
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                                 14,094                    37,902                   17,654                    —               69,650
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                               221,083                     88,512                  174,291                    —           483,886
Total                                                              $           349,425 $                 231,483 $                 241,069 $             8,655 $          830,632




                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements        23

                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          B  59
                                  Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



                                                                                                                                            December 31, 2025
                                                                                                 United                                                                  Capital and Risk
                                                                                                 States                    Canada                    Europe                 Solutions                  Total
                                  Assets
                                  Invested assets                                         $             89,945 $                102,100 $                   46,795 $                   11,211 $          250,051
                                  Insurance contract assets                                                 315                       445                        534                      277                  1,571
                                  Reinsurance contract held assets                                      11,818                      1,224                     3,705                       103                16,850
                                  Goodwill and intangible assets                                          6,283                     6,734                     3,178                           —              16,195
                                  Other assets                                                          16,339                      6,162                     4,388                       103                26,992
                                  Investments on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                    234,212                   125,176                   191,781                             —          551,169
                                  Total                                                   $           358,912 $                 241,841 $                 250,381 $                    11,694 $          862,828


                                  Liabilities
                                  Insurance contract liabilities                          $             17,632 $                  91,645 $                  45,504 $                    6,863 $          161,644
                                  Investment contract liabilities                                       84,620                      3,456                        377                      589                89,042
                                  Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                     158                       321                        397                          43                919
                                  Other liabilities                                                     12,140                      9,835                     3,756                     1,320                27,051
                                  Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                      14,265                    38,237                    17,916                            —              70,418
                                  Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                     policyholders                                                    219,947                     86,939                  173,865                             —          480,751
                                  Total                                                   $           348,762 $                 230,433 $                 241,815 $                     8,815 $          829,825




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                                       March 31                    December 31
                                                                                                                                                                           2026                       2025
                                  Assets
                                  United States                                                                                                                 $                     4,951 $                  4,702
                                  United Kingdom                                                                                                                                      3,487                    3,765
                                  Japan                                                                                                                                               2,623                    2,722
                                  Other                                                                                                                                                619                      505
                                  Total assets                                                                                                                  $                    11,680 $                11,694




                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements                24

                                       B  60                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Condensed Notes to the Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)



(c)      CSM
                                                                                                  For the three months ended March 31, 2026
                                                                     Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                  Capital
                                                                   United                                        and Risk                    Segregated
                                                                   States        Canada           Europe         Solutions        Total        Funds    Participating Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                       $        60 $          513 $         3,866 $          2,430 $     6,869 $        3,175 $           3,486 $13,530
      CSM recognized for services provided                                 (2)           (15)             (86)            (73)      (176)          (102)               (42)        (320)
      Contracts initially recognized in the period                         —                7              59              45        111             35                 24          170
      Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                             —               (2)            (21)            (71)        (94)            (8)               46           (56)
      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
        contracts                                                          —                4              24              16         44              (4)               —             40
      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                  1             —               (14)              (4)       (17)            (1)                 3          (15)
    CSM, end of period                                           $        59 $          507 $         3,828 $          2,343 $     6,737 $        3,095 $           3,517 $13,349

1    The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.



                                                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                        Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                   Capital
                                                                   United                                         and Risk                    Segregated
                                                                   States        Canada          Europe           Solutions       Total         Funds        Participating       Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                       $        55 $         690 $          3,664 $          2,436 $     6,845 $         3,268 $          3,255 $13,368




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      CSM recognized for services provided                                 (8)          (67)            (326)            (269)      (670)            (407)            (155)      (1,232)
      Contracts initially recognized in the year                           —             40              267              100        407             126               109          642
      Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                            14          (168)                 5               28      (121)              83              289          251
      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
        contracts                                                           2            18               91                65       176              (15)              —           161
      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                 (3)           —               165                70       232             120               (12)         340
    CSM, end of year                                             $        60 $         513 $          3,866 $          2,430 $     6,869 $         3,175 $          3,486 $13,530

1    The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. First Quarter 2026 Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements         25

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                           B  61
Page intentionally left blank.




     B  62                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
                               IGM Financial Inc.
                                                   PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE C 4 4




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the
current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking
statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding
the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at
and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about
the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and




                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6   C  1
                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                              The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and financial
                              condition of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2026
                              and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Interim
                              Financial Statements), as well as the 2025 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Commentary in
                              the MD&A as at and for the three months ended March 31, 2026 is as of May 7, 2026.

                              Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                              The Interim Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the Company’s
                              MD&A, have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting and
                              are presented in Canadian dollars (Note 2 of the Interim Financial Statements).



                              Forward-looking Statements
                              Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical                  affect the operations, performance and results of the Company
                              fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions                       and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, and their businesses,
                              and reflect IGM Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company)                    and could cause actual results to differ materially from current
                              and, where applicable, its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’,                    expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                              current expectations. Forward-looking statements are provided                           factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated
                              to assist the reader in understanding the Company’s, and its                            impact of general economic, political and market factors in North
                              subsidiaries and strategic investments, financial position and results                  America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
                              of operations as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and                      global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity
                              to present information about management’s current expectations                          and funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used
                              and plans relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such                       to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with
                              statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These                             critical accounting assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying
                              statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the                    future accounting changes, operational and reputational risks,
                              operations, business, financial condition, expected financial results,                  environmental and social risks, business competition, technological
                              performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals,                      change including artificial intelligence, changes in government
                              ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the Company, and its                      regulations and legislation, changes in tax laws, the impact of trade
                              subsidiaries and strategic investments, as well as the outlook for North                relations, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic
                              American and international economies, for the current fiscal year and                   events, outbreaks of disease or pandemics (such as COVID-19),
                              subsequent periods. Forward-looking statements include statements                       the Company’s ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate
                              that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events                    acquisitions and implement other growth strategies, and the
                              or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”,                       Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ success in
                              “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”,            anticipating and managing the foregoing factors.
                              “forecasts” or negative versions thereof and other similar expressions,
                                                                                                                      The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of
                              or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would”
                                                                                                                      the factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking
                              and “could”.
                                                                                                                      statements. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other
                              This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions                  factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place
                              that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or                       undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                              projection as reflected in the forward-looking statements, including
                                                                                                                      Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the
                              the perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected
                                                                                                                      Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
                              future developments, as well as other factors that are believed to
                                                                                                                      statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on
                              be appropriate in the circumstances. While the Company considers
                                                                                                                      which such statements are made, or to reflect the occurrence of
                              these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently
                                                                                                                      unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                                                      events or results, or otherwise.
                              By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and
                                                                                                                      Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the
                              uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to
                                                                                                                      Company’s business and material factors or assumptions on which
                              the possibility that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or
                                                                                                                      information contained in forward-looking statements is based is
                              conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not
                                                                                                                      provided in its disclosure materials, including this Management’s
                              be correct and that objectives, including environmental and social,
                                                                                                                      Discussion and Analysis and its most recent Annual Information Form,
                              strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.
                                                                                                                      filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada, available at
                              A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the                             www.sedarplus.ca.
                              Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ control,




                                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                          5
                                    C  2                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios                           This report also contains other financial measures which include:
that do not have standard meanings prescribed by International
                                                                                               • Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be directly
                                                                                                 the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses
comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These
                                                                                                 IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth
measures and ratios are used to provide management, investors
                                                                                                 Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All
and investment analysts with additional measures to assess
                                                                                                 instances where the asset management segment is providing
earnings performance.
                                                                                                 investment management services or distributing its products
Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted                           through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in
net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net                                    IGM Financial’s reporting such that there is no double-counting
earnings”, “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted                                    of the same client savings held at IGM Financial’s core businesses.
earnings before interest and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings
                                                                                               • Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization before sales
                                                                                                 Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products
commissions” (EBITDA before sales commissions), and “earnings
                                                                                                 held within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization after sales
                                                                                                 core business.
commissions” (EBITDA after sales commissions). These measures
exclude other items which are items of a non-recurring nature,                                 • Non-fee-bearing assets are institutional client assets for which the
or that could make the period-over-period comparison of results                                  Company does not earn ongoing advisory fees. These assets are
from operations less meaningful. These measures also exclude the                                 included for reporting completeness but do not contribute to
Company’s proportionate share of items that Great-West Lifeco Inc.                               recurring fee revenue.
(Great West) excludes from its IFRS reported net earnings in arriving
                                                                                               • Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
at Great West’s base earnings. Base earnings is an alternate measure
                                                                                                 Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues
Great West uses to understand the underlying business performance
                                                                                                 and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation
compared to IFRS net earnings. Great West’s financial information
                                                                                                 to its investment management activities. AUM are client assets
can be obtained in its disclosure materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca.
                                                                                                 where we provide investment management services, and include
EBITDA before sales commissions excludes all sales commissions.
                                                                                                 investment funds where we are the fund manager, investment
EBITDA after sales commissions includes all sales commissions and
                                                                                                 advisory mandates to institutions, and other client accounts where
highlights aggregate cash flows.
                                                                                                 we have discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.
Non-IFRS ratios include the following:
                                                                                               • Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
                                                                                                 Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including
 Ratio                   Numerator                    Denominator
                                                                                                 the Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic
 Adjusted earnings       Adjusted net                 Average number of                          investments based on the Company’s interest in the strategic
 per share               earnings available           outstanding common                         investments. The strategic investments included are those whose
 (Adjusted EPS)          to common                    shares on a diluted basis                  activities are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
                         shareholders                                                            ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller
 Return (Adjusted        Net earnings                 Average shareholders’                      client assets include assets under management and advisement
 return) on equity       (Adjusted net                equity                                     as well as assets held for investment purposes and only receiving
 (ROE, Adjusted ROE)     earnings) available                                                     administrative services.
                         to common                                                             • Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
                         shareholders                                                            excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
 ROE (Adjusted ROE)      Net earnings                 Average shareholders’                    • Unallocated Capital represents capital not allocated to any of
 excluding the impact    (Adjusted net                equity excluding
                                                                                                 the operating companies and which would be available for
 of fair value through   earnings) available          the impact of fair
                                                                                                 investment, debt repayment, distribution to shareholders or other
 other comprehensive     to common                    value through other
                                                                                                 corporate purposes.
 income investments      shareholders                 comprehensive income
                                                      investments net of tax
Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
accordance with IFRS in Tables 1, 2 and 3.




                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




6     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      C  3
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                              Summary of Consolidated Operating Results
                              IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and                        Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
                              asset management company supporting advisors                                (a non-IFRS measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                              and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional                     and Other Financial Measures and Table 1), excluding
                              investors globally. The Company operates through                            other items outlined below, for the three months ended
                              a number of operating subsidiaries and also holds a                         March 31, 2026 were $284.3 million or $1.21 per share,
                              number of strategic investments that provide benefits                       which were both first quarter record highs, compared
                              to these subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s                        with adjusted net earnings available to common
                              growth prospects. The Company’s wealth management                           shareholders of $237.8 million or $1.00 per share for the
                              segment consists of IG Wealth Management (IG), and                          comparative period in 2025, representing an increase
                              strategic investments in Rockefeller Capital Management                     of 21.0% in adjusted earnings per share. Adjusted net
                              (Rockefeller) and Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                              earnings available to common shareholders in the current
                              (Wealthsimple). The asset management segment consists                       quarter represented a decrease of 4.7% in adjusted
                              of Mackenzie Investments (Mackenzie) and strategic                          earnings per share from $1.27 per share for the three
                              investments in China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                             months ended December 31, 2025.
                              (ChinaAMC) and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf).                    Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2026
                              The Company also holds an investment in Great-West                          consisted of ($0.5) million reflecting the Company’s
                              Lifeco Inc. (Great West).                                                   proportionate share of items Great West excludes from
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                 its base earnings (Great West other items). Great West
                              Advisement Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A                           excludes items from its IFRS reported net earnings
                              Including SI) were $568.9 billion as at March 31, 2026, the                 to arrive at base earnings, which are an alternate
                              highest level in the history of the Company, compared                       measure Great West uses to understand the underlying
                              with $503.6 billion at March 31, 2025 and $566.2 billion at                 business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
                              December 31, 2025, as detailed in Table 5.                                  Great West’s financial information can be obtained in its
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                                 disclosure materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca.
                              Advisement (AUM&A) were $314.0 billion as at March 31,                      Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2025
                              2026, a record quarter-end high, compared with                              consisted of Great West other items of ($4.0) million.
                              $275.0 billion at March 31, 2025 and $310.1 billion at                      Other items for the three months ended December 31,
                              December 31, 2025. IGM Financial’s Assets Under                             2025 consisted of Great West other items of ($5.1) million
                              Management and Advisement (AUM&A) excluding                                 and a gain on partial sales of investment in associates
                              non-fee-bearing assets were $311.4 billion as at                            of $26.1 million net of tax and one-time costs.
                              March 31, 2026, compared with $275.0 billion at
                              March 31, 2025 and $310.1 billion at December 31,                           Total equity was $9.1 billion as at March 31, 2026,
                              2025. Average total AUM&A excluding non-fee-bearing                         compared to $9.0 billion at December 31, 2025. Adjusted
                              assets for the first quarter of 2026 were $314.8 billion                    ROE (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                                                                                                          and Other Financial Measures) for the three months ended




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              compared to $274.7 billion in the first quarter of 2025
                              and $307.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2025.                           March 31, 2026 was 12.7% compared with 12.1% for the
                                                                                                          comparative period in 2025. Adjusted ROE excluding the
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders for the                       impact of fair value through other comprehensive income
                              three months ended March 31, 2026 were $283.8 million                       investments (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial
                              or $1.20 per share compared with net earnings available                     Measures and Other Financial Measures) for the three
                              to common shareholders of $233.8 million or $0.98 per                       months ended March 31, 2026 was 15.7% compared with
                              share for the comparative period in 2025. Net earnings                      13.7% for the comparative period in 2025. The quarterly
                              available to common shareholders for the three months                       dividend per common share declared in the first quarter
                              ended December 31, 2025 were $322.4 million or                              of 2026 was 62 cents, an increase of 5.75 cents or 10.2%
                              $1.36 per share.                                                            from the fourth quarter of 2025.


                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 7
                                   C  4                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                                                                                                                                           Three months ended
                                                                                                                                  2026        2025        2025
($ millions except EPS)                                                                                                         Mar. 31     Dec. 31      Mar. 31
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                   $     284.3 $     301.4 $     237.8
 Great West other items                                                                                                            (0.5)       (5.1)       (4.0)
 Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                                                                        –        26.1           –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                               $     283.8 $     322.4 $     233.8
Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                                                              $      1.21 $      1.27 $          1.00
 Great West other items                                                                                                           (0.01)      (0.02)          (0.02)
 Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                                                                        –        0.11               –
Earnings per share(2)                                                                                                       $      1.20 $      1.36 $         0.98
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                                                235,809     237,550     238,233

EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                                                                          $     455.0 $     477.5 $     393.6
 Sales–based commissions paid                                                                                                     (36.8)      (35.8)      (34.2)
EBITDA after sales commissions(1)                                                                                                 418.2       441.7       359.4
 Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                                                              36.8        35.8        34.2
 Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                                                                    (30.5)      (29.7)      (27.8)
 Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                             (24.4)      (24.5)      (24.7)
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                                    400.1       423.3       341.1
 Interest expense(3)                                                                                                               32.1        32.6        32.0
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                          368.0       390.7       309.1
 Income taxes                                                                                                                      82.2        87.2        69.6
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                          285.8       303.5       239.5
 Great West other items                                                                                                            (0.5)       (5.1)       (4.0)
 Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                                                                        –        26.1           –
Net earnings                                                                                                                      285.3       324.5       235.5
 Non-controlling interest                                                                                                           1.5         2.1         1.7
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                               $     283.8 $     322.4 $     233.8
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Diluted earnings per share.
(3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




Market Overview                                                                                 • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia
                                                                                                  Pacific net total return index, remained flat in the first
Financial market returns were generally negative for
                                                                                                  quarter of 2026. In 2025, there was an increase of 0.9%
the first quarter of 2026:
                                                                                                  in the first quarter and 28.0% for the year.
• The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased
  by 3.9% in the first quarter of 2026. In 2025, there was                                      • Chinese equity markets, as measured by the CSI 300 net




                                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  an increase of 1.5% in the first quarter and 31.7% for                                          total return index, decreased by 3.7% in the first quarter
  the year.                                                                                       of 2026. In 2025, there was a decrease of 1.0% in the
                                                                                                  first quarter and an increase of 20.6% for the year.
• U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total
  return index, decreased by 4.3% in the first quarter of                                       • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return index
  2026. In 2025, there was a decrease of 4.3% in the first                                        increased by 0.2% in the first quarter of 2026. In 2025,
  quarter and an increase of 17.9% for the year.                                                  there was an increase of 2.0% in the first quarter and
                                                                                                  2.6% for the year.
• European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI
  Europe net total return index, decreased by 0.9% in the                                       • Our clients experienced average investment returns
  first quarter of 2026. In 2025, there was an increase of                                        of -0.2% in the first quarter of 2026. In 2025, client
  5.9% in the first quarter and 19.4% for the year.                                               investment returns were 0.4% in the first quarter and
                                                                                                  11.9% for the year.

8     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                              C  5
                              IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 1.3% from                                 • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the
                              $310.1 billion at December 31, 2025 to $314.0 billion                          investments in Great West and Portage Ventures
                              at March 31, 2026. See Table 27 for the composition                            LPs, the Company’s unallocated capital, as well as
                              of IGM Financial’s AUM&A.                                                      consolidation elimination entries.
                                                                                                           Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)
                              Reportable Segments                                                          represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM
                              The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth                                 Financial’s core businesses IG Wealth Management and
                              Management, Asset Management and Corporate & Other                           Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth Management
                              and reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and                   segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances
                              performance measurement (Tables 2 and 3):                                    where the Asset Management segment is providing
                              • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core                    investment management services or distributing its
                                business and strategic investments that are principally                    products through the Wealth Management segment are
                                focused on providing financial planning and related                        eliminated in IGM Financial’s reporting such that there
                                services to retail client households. This segment                         is no double-counting of the same client savings held at
                                includes the activities of IG Wealth Management                            IGM Financial’s core businesses.
                                which is a retail distribution organization that serves                    Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of
                                Canadian households through its investment dealer                          the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and
                                and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial                    investment products held within client accounts of our
                                products and services. A majority of the revenues of                       Wealth Management segment operating companies.
                                this segment are derived from providing financial                          Non-fee-bearing assets are institutional client assets
                                advice and distributing financial products and services                    for which the Company does not earn ongoing
                                to Canadian households. This segment also includes                         advisory fees. These assets are included for reporting
                                the investment management activities of these                              completeness but do not contribute to recurring
                                organizations, including mutual fund management                            fee revenue.
                                and discretionary portfolio management services.
                                This segment also includes the Company’s strategic                         Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of
                                investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.                               the Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional
                                Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate                    driver of revenues and expenses within the Wealth
                                and accounted for using the equity method, with                            Management segment in relation to its investment
                                the proportionate share of earnings included in                            management activities. AUM are client assets where we
                                revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment                       provide investment management services, and include
                                which is accounted for at fair value through other                         investment funds where we are the fund manager,
                                comprehensive income (FVTOCI) and therefore has                            investment advisory mandates to institutions, and other
                                no impact on the segment earnings.                                         client accounts where we have discretionary portfolio
                                                                                                           management responsibilities.
                              • Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core
                                business and strategic investments primarily focused                       Assets Under Management and Advisement Including
                                on providing investment management services.                               Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents
                                This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie                          AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share
                                Investments which provides investment management                           of the AUM&A of strategic investments based on




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                services to a suite of investment funds that are                           the Company’s interest in the strategic investments.
                                distributed through third party dealers and financial                      The strategic investments included are those whose
                                advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates                      activities are primarily in asset and wealth management,
                                to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional                and include ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and
                                investors. This segment also includes the Company’s                        Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include AUM&A
                                strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf                            as well as assets held for investment purposes and only
                                which are classified as investments in associates                          receiving administrative services.
                                and accounted for using the equity method. The
                                proportionate share of earnings on these investments                       Financial Presentation
                                are included in the segment’s revenue.                                     The financial presentation includes revenues and
                                                                                                           expenses to align with the key drivers of business activity


                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 9
                                   C  6                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025
                                                          Wealth Management                   Asset Management                  Corporate & Other                                   Total
Three months ended                                                2026         2025                 2026          2025                2026        2025             2026         2025
($ millions)                                                    Mar. 31       Mar. 31             Mar. 31        Mar. 31            Mar. 31      Mar. 31         Mar. 31       Mar. 31
Revenues
 Wealth management                                          $     734.7 $        642.8        $           – $               –   $      (5.0) $      (3.3)    $     729.7 $      639.5

 Asset management                                                      –                –           303.1           284.4             (27.6)       (26.5)          275.5        257.9
 Dealer compensation expense                                           –                –           (85.1)          (83.7)             (2.0)         (1.4)          (87.1)      (85.1)
 Net asset management                                                  –                –           218.0           200.7             (29.6)       (27.9)         188.4         172.8

 Net investment income and other                                     2.9             2.1              1.8              1.5              5.7          4.2            10.4             7.8
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                        (2.5)           (3.7)            42.1             39.0             30.3         24.5            69.9            59.8
                                                                  735.1          641.2              261.9           241.2               1.4         (2.5)         998.4         879.9
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                311.5          275.1               27.0             26.2                –            –           338.5        301.3
 Operations and support                                           126.2          117.9              105.0             95.7              0.5          0.8           231.7        214.4
 Sub-advisory                                                      58.1           51.5                4.7              2.8            (34.7)       (31.2)           28.1         23.1
                                                                  495.8          444.5              136.7           124.7             (34.2)       (30.4)          598.3        538.8
Adjusted earnings before interest
and taxes(1)                                                      239.3          196.7              125.2           116.5              35.6         27.9          400.1         341.1
Interest expense(2)                                                25.7           25.5                6.4             6.5                 –            –           32.1          32.0
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                          213.6          171.2              118.8           110.0              35.6         27.9          368.0         309.1
Income taxes                                                       57.5           46.9               23.2            21.8               1.5          0.9           82.2          69.6
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                         156.1           124.3               95.6             88.2             34.1         27.0           285.8        239.5
Non-controlling interest                                             –               –                1.5              1.7                –            –             1.5          1.7
Adjusted net earnings available
to common shareholders(1)                                   $ 156.1 $            124.3        $      94.1 $           86.5      $      34.1 $       27.0          284.3         237.8
Other items(1), net of tax
Great West other items                                                                                                                                              (0.5)           (4.0)
Net earnings available to
common shareholders                                                                                                                                          $     283.8 $      233.8
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




and to reflect our emphasis on business growth and                                                  and depend largely on the level and composition
operational efficiency. The categories are as follows:                                              of assets under management.
• Wealth management revenue – revenues earned                                                     - Other financial planning revenues are fees
  by the Wealth Management segment for providing                                                    primarily related to providing clients other financial
  financial planning, investment advisory and related                                               products including mortgages, insurance and
  financial services. Revenues include:                                                             banking products.




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
   - Advisory fees are related to providing financial                                           • Asset management revenue – revenues earned by
     advice to clients including fees related to the                                              the Asset Management segment related to investment
     distribution of products and depend largely on                                               management advisory and administrative services.
     the level and composition of AUA. Advisory fees                                              Revenues include:
     also include net interest income from client cash                                            - Asset management fees – third party includes
     on deposit.                                                                                    fees received from our investment funds and fees
   - Product and program fees are related to the                                                    from third parties for investment management
     management of investment products and include                                                  services. Compensation paid to dealers offsets the
     management, administration and other related fees                                              fees earned.



10 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                                    C  7
                              Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q1 2026 vs. Q4 2025
                                                                                   Wealth Management                   Asset Management                    Corporate & Other                                 Total
                              Three months ended                                           2026          2025                2026          2025                 2026          2025               2026        2025
                              ($ millions)                                               Mar. 31       Dec. 31             Mar. 31       Dec. 31              Mar. 31       Dec. 31            Mar. 31     Dec. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                     $     734.7 $        736.2        $           – $             –      $       (5.0) $         (4.5)    $     729.7 $     731.7

                               Asset management                                                 –                –           303.1           307.1              (27.6)           (28.4)          275.5       278.7
                               Dealer compensation expense                                      –                –           (85.1)          (86.5)              (2.0)             (1.8)          (87.1)     (88.3)
                               Net asset management                                             –                –           218.0           220.6              (29.6)           (30.2)         188.4        190.4

                               Net investment income and other                               2.9             1.7               1.8              2.0               5.7              5.8            10.4         9.5
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                  (2.5)           12.2              42.1             32.9              30.3             31.1            69.9        76.2
                                                                                           735.1          750.1              261.9           255.5                 1.4             2.2          998.4      1,007.8
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                           311.5          307.1               27.0            30.2                  –                –           338.5       337.3
                               Operations and support                                      126.2          119.9              105.0           100.0                0.5              0.2           231.7       220.1
                               Sub-advisory                                                 58.1           57.4                4.7             4.3              (34.7)           (34.6)           28.1        27.1
                                                                                           495.8          484.4              136.7           134.5              (34.2)           (34.4)          598.3       584.5
                              Adjusted earnings before interest
                              and taxes(1)                                                 239.3          265.7              125.2           121.0               35.6             36.6          400.1        423.3
                              Interest expense(2)                                           25.7           26.0                6.4             6.6                  –                –           32.1         32.6
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                     213.6          239.7              118.8           114.4               35.6             36.6          368.0        390.7
                              Income taxes                                                  57.5           62.0               23.2            23.7                1.5              1.5           82.2         87.2
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                    156.1           177.7                95.6            90.7              34.1             35.1           285.8       303.5
                              Non-controlling interest                                        –               –                 1.5             2.1                 –                –             1.5         2.1
                              Adjusted net earnings available
                              to common shareholders(1)                              $ 156.1 $            177.7        $      94.1 $           88.6       $      34.1 $           35.1          284.3        301.4
                              Other items(1), net of tax
                              Great West other items                                                                                                                                              (0.5)       (5.1)
                              Gain on partial sales of investment
                              in associates                                                                                                                                                          –        26.1
                              Net earnings available to
                              common shareholders                                                                                                                                          $     283.8 $     322.4
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




                                - Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                              • Advisory and business development expenses –
                                  includes fees received from the Wealth                                                   expenses incurred on activities directly associated
                                  Management segment. Wealth Management is                                                 with providing financial planning services to
                                  considered a client of the Asset Management                                              clients of the Wealth Management segment and




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  segment and transfer pricing is based on values for                                      wholesale distribution activities performed by the
                                  similar sized asset management mandates.                                                 Asset Management segment. Expenses include
                              • Dealer compensation – asset-based and sales-                                               compensation, recognition and other support
                                based compensation paid to dealers by the Asset                                            provided to our advisors, field management, product
                                Management segment.                                                                        & planning specialists; expenses associated with
                              • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the                                          facilities, technology and training relating to our
                                Company’s proportionate share of earnings from                                             advisors and specialists; other business development
                                equity investments including Great West, ChinaAMC,                                         activities including direct marketing and advertising.
                                Northleaf and Rockefeller.                                                                 A significant component of these expenses varies
                                                                                                                           directly with levels of assets under management


                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                           11
                                     C  8                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
  or advisement, business development measures                                                   earnings is reflected in Other, which also includes, but
  including sales and client acquisition, and the number                                         is not limited to, the effect of lower effective income
  of advisor and client relationships.                                                           tax rates on foreign operations.
• Operations and support expenses – expenses                                                     Other items, as reflected in Tables 2 and 3, include the
  associated with business operations, including                                                 after-tax impact of any item that management considers
  technology and business processes; in-house                                                    to be of a non-recurring nature or that could make the
  investment management and product shelf                                                        period-over-period comparison of results from operations
  management; corporate management and                                                           less meaningful and are not allocated to segments.
  support functions. These expenses primarily reflect
                                                                                                 Other items for the three months ended March 31, 2026
  compensation, technology and other service
                                                                                                 and March 31, 2025 consisted of Great West other items
  provider expenses.
                                                                                                 of ($0.5) million and ($4.0) million, respectively.
• Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to
  investment management services that are typically                                              Other items for the three months ended December 31,
  variable with the level of assets under management,                                            2025 consisted of Great West other items of ($5.1) million
  and in certain circumstances, the performance                                                  and a gain on partial sales of investment in associates
  of the investment advisors. These fees include                                                 of $26.1 million net of tax and one-time costs.
  investment advisory services performed for
  the Wealth Management segment by the Asset                                                     Total AUM&A
  Management segment.                                                                            IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $568.9 billion
Interest expense represents interest expense on                                                  as at March 31, 2026 compared to $503.6 billion at
long-term debt and leases. Debt and related interest                                             March 31, 2025, as detailed in Table 5.
expense is allocated to each segment based on                                                    AUM&A were $314.0 billion at March 31, 2026 compared
management’s assessment of: i) capacity to service                                               to $275.0 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase of
the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.                                              14.2%, as detailed in Table 5. AUM&A excluding
Income taxes are reported in each segment.                                                       non-fee-bearing assets of $2.6 billion were $311.4 billion
IGM Financial consolidated changes in the effective                                              at March 31, 2026 compared to $275.0 billion at March 31,
tax rates are detailed in Table 4.                                                               2025, an increase of 13.2%. AUM were $291.9 billion at
                                                                                                 March 31, 2026 compared to $258.1 billion at March 31,
Tax planning may result in the Company recording
                                                                                                 2025, an increase of 13.1%.
lower levels of income taxes. Management monitors the
status of its income tax filings and regularly assesses the                                      AUM&A net inflows in the first quarter of 2026 were
overall adequacy of its provision for income taxes and,                                          $5.6 billion compared to net inflows of $4.2 billion in the
as a result, income taxes recorded in prior years may be                                         first quarter of 2025, as detailed in Table 5. Net inflows
adjusted in the current year. The effect of changes in                                           of $5.6 billion included $3.1 billion of non-fee-bearing
management’s best estimates reported in adjusted net                                             assets. First quarter investment fund net sales were




Table 4: Effective Income Tax Rate




                                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                         Three months ended
                                                                                                                               2026        2025       2025
                                                                                                                             Mar. 31     Dec. 31     Mar. 31
Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial statutory rates                                                                26.61 %     26.59 %    26.62 %
 Effect of:
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings(1)                                                                               (4.10)      (4.18)      (4.19)
  Other                                                                                                                        (0.17)       0.30        0.04
 Other items:
  Great West other items                                                                                                        0.03        0.31        0.35
  Gain on partial sales of investment in associates                                                                                –        1.54           –
Effective income tax rate – net earnings available to common shareholders                                                      22.37 %     24.56 %    22.82 %
(1) Includes proportionate share of Great West’s base earnings.


12    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                           C  9
                              $2.4 billion compared to net sales of $859 million in 2025.                                an increase of 31.5% (CAD 27.3%). IGM Financial holds
                              Net flows and net sales are based on AUM&A excluding                                       a 17.2% interest in Rockefeller, compared to 20.5% at
                              sub-advisory assets to Canada Life and to the Wealth                                       March 31, 2025.
                              Management segment.                                                                        At March 31, 2026, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $124.8 billion,
                              The Company also benefits from the underlying assets                                       compared to $73.0 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase
                              under management of the Company’s investments in                                           of 71.1%. IGM Financial holds a 25.4% interest in
                              associates, including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller                                     Wealthsimple, compared to 27.2% at March 31, 2025.
                              and its investment in Wealthsimple which is classified as                                  Changes in AUM&A for the Wealth Management and
                              FVTOCI. The Company has included its proportionate                                         Asset Management segments are discussed further in
                              share of the AUM&A of these investments in its AUM&A                                       each of their respective Review of the Business sections
                              Including SI based on its direct and indirect interest in                                  in the MD&A.
                              these companies.
                              At March 31, 2026, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥                                                 Summary of Quarterly Results
                              2,813.6 billion ($568.1 billion), compared to RMB¥
                                                                                                                         The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 6 includes
                              2,669.8 billion ($529.1 billion) at March 31, 2025, an
                                                                                                                         the eight most recent quarters and the reconciliation
                              increase of 5.4% (CAD 7.4%). IGM Financial holds a 27.8%
                                                                                                                         of non-IFRS financial measures to net earnings in
                              interest in ChinaAMC.
                                                                                                                         accordance with IFRS.
                              At March 31, 2026, Northleaf’s AUM was $36.0 billion,
                                                                                                                         Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent
                              compared to $32.7 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase
                                                                                                                         quarters, as shown in Table 6, largely reflect the impact
                              of 10.1%. IGM Financial holds a 56% economic interest
                                                                                                                         of changes in domestic and foreign markets and net sales
                              in Northleaf.
                                                                                                                         of the Company.
                              At March 31, 2026, Rockefeller’s client assets were
                              USD $203.1 billion ($282.7 billion), compared to
                              USD $154.4 billion ($222.1 billion) at March 31, 2025,




                              Table 5: AUM&A
                                                                                                  Wealth                             Asset                        Intercompany
                                                                                             Management(1)                     Management(2)                        Eliminations                 Consolidated
                                                                                          2026          2025               2026            2025                 2026          2025             2026       2025
                              ($ millions)                                              Mar. 31        Mar. 31           Mar. 31          Mar. 31             Mar. 31        Mar. 31         Mar. 31     Mar. 31
                              Three months ended
                              Gross flows
                               Mutual fund gross sales(3)                             $ 6,163 $           4,907        $ 4,063 $             2,637        $          – $                –   $ 10,226 $    7,544
                               Dealer gross inflows(4)                                  8,248             4,166              –                   –                   –                  –      8,248      4,166
                              Net flows
                               Mutual fund net sales(3)                                   1,656              944              (256)            (700)                 –                  –     1,400         244
                               ETF net creations                                              –                –               985              615                  –                  –       985         615




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Investment fund net sales(5)                               1,656              944               729             (85)                  –                  –      2,385        859
                               Institutional SMA net sales(6)                                 –                –               934           3,526                   –                  –        934      3,526
                               IGM product net sales                                      1,656              944            1,663             3,441                  –                  –     3,319       4,385
                               Other dealer net flows                                     2,300             (226)               –                –                   –                  –     2,300        (226)
                               Total net flows(4)                                          3,956             718            1,663             3,441                  –                  –      5,619      4,159

                              (1) Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie Sub-advisory and
                                  AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
                              (3) Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
                              (4) In the first quarter of 2026, Wealth Management and Consolidated dealer gross inflows and total net flows included $3.1 billion of non-fee-bearing assets.
                              (5) In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
                                  redemptions of $144 million.
                              (6) In the first quarter of 2026 and 2025, Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.2 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively.


                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                        13
                                     C  10                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 5: AUM&A (continued)

                                                                           Wealth                             Asset               Intercompany
                                                                      Management                        Management                  Eliminations(1)        Consolidated
                                                                 2026           2025               2026            2025          2026      2025          2026     2025
($ millions)                                                   Mar. 31         Mar. 31           Mar. 31          Mar. 31      Mar. 31    Mar. 31      Mar. 31   Mar. 31

AUM&A
 IG Wealth Management
  AUM(2)                                                     $ 140,520 $ 124,645
  Other AUA                                                     22,128    16,884
   AUA                                                         162,648         141,529
  AUA excl. non-fee-bearing assets                            160,048          141,529
 Mackenzie Investments
  Mutual funds                                                                                 $ 64,812 $ 60,885
  ETFs(3)                                                                                        13,361    7,874
   Investment funds                                                                                78,173          68,759

   Institutional SMA                                                                              15,456           11,787
   Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                    57,720           52,951
   Total Institutional SMA                                                                         73,176          64,738

   Third Party AUM                                                                               151,349         133,497
   Sub-advisory and AUM
   to Wealth Management                                                                           94,604           85,136
   Total AUM                                                                                     245,953          218,633
 Consolidated
  AUM                                                        $140,520 $124,645                 $ 245,953 $ 218,633            $ (94,604) $ (85,136)   $291,869 $258,142
  AUM&A                                                       162,648 141,529                    245,953 218,633                 (94,604) (85,136)     313,997 275,026
  AUM&A excl. non-fee-bearing assets                          160,048 141,529                    245,953 218,633                (94,604) (85,136)      311,397 275,026
 Strategic investments(4)
  ChinaAMC                                                                                        157,928         147,077
  Northleaf                                                                                       20,176           18,339
  Rockefeller                                                   48,645           45,425
  Wealthsimple                                                  31,714           19,851
  Intra-segment eliminations                                      (475)              (8)              (498)           (398)
                                                                79,884           65,268          177,606         165,018        (2,622)     (1,711)    254,868   228,575
 Consolidated AUM&A Including SI                             $ 242,532 $206,797                $ 423,559 $ 383,651            $ (97,226) $ (86,847)   $568,865 $ 503,601
(1) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
(2) Wealth Management AUM includes separately managed accounts.
(3) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $26.2 billion at March 31, 2026 (2025 – $17.0 billion).
(4) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2025 – 27.8%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2025 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 17.2% (2025 – 20.5%)
    of Rockefeller’s client assets, and 25.4% (2025 – 27.2%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.




                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




14 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                    C  11
                              Table 6: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                                              2026           2025          2025           2025           2025           2024        2024        2024
                                                                                                               Q1             Q4            Q3             Q2             Q1             Q4          Q3          Q2
                              Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                       $      729.7 $       731.7 $        696.8 $       649.4 $        639.5 $         647.5 $    616.0 $     590.0

                               Asset management                                                               275.5         278.7          270.7         253.8          257.9           261.6      253.4       245.8
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                     (87.1)        (88.3)         (86.2)        (82.3)         (85.1)          (85.2)     (82.8)      (81.1)
                               Net asset management                                                          188.4          190.4          184.5         171.5          172.8           176.4      170.6       164.7

                               Net investment income and other                                                 10.4            9.5          13.3           11.7            7.8           17.3        10.1        10.0
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                     69.9           76.2          80.3           66.1           59.8           53.1        61.4        55.7
                                                                                                             998.4        1,007.8          974.9         898.7          879.9           894.3      858.1       820.4
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                              338.5         337.3          309.1         304.8          301.3           298.3      278.3       278.5
                               Operations and support                                                         231.7         220.1          219.6         212.3          214.4           215.2      210.2       204.8
                               Sub-advisory                                                                    28.1          27.1           25.3          23.2           23.1            22.5       21.2        20.2
                               Interest(1)                                                                     32.1          32.6           32.4          32.2           32.0            32.5       32.4        32.2
                                                                                                             630.4          617.1          586.4         572.5          570.8           568.5      542.1       535.7
                              Earnings before undernoted                                                     368.0          390.7          388.5         326.2          309.1           325.8      316.0       284.7
                              Great West other items                                                          (0.5)           (5.1)          (3.1)         (6.0)          (4.0)             –        (4.9)       (0.9)
                              Gain on partial sales of investment in associates                                    –          44.6              –             –              –              –          –            –
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                         –             –              –              –             –              –          –         (3.3)
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                    367.5         430.2          385.4         320.2          305.1           325.8      311.1       280.5
                              Income taxes                                                                     82.2         105.7           87.0          71.6           69.6            70.4       71.2        63.2
                              Net earnings                                                                    285.3         324.5          298.4         248.6          235.5           255.4      239.9       217.3
                              Non-controlling interest                                                          1.5           2.1            0.3           1.9            1.7             0.7        0.7         1.1
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                            $      283.8 $       322.4 $        298.1 $       246.7 $        233.8 $         254.7 $    239.2 $     216.2
                              Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                $     284.3 $        301.4 $        301.2 $       252.7 $        237.8 $         250.0 $    244.1 $     220.4
                              Other items:
                               Great West other items                                                           (0.5)          (5.1)         (3.1)          (6.0)         (4.0)             –        (4.9)       (0.9)
                               Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                       –          26.1              –              –             –              –           –           –
                               Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                        –              –             –              –             –              –           –        (3.3)
                               Tax loss consolidation                                                              –              –             –              –             –            4.7           –           –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                            $      283.8 $       322.4 $        298.1 $       246.7 $        233.8 $         254.7 $    239.2 $     216.2
                              Earnings per share ($)
                              Adjusted earnings per share(2)
                               – Basic                                                                 $       1.21 $         1.28 $        1.28 $         1.07 $         1.00 $         1.05 $      1.03 $      0.93
                               – Diluted                                                                       1.21           1.27          1.27           1.07           1.00           1.05        1.03        0.93
                              Earnings per share
                               – Basic                                                                         1.21           1.37          1.26           1.04           0.99           1.07        1.01        0.91
                               – Diluted                                                                       1.20           1.36          1.26           1.04           0.98           1.07        1.01        0.91
                              Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                             235,809       237,550        237,169        237,236       238,233        238,304       236,931     237,397
                              Average AUM&A ($ billions)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Investment fund AUM                                                     $     221.3 $        217.0 $        206.1 $       192.8 $        195.1 $         192.0 $    183.8 $     178.0
                               AUM                                                                           294.9          289.2          274.2         257.2          257.7           253.3      243.4       236.3
                               AUM&A                                                                         316.9          307.5          291.7         273.8          274.7           269.3      258.6       250.9
                               AUM&A excl. non-fee-bearing assets                                            314.8          307.5          291.7         273.8          274.7           269.3      258.6       250.9
                              Ending AUM&A ($ billions)
                               Investment fund AUM                                                     $     218.7 $        216.9 $        213.7 $       200.7 $        193.4 $         191.9 $    188.6 $     179.4
                               AUM                                                                           291.9          289.9          284.7         266.8          258.1           253.1      249.3       237.4
                               AUM&A                                                                         314.0          310.1          302.6         283.9          275.0           270.4      264.9       252.4
                               AUM&A excl. non-fee-bearing assets                                            311.4          310.1          302.6         283.9          275.0           270.4      264.9       252.4
                              Ending AUM&A Including SI ($ billions)                                   $      568.9 $       566.2 $        562.4 $       521.1 $        503.6 $         483.5 $    461.6 $     431.7

                              (1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
                              (2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                           15
                                     C  12                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Wealth Management
Segment results are presented on the same basis as the
fourth quarter of 2025 and should be read in conjunction
with the MD&A included in the 2025 Annual Report.




Review of the Business
The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                                          The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth
Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller                                       Management entrepreneurial advisor network into its
and Wealthsimple.                                                                         significant components at March 31, 2026:
                                                                                          • 1,554 advisor practices (1,631 at March 31, 2025),
IG Wealth Management                                                                         which reflect advisors with more than four years of
                                                                                             experience. These practices may include associates as
IG Wealth Management is a leading wealth management
                                                                                             described below. The level and productivity of advisor
company in Canada providing clients with personalized
                                                                                             practices is a key measurement of our business as they
advice, comprehensive financial planning, insurance
                                                                                             serve clientele representing approximately 93% of AUA.
and mortgage services, and professionally managed
investment solutions.                                                                     • 216 new advisors (212 at March 31, 2025), which are
                                                                                             those advisors with less than four years of experience.
IG Wealth Management has a national distribution
                                                                                          • 1,375 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,307 at
network of independent financial planners totalling more
                                                                                             March 31, 2025). Associates are licensed team
than 3,000 advisors in communities throughout Canada
                                                                                             members of advisor practices who provide financial
and provides advice through two primary channels:
                                                                                             planning services and advice to the clientele served
• IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are
                                                                                             by the team.
  focused on households with more complex needs by
                                                                                          • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network
  focusing on households with greater than $250,000
                                                                                             of 3,145 (3,150 at March 31, 2025).
  of assets.
• IG Wealth Management corporate channel advisors                                         IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as
  are focused on servicing households with less complex                                   a key performance measure in evaluating its advisor
  requirements with assets up to $250,000.                                                network. The productivity is measured based on gross
                                                                                          inflows per advisor and is monitored for both advisor
AUA consists of the following:
                                                                                          recruits with less than four years experience and advisor
• Clients with household assets greater than $1 million                                   practices with greater than four years experience.
  (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled                                            Experienced recruits are included within the greater than
  $81.0 billion at March 31, 2026, an increase of 28.1%                                   four years experience category.
  from one year ago, and represented 50% of total AUA.
                                                                                          • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $1.0 million per




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
• Clients with household assets between $250,000 and                                        advisor, compared to $0.8 million in the comparative
  $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled                                    period of 2025.
  $59.1 billion at March 31, 2026, an increase of 6.4%
                                                                                          • The advisor practices gross inflows were $2.9 million
  from one year ago, and represented 36% of total AUA.
                                                                                            per practice, compared to $2.3 million in the
• Clients with household assets less than $250,000                                          comparative period of 2025.
  (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $22.5 billion
                                                                                          IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from
  at March 31, 2026, a decrease of 0.8% from one year
  ago, and represented 14% of total AUA.                                                  competition by offering comprehensive financial
                                                                                          planning solutions to our clients that synchronize every
                                                                                          aspect of their financial life. IG Wealth Management
                                                                                          services clients located in communities throughout


16 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                       C  13
                              Canada. A primary focus is on advising and attracting                                          Wealth Management AUA including strategic
                              high net worth and mass affluent clients.                                                      investments were $242.5 billion at March 31, 2026,
                              For the distinct needs of the high net worth market,                                           compared to $206.8 billion at March 31, 2025. Strategic
                              IG Private Wealth Management focuses on industry wealth                                        investments AUA is based on the Company’s interest in
                              drivers including tax planning and optimization, retirement                                    these companies.
                              readiness, wealth transfer and estate planning, small and                                      IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $162.6 billion at
                              medium enterprise monetization, high net worth financial                                       March 31, 2026, an increase of 14.9% from March 31,
                              literacy and philanthropy and legacy planning.                                                 2025. IG Wealth Management’s AUA excluding
                              IG Wealth Management has a full range of products                                              non-fee-bearing assets of $2.6 billion were $160.0 billion
                              tailored to personalized plans that include:                                                   at March 31, 2026, an increase of 13.1% from March 31,
                                                                                                                             2025. The level of AUA is influenced by three factors:
                              • Powerful financial solutions that include investment
                                                                                                                             client inflows, client outflows and investment returns.
                                vehicles, focusing on managed solutions, that match
                                                                                                                             AUA represents savings and investment products,
                                risk and investment performance to each client’s needs
                                                                                                                             including AUM where we provide investment
                                and requirements.
                                                                                                                             management services, that are held within our clients’
                              • Insurance products that include a variety of policy                                          accounts. Advisory fees are charged based on an
                                types from the leading insurers in Canada.                                                   annual percentage of substantially all AUA, through the
                              • Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part                                          IG Advisory Account fee, and represent the majority of
                                of a comprehensive financial plan.                                                           the fees earned from our clients. Our entrepreneurial
                                                                                                                             advisors’ compensation is also based on AUA and net
                              Wealth Management AUM and AUA                                                                  assets contributed by our clients.
                              AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the                                             At March 31, 2026, Rockefeller’s client assets were
                              Wealth Management segment and are detailed in                                                  USD $203.1 billion ($282.7 billion), compared to
                              Tables 7 and 8.                                                                                USD $154.4 billion ($222.1 billion) at March 31, 2025,
                                                                                                                             an increase of 31.5% (CAD 27.3%). IGM Financial holds


                              Table 7: Change in AUA – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                        2026              2025              2025              2025       2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                             Mar. 31          Dec. 31            Mar. 31          Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
                               Gross client inflows(1)                                                                            $       8,248 $           4,769 $           4,166            73.0 %      98.0 %
                               Gross client outflows                                                                                      4,292             4,075             3,448             5.3        24.5
                               Net flows(1)                                                                                               3,956               694                718          N/M         N/M
                               Investment returns                                                                                          (249)            2,363                391          N/M         N/M
                               Net change in assets                                                                                       3,707             3,057             1,109            21.3       N/M
                               Beginning assets                                                                                       158,941           155,884           140,420               2.0        13.2
                               Ending AUA                                                                                         $ 162,648 $ 158,941 $ 141,529                                 2.3 %      14.9 %




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Ending AUA excl. non-fee-bearing assets                                                              160,048   158,941   141,529                                 0.7        13.1
                              Strategic investments ending AUA
                               Rockefeller                                                                                        $ 48,645 $              46,687 $          45,425             4.2 %       7.1 %
                               Wealthsimple                                                                                         31,714                28,389            19,851            11.7        59.8
                               Intra-segment eliminations                                                                             (475)                   (8)               (8)           N/M         N/M
                                                                                                                                  $     79,884 $          75,068 $          65,268              6.4 %      22.4 %
                              Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments                                             $ 242,532 $ 234,009 $ 206,797                                 3.6 %      17.3 %
                              Daily average AUA
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                               $ 163,803 $ 157,788 $ 142,499                                 3.8 %      15.0 %
                               IG Wealth Management excl. non-fee-bearing assets                                                    161,738   157,788   142,499                                 2.5        13.5
                              (1) In the first quarter of 2026, gross client inflows and net flows included $3.1 billion of non-fee-bearing assets.


                                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                      17
                                     C  14                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 8: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                          Change
Three months ended                                                                                    2026                2025       2025       2025       2025
($ millions)                                                                                         Mar. 31            Dec. 31     Mar. 31   Dec. 31     Mar. 31
Sales                                                                                            $      6,163 $           4,514 $     4,907      36.5 %      25.6 %
Redemptions                                                                                             4,507             4,167       3,963       8.2        13.7
Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                 1,656              347         944      N/M           75.4
Investment returns                                                                                        116              423         501      (72.6)       (76.8)
Net change in assets                                                                                   1,772                770       1,445     130.1        22.6
Beginning assets                                                                                     138,748            137,978     123,200       0.6        12.6
Ending assets                                                                                    $ 140,520 $ 138,748 $ 124,645                    1.3 %      12.7 %
Daily average AUM                                                                                $ 141,753 $ 139,463 $ 125,457                    1.6 %      13.0 %




a 17.2% interest in Rockefeller, compared to 20.5% at                                       For the quarter ended March 31, 2026, sales of IG Wealth
March 31, 2025.                                                                             Management mutual funds through its advisor network
At March 31, 2026, Wealthsimple’s AUA was $124.8 billion,                                   were $6.2 billion, an increase of 25.6% from the
compared to $73.0 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase                                    comparable period in 2025. Mutual fund redemptions
of 71.1%. IGM Financial holds a 25.4% interest in                                           totalled $4.5 billion, an increase of 13.7% from 2025.
Wealthsimple at March 31, 2026, compared to 27.2%                                           IG Wealth Management mutual fund net sales for the
at March 31, 2025.                                                                          first quarter of 2026 were $1.7 billion, compared to net
                                                                                            sales of $944 million in 2025. During the first quarter,
IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA                                                            investment returns resulted in an increase of $116 million
                                                                                            in mutual fund assets, compared to an increase of
Change in AUM & AUA – Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025
                                                                                            $501 million in the first quarter of 2025.
IG Wealth Management’s AUA of $162.6 billion at
March 31, 2026, a record quarter end high, increased                                        IG Wealth Management was recognized for outstanding
14.9% from $141.5 billion at March 31, 2025. IG Wealth                                      performance with 12 FundGrade A+† awards. The
Management’s AUA excluding non-fee-bearing assets                                           awards are presented annually to Canadian investments
of $2.6 billion were $160.0 billion at March 31, 2026,                                      funds that achieve consistently high FundGrade scores
an increase of 13.1% from March 31, 2025. IG Wealth                                         throughout the previous calendar year.
Management’s mutual fund AUM were $140.5 billion at                                         At March 31, 2026, 96.1% of IG Wealth Management
March 31, 2026, representing an increase of 12.7% from                                      mutual fund assets had a rating of three stars or better
$124.6 billion at March 31, 2025. Average daily mutual                                      from Morningstar† fund ranking service and 66.6%
fund assets were $141.8 billion in the first quarter of 2026,                               had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to the
up 13.0% from $125.5 billion in the first quarter of 2025.                                  Morningstar† universe of 87.1% for three stars or better
For the quarter ended March 31, 2026, gross client                                          and 58.2% for four and five star funds at March 31,
inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were a                                                  2026. Morningstar Ratings† are an objective, quantitative
record high of $8.2 billion, an increase of 98.0% from                                      measure of a fund’s three, five and ten year risk-adjusted




                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
$4.2 billion in 2025. For the quarter ended March 31,                                       performance relative to comparable funds.
2026, gross inflows from newly acquired clients with                                        IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly
more than $1.0 million of assets accounted for 79.7% of                                     redemption rate for long-term funds was 12.2% in the
all newly acquired client inflows. Net client inflows were                                  first quarter of 2026, unchanged from the first quarter
$4.0 billion, compared to net client inflows of $718 million                                of 2025. IG Wealth Management’s twelve month trailing
in the comparable period in 2025. During the first                                          redemption rate for long-term funds was 10.7% at
quarter, investment returns resulted in a decrease                                          March 31, 2026, compared to 12.1% at March 31, 2025.
of $249 million in AUA, compared to an increase of                                          The corresponding average twelve month trailing
$391 million in the first quarter of 2025. Gross client                                     redemption rate for all other members of the Securities
inflows and net client inflows for the first quarter of                                     and Investment Management Association (SIMA), was
2026 included $3.1 billion of non-fee-bearing assets.

18   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     C  15
                              approximately 15.5% at March 31, 2026 , based on                           inflows of $694 million in the prior quarter. During the
                              SIMA-reported industry data.                                               first quarter, investment returns resulted in a decrease
                                                                                                         of $249 million in AUA, compared to an increase of
                              Change in AUM & AUA – Q1 2026 vs. Q4 2025
                                                                                                         $2.4 billion in the prior quarter. Gross client inflows and
                              IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $162.6 billion at                          net client inflows for the first quarter of 2026 included
                              March 31, 2026, an increase of 2.3% from $158.9 billion                    $3.1 billion of non-fee-bearing assets.
                              at December 31, 2025. IG Wealth Management’s AUA
                              excluding non-fee-bearing assets of $2.6 billion were                      For the quarter ended March 31, 2026, sales of IG Wealth
                              $160.0 billion at March 31, 2026, an increase of 0.7%                      Management mutual funds through its advisor network
                              from December 31, 2025. IG Wealth Management’s                             were $6.2 billion, an increase of 36.5% from the fourth
                              mutual fund AUM were $140.5 billion at March 31, 2026,                     quarter of 2025. Mutual fund redemptions totalled
                              an increase of 1.3% from $138.7 billion at December 31,                    $4.5 billion for the first quarter, an increase of 8.2%
                              2025. Average daily mutual fund assets were $141.8 billion                 from the previous quarter, and the annualized quarterly
                              in the first quarter of 2026, compared to $139.5 billion in                redemption rate was 12.2% in the first quarter, compared
                              the fourth quarter of 2025, an increase of 1.6%.                           to 11.3% in the fourth quarter of 2025. IG Wealth
                                                                                                         Management mutual fund net sales were $1.7 billion for
                              For the quarter ended March 31, 2026, gross client                         the current quarter, compared to net sales of $347 million
                              inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were $8.2 billion,                     in the previous quarter.
                              compared to $4.8 billion in the prior quarter. Net
                              client inflows were $4.0 billion, compared to net client




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                19
                                   C  16                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net                                                    from the first quarter in 2025 and a decrease of 4.6%
earnings are presented in Table 9 and include the                                               from the prior quarter.
operations of IG Wealth Management and earnings
related to strategic investments.                                                               Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025
                                                                                                Fee Income
IG Wealth Management                                                                            Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice
IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are                                                to clients including fees related to the distribution of
presented within Table 10. Adjusted net earnings for the                                        products and net client interest income which depend
first quarter of 2026 were $158.9 million, an increase of                                       largely on the level and composition of AUA. Advisory
23.8% from the first quarter in 2025 and a decrease of                                          fees were $385.2 million in the first quarter of 2026, an
4.8% from the prior quarter.                                                                    increase of $43.1 million or 12.6% from $342.1 million
                                                                                                in 2025.
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the first
quarter of 2026 were $242.1 million, an increase of 20.6%                                       The increase in advisory fees in the three months ending
                                                                                                March 31, 2026 was primarily due to an increase in



Table 9: Operating Results – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                              Change
Three months ended                                                                                        2026                2025       2025       2025       2025
($ millions)                                                                                             Mar. 31            Dec. 31     Mar. 31   Dec. 31     Mar. 31
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                      $      385.2 $           383.2 $    342.1        0.5 %      12.6 %
  Product and program fees                                                                                  297.9             300.0      263.9       (0.7)       12.9
                                                                                                            683.1             683.2      606.0          –        12.7
   Other financial planning revenues                                                                         51.6              53.0       36.8       (2.6)       40.2
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                    734.7             736.2      642.8       (0.2)       14.3
 Net investment income and other                                                                               2.9              1.7        2.1      70.6         38.1
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                 (2.5)             12.2       (3.7)     N/M          32.4
                                                                                                            735.1             750.1      641.2       (2.0)       14.6
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                  208.8             203.1      184.0        2.8        13.5
  Sales-based compensation                                                                                   30.7              29.8       27.7        3.0        10.8
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                                  27.7             28.6        20.3      (3.1)       36.5
   Business development                                                                                       44.3             45.6        43.1      (2.9)        2.8




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                              72.0             74.2        63.4      (3.0)       13.6
 Total advisory and business development                                                                    311.5             307.1      275.1        1.4        13.2
 Operations and support                                                                                     126.2             119.9      117.9        5.3         7.0
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                58.1              57.4       51.5        1.2        12.8
                                                                                                            495.8             484.4      444.5        2.4        11.5
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                               239.3            265.7      196.7       (9.9)       21.7
Interest expense                                                                                              25.7             26.0       25.5       (1.2)        0.8
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                    213.6             239.7      171.2      (10.9)       24.8
Income taxes                                                                                                 57.5              62.0       46.9        (7.3)      22.6
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                             $      156.1 $           177.7 $    124.3      (12.2)%      25.6 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


20 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     C  17
                              Table 10: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                   2026              2025              2025              2025       2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                        Mar. 31          Dec. 31            Mar. 31          Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                                $       385.2 $           383.2 $           342.1             0.5 %      12.6 %
                                Product and program fees                                                                             297.9             300.0             263.9            (0.7)       12.9
                                                                                                                                     683.1             683.2             606.0               –        12.7
                                Other financial planning revenues                                                                     51.6              53.0              36.8            (2.6)       40.2
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                               734.7             736.2             642.8            (0.2)       14.3
                               Net investment income and other                                                                         2.9               1.7               2.1            70.6        38.1
                                                                                                                                     737.6             737.9             644.9               –        14.4
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                             208.8             203.1             184.0             2.8        13.5
                                Sales-based compensation                                                                              30.7              29.8              27.7             3.0        10.8
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                                            27.7               28.6              20.3           (3.1)       36.5
                                 Business development                                                                                 44.3               45.6              43.1           (2.9)        2.8
                                                                                                                                       72.0              74.2              63.4           (3.0)       13.6
                               Total advisory and business development                                                               311.5             307.1             275.1             1.4        13.2
                               Operations and support                                                                                125.9             119.6             117.6             5.3         7.1
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                           58.1              57.4              51.5             1.2        12.8
                                                                                                                                     495.5             484.1             444.2             2.4        11.5
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                         242.1             253.8             200.7            (4.6)       20.6
                              Interest expense                                                                                        25.7              26.0              25.5            (1.2)        0.8
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                               216.4             227.8             175.2            (5.0)       23.5
                              Income taxes                                                                                            57.5              60.9              46.8            (5.6)       22.9
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                       $       158.9 $           166.9 $           128.4            (4.8)%      23.8 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              average AUA excluding non-fee-bearing assets of 13.5%,                                    $36.8 million in 2025. The change for the first quarter was
                              as shown in Table 7, partially offset by a decrease in                                    primarily due to higher earnings from mortgage banking
                              the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate for                                  operations and higher revenues from the distribution of
                              the first quarter was 96.6 basis points of average AUA                                    insurance products.
                              excluding non-fee-bearing assets, compared to 97.4                                        A summary of mortgage banking operations for the
                              basis points in 2025. Average fee rates will fluctuate                                    periods under review is presented in Table 11.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              based on product mix and client AUA levels.
                                                                                                                        Net Investment Income and Other
                              Product and program fees depend largely on the
                              level and composition of mutual fund AUM. Product                                         Net investment income and other consists of unrealized
                              and program fees totalled $297.9 million in the current                                   gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds,
                              quarter, up 12.9% from $263.9 million a year ago primarily                                investment income earned on our cash and cash
                              due to the increase in average AUM of 13.0%, as shown                                     equivalents and securities, and other income not
                              in Table 8. The average product and program fee rate for                                  related to our core business. It also includes a charge
                              the first quarter was 85.2 basis points of AUM compared                                   from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of
                              to 85.3 basis points in 2025.                                                             unallocated capital.

                              Other financial planning revenues of $51.6 million for
                              the first quarter of 2026 increased by $14.8 million from

                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     21
                                     C  18                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 11: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                Change
Three months ended                                                                                         2026                2025       2025        2025       2025
($ millions)                                                                                              Mar. 31            Dec. 31     Mar. 31    Dec. 31     Mar. 31
Total mortgage banking income
 Net interest income on securitized loans
  Interest income                                                                                     $        48.0 $           49.2 $      49.1       (2.4)%       (2.2)%
  Interest expense                                                                                             44.3             44.7        47.1       (0.9)        (5.9)
  Net interest income                                                                                            3.7             4.5         2.0      (17.8)       85.0
 Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                      1.6             1.4         1.2       14.3        33.3
 Fair value adjustments                                                                                          0.7            (0.4)       (0.8)     N/M          N/M
 Other                                                                                                           3.4             4.3         3.1      (20.9)        9.7
                                                                                                      $          9.4 $           9.8 $       5.5       (4.1)%      70.9 %
Average mortgages serviced
 Securitizations                                                                                      $      4,714 $           4,789 $    5,021        (1.6)%      (6.1)%
 Other                                                                                                       2,070             2,064      1,787         0.3        15.8
                                                                                                      $      6,784 $           6,853 $    6,808        (1.0)%       (0.4)%
Mortgage sales to:     (2)

 Securitizations                                                                                      $         400 $           372 $       313         7.5 %      27.8 %
 Other(1)                                                                                                       214             161         139        32.9        54.0
                                                                                                      $         614 $           533 $       452        15.2 %      35.8 %
(1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized
    on those sales.
(2) Represents principal amounts sold.




Expenses                                                                                         primarily from higher volume from the distribution of
Asset-based compensation includes compensation                                                   insurance products.
paid to both the entrepreneurial advisor and the                                                 Operations and support includes costs that support
corporate channels. The entrepreneurial advisor channel                                          our wealth management and other general and
compensation fluctuates primarily with the value of                                              administrative functions such as product management,
AUA and product mix while the corporate channel                                                  technology and operations, as well as other functional
fluctuates largely based on the number of clients within                                         business units and corporate expenses. Operations and
the channel. Asset-based compensation increased by                                               support expenses were $125.9 million for the first quarter
$24.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2026                                          of 2026, compared to $117.6 million in 2025, an increase
to $208.8 million compared to 2025, primarily due to                                             of $8.3 million due to seasonality and other timing
increases in AUA.                                                                                related expenses.
IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is                                                 Sub-advisory expenses were $58.1 million for the first
based upon the level of net new assets contributed to                                            quarter of 2026, compared to $51.5 million in 2025,




                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
client accounts at IG Wealth Management (subject to                                              an increase of $6.6 million or 12.8%, primarily due to
eligibility requirements). All sales-based compensation                                          changes in AUM.
payments are capitalized and amortized as they reflect
incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based                                       Interest Expense
compensation was $30.7 million for the first quarter of                                          Interest expense, which includes allocated interest
2026, an increase of $3.0 million from $27.7 million in 2025.                                    expense on long-term debt and interest expense on
                                                                                                 leases, totalled $25.7 million in the first quarter of 2026,
Other advisory and business development expenses
                                                                                                 compared to $25.5 million from 2025. Long-term debt
were $72.0 million in the first quarter of 2026, compared
                                                                                                 interest expense is calculated based on an allocation
to $63.4 million in 2025, an increase of $8.6 million,
                                                                                                 of IGM Financial’s long-term debt of $1.95 billion to
                                                                                                 IG Wealth Management.


22    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      C  19
                              Q1 2026 vs. Q4 2025                                                                       the first quarter was 85.2 basis points of AUM, compared
                              Fee Income                                                                                to 85.3 basis points in the fourth quarter.
                              Advisory fee income increased by $2.0 million to                                          Other financial planning revenues of $51.6 million in
                              $385.2 million in the first quarter of 2026, compared to                                  the first quarter of 2026 decreased by $1.4 million from
                              the fourth quarter of 2025. The increase in advisory fees                                 $53.0 million in the fourth quarter due to lower revenues
                              in the first quarter was primarily due to an increase in                                  on the distribution of insurance products.
                              average AUA excluding non-fee-bearing assets of 2.5%
                                                                                                                        Expenses
                              for the quarter, as shown in Table 7, and an increase
                              in fee rate, partially offset by two fewer calendar days                                  Advisory and business development expenses in the
                              in the quarter compared to the previous quarter. The                                      current quarter were $311.5 million, an increase of
                              average advisory fee rate for the first quarter was 96.6                                  $4.4 million from $307.1 million in the previous quarter.
                              basis points of average AUA, compared to 96.3 basis                                       The increase is primarily due to increased asset-based
                              points in the fourth quarter. Fee rates are determined                                    compensation as a result of higher AUA.
                              based on client AUA levels and the average rate will                                      Operations and support expenses were $125.9 million
                              fluctuate based on changes in a client’s AUA as well as                                   for the first quarter of 2026, compared to $119.6 million
                              product mix.                                                                              in the previous quarter as a result of timing of
                              Product and program fees were $297.9 million in the                                       certain expenses.
                              first quarter of 2026, a decrease of $2.1 million from
                              $300.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2025. The decrease                                Wealth Management Strategic Investments
                              was primarily due to two fewer calendar days in the                                       Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                              quarter compared to the previous quarter, partially offset                                earnings are presented within Table 12. Adjusted net
                              by the increase in average AUM of 1.6%, as shown in                                       earnings for the first quarter of 2026 were ($2.8) million,
                              Table 8. The average product and program fee rate for                                     compared to ($4.1) million in 2025 and $10.8 million in
                                                                                                                        the fourth quarter of 2025.




                              Table 12: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                   2026              2025              2025              2025      2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                        Mar. 31          Dec. 31            Mar. 31          Dec. 31    Mar. 31




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                Rockefeller                                                                                  $         (1.8) $           12.2 $             (4.3)        N/M %      58.1 %
                                Other                                                                                                  (0.7)                –                0.6         N/M        N/M
                                                                                                                                       (2.5)             12.2               (3.7)        N/M         32.4
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                   0.3                0.3               0.3             –          –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                                       (2.8)             11.9               (4.0)         N/M        30.0
                              Income taxes                                                                                                –               1.1                0.1        (100.0)    (100.0)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                       $         (2.8) $           10.8 $             (4.1)        N/M %       31.7 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    23
                                     C  20                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Asset Management
Segment results are presented on the same basis as the
fourth quarter of 2025 and should be read in conjunction
with the MD&A included in the 2025 Annual Report.




Review of the Business
The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                                           investment solutions designed to help advisors meet the
Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC                                         evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce
and Northleaf.                                                                            new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund
                                                                                          offerings to provide enhanced investment solutions.
Mackenzie Investments                                                                     In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also
Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                                   has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the
solutions provider offering a wide range of investment                                    institutional marketplace.
mandates through a boutique structure across multiple                                     Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie
distribution channels.                                                                    offers certain series of our mutual funds and provides
                                                                                          sub-advisory services to third party and related party
Investment Management                                                                     investment programs offered by banks, insurance
Mackenzie has $246.0 billion in AUM at March 31, 2026,                                    companies and other investment companies. Strategic
including $94.6 billion of sub-advisory mandates to the                                   alliances with related parties include providing advisory
Wealth Management segment.                                                                services to IG Wealth Management and Great West
                                                                                          subsidiaries. Mackenzie partners with Wealthsimple to
Mackenzie delivers its investment offerings through a
                                                                                          distribute ETFs through their product shelf and serves
boutique structure, with separate in-house investment
                                                                                          as one of two exclusive investment solutions providers
teams which each have a distinct focus and investment
                                                                                          to PFSL Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica) by offering a
approach. Our investment team consists of 16 boutiques.
                                                                                          suite of 28 funds designed to address the specific needs
Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf
                                                                                          of Primerica advisors and their clients.
enhances its investment capabilities by offering
global private equity, private credit and infrastructure                                  In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides
investment solutions to our clients.                                                      investment management services to pension plans,
                                                                                          foundations and other institutions.
Mackenzie supplements its investment capabilities
through the use of third party sub-advisors and strategic                                 Mackenzie continually evolves its product shelf, which
beta index providers in selected areas.                                                   includes mutual funds, alternative funds exchange traded
                                                                                          funds (ETF), and a variety of institutional investment vehicles.




                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Distribution and Products                                                                 During the first quarter of 2026, four active ETFs were
Our business focuses on three key distribution channels:                                  launched. These ETFs build on established mutual fund
retail, strategic alliances and institutional.                                            strategies seeking to deliver innovative ETF solutions
                                                                                          that offer durable growth and disciplined value
Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment
                                                                                          opportunities, helping investors construct diversified
products through third party financial advisors. Our
                                                                                          portfolios that balance stability and growth.
sales teams work with many of the more than 30,000
independent financial advisors and their firms across                                     • Mackenzie US All Cap Growth ETF
Canada. Our innovative, comprehensive lineup of                                           • Mackenzie US Value ETF
investment solutions covers all asset classes and parts of                                • Mackenzie Global Value ETF
the globe. We offer a range of relevant products and                                      • Mackenzie GQE Global Balanced ETF


24 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                           C  21
                              Asset Management AUM                                                         of 54.1%, compared to $2.6 billion in 2025. Mutual fund
                                                                                                           redemptions in the current quarter were $4.3 billion,
                              AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset
                                                                                                           an increase of 29.4% from last year. Mutual fund net
                              Management segment.
                                                                                                           redemptions for the three months ended March 31,
                              The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table                             2026 were $256 million, compared to net redemptions
                              13 and the changes in investment fund AUM are                                of $700 million last year. In the three months ended
                              summarized in Table 14. Assets managed for the Wealth                        March 31, 2026, ETF net creations were $985 million,
                              Management segment are included in total AUM.                                compared to $615 million last year. Investment fund net
                              Asset Management AUM including strategic                                     sales in the current quarter were $729 million, compared
                              investments were $423.6 billion at March 31, 2026,                           to net redemptions of $85 million last year. During the
                              compared to $383.7 billion at March 31, 2025. Strategic                      current quarter, investment returns resulted in investment
                              investments AUM is based on the Company’s interest                           fund assets decreasing by $689 million compared to an
                              in these companies.                                                          increase of $151 million last year.
                              At March 31, 2026, Mackenzie’s total AUM were                                Long-term investment performance is a key measure of
                              $246.0 billion, an increase of 12.5% from $218.6 billion                     Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At March 31, 2026, 53.4%
                              last year. Mackenzie’s total third party AUM were                            of Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in the top
                              $151.3 billion, an increase of 13.4% from $133.5 billion last                two performance quartiles for the one year time frame,
                              year. The change in Mackenzie’s AUM is determined by                         51.2% for the three year time frame and 61.0% for the
                              investment returns and net contributions from our clients.                   five year time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its fund
                                                                                                           performance relative to the ratings it receives on its
                              At March 31, 2026, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥
                                                                                                           mutual funds from the Morningstar† fund ranking service.
                              2,813.6 billion ($568.1 billion), compared to RMB¥
                                                                                                           At March 31, 2026, 78.9% of Mackenzie mutual fund
                              2,669.8 billion ($529.1 billion) at March 31, 2025, an
                                                                                                           assets measured by Morningstar† had a rating of three
                              increase of 5.4% (CAD 7.4%). Mackenzie holds a 27.8%
                                                                                                           stars or better and 51.0% had a rating of four or five stars.
                              interest in ChinaAMC.
                                                                                                           This compared to the Morningstar† universe of 87.1%
                              At March 31, 2026, Northleaf’s AUM was $36.0 billion,                        for three stars or better and 58.2% for four and five star
                              compared to $32.7 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase                     funds at March 31, 2026.
                              of 10.1%. Mackenzie holds a 56% economic interest
                                                                                                           During the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor
                              in Northleaf.
                                                                                                           which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product
                                                                                                           offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in
                              Mackenzie Investments AUM
                                                                                                           redemptions of $144 million. Excluding this transaction,
                              Change in AUM – Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025                                          mutual fund redemptions increased 35.2% in the three
                              Mackenzie’s total AUM at March 31, 2026 of $246.0 billion,                   months ended March 31, 2026 compared to last year
                              a record quarter end high, increased 12.5% from                              and mutual fund net redemptions were $256 million
                              $218.6 billion at March 31, 2025. Third party AUM were                       compared to net redemptions of $556 million last year.
                              $151.3 billion, an increase of 13.4% from $133.5 billion
                                                                                                           Total net sales excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
                              at March 31, 2025.
                                                                                                           and to the Wealth Management segment for the
                              Investment fund AUM were $78.2 billion at March 31,                          three months ended March 31, 2026 were $1.7 billion,
                              2026, a record quarter end high, compared to                                 compared to net sales of $3.4 billion last year. During




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              $68.8 billion at March 31, 2025, an increase of 13.7%.                       the current quarter, investment returns resulted in assets
                              Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM of $64.8 billion increased                       decreasing by $658 million, compared to an increase of
                              by 6.4% from $60.9 billion at March 31, 2025. Mackenzie’s                    $37 million last year.
                              ETF assets excluding ETFs held within IGM Financial’s
                                                                                                           During the first quarter of 2026, Mackenzie onboarded
                              managed products were $13.4 billion at March 31, 2026,
                                                                                                           institutional mandates of $1.2 billion. During the first
                              an increase of 69.7% from $7.9 billion at March 31, 2025.
                                                                                                           quarter of 2025, Mackenzie onboarded institutional
                              ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products
                                                                                                           mandates of $3.6 billion. Excluding these transactions
                              were $26.2 billion at March 31, 2026 compared to
                                                                                                           and the mutual fund allocation change described above,
                              $17.0 billion at March 31, 2025.
                                                                                                           net sales were $473 million in the three months ended
                              In the three months ended March 31, 2026, Mackenzie’s
                              mutual fund gross sales were $4.1 billion, an increase

                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 25
                                   C  22                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 13: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                    Change
Three months ended                                                                                           2026                2025        2025        2025        2025
($ millions)                                                                                                Mar. 31            Dec. 31      Mar. 31    Dec. 31      Mar. 31
Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
 Net sales (redemptions)
  Mutual funds                                                                                          $        (256) $          (514) $      (700)      50.2 %       63.4 %
  ETF net creations                                                                                               985            2,505          615      (60.7)        60.2
   Investment funds(1)(2)(3)                                                                                      729            1,991          (85)     (63.4)        N/M
   Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(4)                                                              934             (519)       3,526      N/M           (73.5)
 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                                 1,663             1,472        3,441      13.0          (51.7)
 Investment returns                                                                                             (658)              792           37      N/M           N/M
 Net change in assets                                                                                          1,005             2,264        3,478      (55.6)        (71.1)
 Beginning assets                                                                                             92,624            90,360       77,068        2.5          20.2
 Ending assets                                                                                          $     93,629 $          92,624 $     80,546        1.1 %       16.2 %
Mackenzie consolidated AUM
 Mutual funds                                                                                           $ 64,812 $              65,671 $     60,885       (1.3)%        6.4 %
 ETFs                                                                                                     13,361                12,462        7,874        7.2         69.7
   Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                                    78,173             78,133       68,759        0.1         13.7
   Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                                            15,456             14,491       11,787        6.7         31.1
                                                                                                              93,629            92,624       80,546        1.1         16.2
   Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                                57,720            58,525       52,951       (1.4)         9.0
 Third party AUM                                                                                            151,349            151,149      133,497        0.1         13.4
 Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)                                                                94,604             92,837       85,136        1.9         11.1
 Consolidated AUM                                                                                       $ 245,953 $ 243,986 $ 218,633                      0.8 %       12.5 %
Strategic investments ending AUM
 ChinaAMC                                                                                               $ 157,928 $ 164,404 $ 147,077                      (3.9)%        7.4 %
 Northleaf                                                                                                 20,176    19,582    18,339                       3.0         10.0
 Intra-segment eliminations                                                                                  (498)     (435)     (398)                   (14.5)        (25.1)
                                                                                                        $ 177,606 $ 183,551 $ 165,018                     (3.2)%         7.6 %
Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                                                 $ 423,559 $ 427,537 $ 383,651                     (0.9)%       10.4 %
Mackenzie average total AUM(5)
 Third party AUM                                                                                        $ 153,111 $ 149,727 $ 132,232                      2.3 %       15.8 %
 Consolidated AUM                                                                                         248,151   243,233   217,505                      2.0         14.1

(1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
(2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
(3) Investment funds:
    2025 Q4 – An institutional client made portfolio construction changes within their offering that resulted in an allocation of $1.6 billion into Mackenzie ETFs.
          Q1 – An institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions of $144 million.
(4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
    2026 Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.2 billion.
    2025 Q4 – An institutional client re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities totalling $345 million on a mandate advised upon by Mackenzie as part of an overall
               asset allocation decision. Mackenzie continues to sub-advise on this mandate.
         Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
(5) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




26 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                        C  23
                              Table 14: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                 2026              2025              2025              2025            2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                      Mar. 31          Dec. 31            Mar. 31          Dec. 31          Mar. 31
                              Sales                                                                                        $      4,063 $            2,792 $           2,637                45.5 %       54.1 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                         4,319              3,306             3,337                30.6         29.4
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                   (256)             (514)              (700)               50.2        63.4
                              ETF net creations                                                                                      985             2,505                615               (60.7)       60.2
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)(4)                                                       729             1,991                (85)              (63.4)      N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                    (689)              465                151               N/M         N/M
                              Net change in assets                                                                                   40             2,456                66                 (98.4)      (39.4)
                              Beginning assets                                                                                   78,133            75,677            68,693                   3.2        13.7
                              Ending assets                                                                                $     78,173 $          78,133 $          68,759                   0.1 %      13.7 %
                              Consists of:
                               Mutual funds                                                                                $ 64,812 $              65,671 $          60,885                  (1.3)%       6.4 %
                               ETFs                                                                                          13,361                12,462             7,874                   7.2        69.7
                               Investment funds(3)                                                                         $     78,173 $          78,133 $          68,759                   0.1 %      13.7 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                         $     79,498 $          77,502 $          69,635                   2.6 %      14.2 %
                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                              (3) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (4) Investment funds:
                                  2025 Q4 – An institutional client made portfolio construction changes within their offering that resulted in an allocation of $1.6 billion into Mackenzie ETFs.
                                        Q1 – An institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions of $144 million.




                              March 31, 2026 compared to net sales of $23 million                                              Change in AUM – Q1 2026 vs. Q4 2025
                              last year.                                                                                       Mackenzie’s total AUM at March 31, 2026 were
                              Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the first                                               $246.0 billion, an increase of 0.8% from $244.0 billion
                              quarter ended March 31, 2026 were $4.3 billion,                                                  at December 31, 2025. Third party AUM were
                              compared to $3.2 billion last year. Mackenzie’s annualized                                       $151.3 billion, an increase of 0.1% from $151.1 billion
                              quarterly redemption rate for long-term mutual funds                                             at December 31, 2025.
                              was 26.3% in the first quarter of 2026, compared to                                              Investment fund AUM were $78.2 billion at March 31,
                              21.1% in the first quarter of 2025. Mackenzie’s twelve                                           2026, an increase of 0.1% from $78.1 billion at
                              month trailing redemption rate for long-term mutual                                              December 31, 2025. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM were
                              funds was 19.4% at March 31, 2026, compared to 18.9%                                             $64.8 billion at March 31, 2026, a decrease of 1.3% from
                              last year. The corresponding average twelve month                                                $65.7 billion at December 31, 2025. Mackenzie’s ETF
                              trailing redemption rate for long-term mutual funds for                                          assets were $13.4 billion at March 31, 2026, compared
                              all other members of SIMA was approximately 15.1% at                                             to $12.5 billion at December 31, 2025. ETF assets
                              March 31, 2026, based on SIMA-reported industry data.                                            inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were
                                                                                                                               $26.2 billion at March 31, 2026, compared to $24.1 billion




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              As at March 31, 2026, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to
                              Canada Life were $57.7 billion, compared to $53.0 billion                                        at December 31, 2025.
                              at March 31, 2025.                                                                               For the quarter ended March 31, 2026, Mackenzie
                              As at March 31, 2026, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM                                           mutual fund gross sales were $4.1 billion, an increase
                              to the Wealth Management segment were $94.6 billion                                              of 45.5% from the fourth quarter of 2025. Mutual fund
                              or 67.3% of Wealth Management AUM excluding                                                      redemptions were $4.3 billion, an increase of 30.6%
                              strategic investments, compared to $85.1 billion or                                              from the fourth quarter of 2025. Net redemptions
                              68.3% of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic                                               of Mackenzie mutual funds for the current quarter
                              investments at March 31, 2025.                                                                   were $256 million, compared to net redemptions of
                                                                                                                               $514 million in the previous quarter.



                                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                          27
                                     C  24                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in                                            fourth quarter, which included $1.6 billion of ETF net
the current quarter were $4.3 billion, compared to                                        creations discussed above.
$3.3 billion in the fourth quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized                                As at March 31, 2026, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to
quarterly redemption rate for long-term mutual funds for                                  Canada Life were $57.7 billion, compared to $58.5 billion
the current quarter was 26.3%, compared to 19.6% in the                                   at December 31, 2025.
fourth quarter.
                                                                                          As at March 31, 2026, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory and AUM
For the quarter ended March 31, 2026, Mackenzie ETF                                       to the Wealth Management segment were $94.6 billion
net creations were $985 million, compared to $2.5 billion                                 or 67.3% of Wealth Management AUM excluding
in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter of 2025 included                                strategic investments, compared to $92.8 billion or
$1.6 billion of ETF net creations related to an institutional                             66.9% of Wealth Management AUM excluding strategic
client making portfolio construction changes.                                             investments at December 31, 2025.
Investment fund net sales in the current quarter were
$729 million, compared to net sales of $2.0 billion in the




                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




28   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                       C  25
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings                                      Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025
                              are presented in Table 15 and include the operations                                      Revenues
                              of Mackenzie Investments and earnings related to                                          Net asset management fees – third party were
                              strategic investments.                                                                    $182.5 million for the three months ended March 31,
                                                                                                                        2026, an increase of $13.6 million or 8.1% from
                              Mackenzie Investments                                                                     $168.9 million last year. The increase in net asset
                              Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are                                          management fees – third party was primarily due
                              presented in Table 16. Adjusted net earnings for the first                                to a 15.8% increase in average AUM, as shown in
                              quarter of 2026 were $57.4 million, an increase of 9.1%                                   Table 13, partially offset by a decrease in the net
                              from the first quarter in 2025 and a decrease of 5.0%                                     asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset
                              from the prior quarter.                                                                   management fee rate was 48.3 basis points for the three
                                                                                                                        months ended March 31, 2026, compared to 51.8 basis
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the first                                 points in the comparative period in 2025. The decrease
                              quarter of 2026 were $83.8 million, an increase of 7.3%                                   in rate was driven by a change in the composition of
                              from the first quarter in 2025 and a decrease of 5.4%                                     AUM, including the impact of having a greater share
                              from the prior quarter.                                                                   in non-retail priced products, including $5.2 billion of
                                                                                                                        non-retail flows over the past year.


                              Table 15: Operating Results – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                   2026              2025              2025              2025        2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                        Mar. 31          Dec. 31            Mar. 31          Dec. 31      Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                Asset management fees – third party                                                          $       267.1 $           270.5 $           252.1             (1.3)%       6.0 %
                                Redemption fees                                                                                        0.5               1.1               0.5           (54.5)           –
                                                                                                                                     267.6             271.6             252.6            (1.5)         5.9
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                              (85.1)            (86.5)            (83.7)          (1.6)         1.7
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                               182.5             185.1             168.9            (1.4)         8.1
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                              35.5              35.5              31.8               –         11.6
                               Net asset management                                                                                  218.0             220.6             200.7             (1.2)        8.6
                               Net investment income and other                                                                         1.8               2.0               1.5           (10.0)        20.0
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                            42.1              32.9              39.0            28.0          7.9
                                                                                                                                     261.9             255.5             241.2             2.5          8.6
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                      27.0              30.2               26.2          (10.6)         3.1




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Operations and support                                                                                105.0             100.0               95.7            5.0          9.7
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                            4.7               4.3                2.8            9.3         67.9
                                                                                                                                     136.7             134.5             124.7             1.6          9.6
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                         125.2             121.0             116.5             3.5          7.5
                              Interest expense                                                                                         6.4               6.6               6.5            (3.0)        (1.5)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                               118.8             114.4             110.0             3.8          8.0
                              Income taxes                                                                                            23.2              23.7              21.8            (2.1)         6.4
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                 95.6              90.7              88.2            5.4          8.4
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                  1.5               2.1               1.7          (28.6)       (11.8)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                      $        94.1 $             88.6 $            86.5            6.2 %        8.8 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                       29
                                     C  26                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 16: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments
                                                                                                                                                                Change
Three months ended                                                                                        2026                2025       2025        2025        2025
($ millions)                                                                                             Mar. 31            Dec. 31     Mar. 31    Dec. 31      Mar. 31
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                                                $       267.1 $          270.5 $    252.1         (1.3)%       6.0 %
  Redemption fees                                                                                              0.5              1.1        0.5       (54.5)           –
                                                                                                             267.6            271.6      252.6        (1.5)         5.9
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                   (85.1)           (86.5)      (83.7)      (1.6)         1.7
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                                    182.5             185.1      168.9        (1.4)         8.1
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                   35.5              35.5       31.8           –         11.6
 Net asset management                                                                                       218.0             220.6      200.7         (1.2)        8.6
 Net investment income and other                                                                              1.8               2.0        1.5       (10.0)        20.0
                                                                                                             219.8            222.6      202.2        (1.3)         8.7
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                           27.0              30.2        26.2      (10.6)         3.1
 Operations and support                                                                                     104.3              99.5        95.1        4.8          9.7
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                 4.7               4.3         2.8        9.3         67.9
                                                                                                            136.0             134.0      124.1         1.5          9.6
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                83.8             88.6        78.1       (5.4)          7.3
Interest expense                                                                                               6.4              6.6         6.5       (3.0)         (1.5)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                      77.4             82.0        71.6       (5.6)         8.1
Income taxes                                                                                                  20.0             21.6        19.0       (7.4)         5.3
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                             $         57.4 $          60.4 $      52.6       (5.0)%        9.1 %
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                                                  expenses were $27.0 million for the three months ended
$35.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2026,                                        March 31, 2026, an increase of $0.8 million or 3.1% from
an increase of $3.7 million or 11.6% from $31.8 million                                         $26.2 million in 2025.
last year. The increase in management fees was primarily                                        Operations and support includes costs associated with
due to an 11.5% increase in average AUM. Mackenzie’s                                            business operations, including technology and business
management fee rate was 15.2 basis points for the three                                         processes, in-house investment management and
months ended March 31, 2026, compared to 15.1 basis                                             product shelf management, corporate management
points in the comparative period in 2025.                                                       and support functions. These expenses primarily
Net investment income and other primarily includes                                              reflect compensation, technology and other service
investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments                                           provider expenses. Operations and support expenses




                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
in proprietary funds. These investments are generally                                           were $104.3 million for the three months ended
made in the process of launching a fund and are sold as                                         March 31, 2026, an increase of $9.2 million or 9.7% from
third party investors subscribe. Net investment income                                          $95.1 million in 2025 due to seasonality and other timing
and other was $1.8 million for the three months ended                                           related expenses.
March 31, 2026 compared to $1.5 million last year.                                              Sub-advisory expenses were $4.7 million for the three
Expenses                                                                                        months ended March 31, 2026, compared to $2.8 million
Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development                                              in 2025.
expenses that primarily include wholesale distribution                                          Interest Expense
activities and these costs vary directly with assets or                                         Interest expense, which includes allocated interest
sales levels. Advisory and business development                                                 expense on long-term debt and interest expense on


30 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                       C  27
                              leases, totalled $6.4 million in the first quarter of 2026,                               Expenses
                              compared to $6.5 million in the comparative period in                                     Advisory and business development expenses were
                              2025. Long-term debt interest expense is calculated                                       $27.0 million for the current quarter, compared to
                              based on an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-term debt                                  $30.2 million in the fourth quarter.
                              of $450 million to Mackenzie.
                                                                                                                        Operations and support expenses were $104.3 million
                                                                                                                        for the current quarter, compared to $99.5 million in the
                              Q1 2026 vs. Q4 2025
                                                                                                                        fourth quarter.
                              Revenues
                                                                                                                        Sub-advisory expenses were $4.7 million for the current
                              Net asset management fees – third party were
                                                                                                                        quarter, compared to $4.3 million in the fourth quarter.
                              $182.5 million for the current quarter, a decrease of
                              $2.6 million or 1.4% from $185.1 million in the fourth
                              quarter of 2025. Factors contributing to the net                                          Asset Management Strategic Investments
                              decrease were:                                                                            Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted net
                              • Net asset management fee rate was 48.3 basis points                                     earnings are presented within Table 17. Adjusted net
                                for the current quarter compared to 49.0 basis points                                   earnings for the first quarter of 2026 were $36.7 million,
                                in the fourth quarter.                                                                  compared to $33.9 million in 2025 and $28.2 million in the
                              • There were two fewer calendar days in the first quarter                                 fourth quarter of 2025.
                                of 2026 compared to the fourth quarter of 2025,                                         The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists
                                which resulted in a decrease of management fees of                                      of equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
                                $5.9 million.
                                                                                                                        The Company’s share of ChinaAMC’s earnings were
                              • Average AUM were $153.1 billion in the current                                          $34.6 million in the first quarter of 2026, compared to
                                quarter, an increase of 2.3% from the prior quarter.                                    $30.6 million in the comparable period in 2025.
                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                                            The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were
                              $35.5 million, unchanged from the fourth quarter. Asset                                   $7.5 million in the first quarter of 2026, compared to
                              management fee rate was 15.2 basis points for the                                         $8.4 million in the comparable period in 2025. This
                              current quarter compared to 15.0 basis points in the                                      is offset by non-controlling interest as reflected in
                              fourth quarter.                                                                           the table.
                              Net investment income and other was $1.8 million for
                              the current quarter, compared to $2.0 million in the
                              fourth quarter.



                              Table 17: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                   2026              2025              2025              2025       2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                        Mar. 31          Dec. 31            Mar. 31          Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                     $        34.6 $             22.0 $            30.6           57.3 %      13.1 %
                                Northleaf                                                                                              7.5               10.9               8.4          (31.2)      (10.7)
                                                                                                                                      42.1               32.9              39.0           28.0         7.9
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                   0.7                0.5               0.6          40.0        16.7
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                                      41.4               32.4              38.4           27.8         7.8
                              Income taxes                                                                                             3.2                2.1               2.8           52.4        14.3
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                 38.2              30.3              35.6           26.1         7.3
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                  1.5               2.1               1.7          (28.6)      (11.8)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                      $         36.7 $            28.2 $            33.9           30.1 %       8.3 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     31
                                     C  28                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Corporate and Other
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Corporate and Other segment includes the                                                    Q1 2026 vs. Q1 2025
Company’s investments in Great West and Portage                                                 The proportionate share of Great West’s base earnings
Ventures LPs (Portage), and unallocated capital.                                                was $30.3 million, an increase of $5.8 million in the first
Adjusted earnings from the Corporate and Other                                                  quarter of 2026 compared to the first quarter of 2025.
segment include the Company’s proportionate share                                               The proportionate share of Great West’s net earnings
of Great West’s base earnings, an alternate measure                                             was $29.8 million in the first quarter of 2026, an increase
Great West uses to understand the underlying business                                           of $9.3 million compared to the first quarter of 2025.
performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Great West’s                                         These earnings reflect the proportionate share of
financial information can be obtained in its disclosure                                         equity earnings from Great West, as discussed in the
materials filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Net investment                                             Consolidated Financial Position section of this MD&A.
income on unallocated capital and consolidation                                                 Net investment income and other was $5.7 million in
elimination entries are also included in this segment.                                          the first quarter of 2026, an increase of $1.5 million
In addition to Great West and other investments                                                 from $4.2 million in 2025.
held by the Company, the Corporate and Other
segment includes unallocated capital which totalled                                             Q1 2026 vs. Q4 2025
$1,010.9 million at March 31, 2026, compared to                                                 The proportionate share of Great West’s base earnings
$996.5 million at December 31, 2025, as detailed in                                             was $30.3 million in the first quarter of 2026, a decrease
Table 18.                                                                                       of $0.8 million from the fourth quarter of 2025. The
Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings                                               proportionate share of Great West’s net earnings
are presented in Table 19.                                                                      was $29.8 million, an increase of $3.8 million from the
                                                                                                fourth quarter of 2025.




                                                                                                                                                                     PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 18: Total Assets – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                            2026         2025
($ millions)                                                                                                                               Mar. 31     Dec. 31
Investments in associate
 Great West                                                                                                                            $    670.3 $          670.0
FVTOCI investments
 Portage and other investments(1)                                                                                                            139.4       139.1
Unallocated capital                                                                                                                        1,010.9       996.5
Total assets                                                                                                                           $ 1,820.6 $ 1,805.6
Great West fair value                                                                                                                  $ 1,440.2 $ 1,498.2
(1) The Company’s indirect interest in Wealthsimple held through Portage has been reallocated to the Wealth Management segment.



32    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                            C  29
                              Table 19: Operating Results – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Change
                              Three months ended                                                                                   2026              2025              2025              2025       2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                        Mar. 31          Dec. 31            Mar. 31          Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                             $         (5.0) $            (4.5) $           (3.3)        (11.1)%     (51.5)%
                               Asset management                                                                                       (27.6)            (28.4)            (26.5)           2.8        (4.2)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                             (2.0)              (1.8)             (1.4)         11.1        42.9
                               Net asset management                                                                                   (29.6)            (30.2)            (27.9)           2.0        (6.1)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                          5.7               5.8               4.2           (1.7)       35.7
                               Proportionate share of Great West’s base earnings                                                       30.3              31.1              24.5           (2.6)       23.7
                                                                                                                                        1.4                2.2              (2.5)        (36.4)      N/M
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                  0.5                0.2               0.8          150.0       (37.5)
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                          (34.7)             (34.6)            (31.2)          (0.3)      (11.2)
                                                                                                                                     (34.2)             (34.4)            (30.4)           0.6       (12.5)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                                       35.6              36.6              27.9           (2.7)       27.6
                              Income taxes                                                                                              1.5               1.5               0.9              –        66.7
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                       $        34.1 $             35.1 $            27.0           (2.8)%      26.3 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                                IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                     33
                                     C  30                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
IGM Financial Inc.
Consolidated Financial Position
IGM Financial’s total assets were $21.4 billion at March 31,                                to repurchase shares. The Company holds a 22.3% fully
2026, compared to $22.4 billion at December 31, 2025.                                       diluted economic interest (December 31, 2025 – 22.3%).
                                                                                            At March 31, 2026, the fair value of the Company’s
Other Investments                                                                           investment in Wealthsimple, net of certain partnership
The composition of the Company’s securities holdings                                        costs, was $2,258 million, unchanged from December 31,
is detailed in Table 20.                                                                    2025. The fair value considers transactions which closed in
                                                                                            the fourth quarter of 2025, public market peer valuations,
Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income                                               as well as Wealthsimple’s business performance and
(FVTOCI)                                                                                    revenue expectations. Fair value is determined by using
                                                                                            observable transactions in the investments’ securities
Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded
                                                                                            where available, discounted cash flows, and other
in Other comprehensive income.
                                                                                            valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in
Corporate Investments                                                                       the valuation of comparable public companies.
Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the                                         Wealthsimple’s total assets under administration were
Company’s investments in Wealthsimple and Portage                                           $124.8 billion at March 31, 2026, representing an increase
and are recorded at FVTOCI.                                                                 of 12.1% from $111.3 billion at December 31, 2025.
The total fair value of Corporate investments was
$2,413 million at March 31, 2026, unchanged from                                            Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
December 31, 2025, and is presented net of certain costs                                    Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities
incurred within the limited partnership structures holding                                  and proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are
the underlying investments.                                                                 recorded in Net investment income and other in the
Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                                                                Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Wealthsimple is a financial company that provides simple                                    Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated
digital tools for growing and managing client money. The                                    where the Company has made the assessment that it
Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held                                      controls the investment fund. The underlying securities
through a limited partnership controlled by Power and                                       of these funds are classified as FVTPL.
economic interest is presented net of certain partnership
costs. The investment is classified at FVTOCI.                                              Loans
IGM Financial Inc. holds a 25.4% economic interest in                                       The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed
Wealthsimple (December 31, 2025 – 25.5%) calculated                                         in Table 21.
using the treasury method which includes options that
                                                                                            Loans consisted of residential mortgages, which
are in the money and assumes option proceeds are used
                                                                                            include HELOCs, and represented 24.1% of total




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 20: Other Investments
                                                                                                                             March 31, 2026        December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                        Fair                       Fair
($ millions)                                                                                                                Cost      Value           Cost       Value
Fair value through other comprehensive income
 Corporate investments                                                                                                  $   403.7 $ 2,413.2    $     403.3 $ 2,412.9
Fair value through profit or loss
 Proprietary investment funds                                                                                               127.4     127.9          107.7       109.2
                                                                                                                        $   531.1 $ 2,541.1    $     511.0 $ 2,522.1


34 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                        C  31
                              Table 21: Loans
                                                                                                                                                                               2026         2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                                    Mar. 31     Dec. 31
                              Amortized cost                                                                                                                              $   5,142.1 $   5,262.8
                              Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                               (0.6)       (0.7)
                                                                                                                                                                              5,141.5     5,262.1
                              Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                                  35.0           –
                                                                                                                                                                          $   5,176.5 $   5,262.1




                              assets at March 31, 2026, compared to 23.5% at                               Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management
                              December 31, 2025.                                                           (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                              Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily                               (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence. Changes
                              comprised of residential mortgages sold to securitization                    in the carrying values for the first quarter ended
                              programs sponsored by third parties that in turn issue                       March 31, 2026 compared to 2025 are shown in Table 22.
                              securities to investors. An offsetting liability, Obligations
                              to securitization entities, has been recorded and                            Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                              totalled $4.8 billion at March 31, 2026, unchanged from                      At March 31, 2026, the Company held a 2.4% equity
                              December 31, 2025.                                                           interest in Great West. IGM Financial and Great West are
                              The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization.                      controlled by Power.
                              Loans measured at FVTPL are residential mortgages
                              held temporarily by the Company pending sale. Loans
                                                                                                           China Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                              held for securitization are carried at amortized cost.                       At March 31, 2026, the Company held a 27.8%
                              Total loans being held pending sale or securitization                        equity interest in ChinaAMC. The change in Other
                              are $431.4 million at March 31, 2026, compared to                            comprehensive income of positive $59.3 million in the
                              $492.9 million at December 31, 2025.                                         three months ended March 31, 2026, was due to a
                                                                                                           2.8% appreciation of the Chinese yuan relative to the
                              Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth
                                                                                                           Canadian dollar.
                              Management are funded primarily through sales to
                              third parties on a fully serviced basis, including Canada                    ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding
                              Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) or Canadian                          subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥
                              bank sponsored securitization programs. At March 31,                         2,813.6 billion ($568.1 billion) at March 31, 2026,
                              2026, IG Wealth Management serviced $6.8 billion                             representing a decrease of 6.7% (CAD 3.9%) from RMB¥
                              of residential mortgages.                                                    3,014.5 billion ($591.4 billion) at December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                           Investment fund net flows, which exclude subsidiary
                              Securitization Arrangements                                                  and institutional assets under management, were RMB¥
                                                                                                           (184.2) billion for the quarter ended March 31, 2026 (net
                              In the first quarter of 2026, the Company securitized
                                                                                                           flows obtained from Wind Information Co., Ltd.).
                              loans through its mortgage banking operations with cash
                              proceeds of $388.9 million, compared to $285.2 million                       Rockefeller Capital Management




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              in 2025. Additional information related to the Company’s
                              securitization activities, including the Company’s hedges                    At March 31, 2026, the Company held a 17.2%
                              of related reinvestment and interest rate risk, can be                       equity interest in Rockefeller. The change in Other
                              found in the Financial Risk section of this MD&A and in                      comprehensive income of positive $8.3 million in
                              Note 6 to the Interim Financial Statements.                                  the three months ended March 31, 2026, was due
                                                                                                           to a 1.4% appreciation of the US dollar relative to
                                                                                                           the Canadian dollar.
                              Investment in Associates
                                                                                                           Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $203.1 billion
                              The Company uses the equity method to account for
                                                                                                           ($282.7 billion) at March 31, 2026, representing an
                              its investments in associates, which include Great-West
                                                                                                           increase of 2.7% (CAD 4.2%) from USD $197.7 billion
                              Lifeco Inc. (Great West), China Asset Management Co.,
                                                                                                           ($271.4 billion) at December 31, 2025.

                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                    35
                                    C  32                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 22: Investment in Associates
                                                                                      March 31, 2026                                                                     March 31, 2025
($ millions)           Great West ChinaAMC Rockefeller Northleaf                  Other           Total    Great West ChinaAMC Rockefeller Northleaf                   Other       Total
Three months ended
Carrying value,
January 1              $   670.0    $ 2,081.2    $    480.7     $    471.9    $      49.7    $ 3,753.5       $    633.5     $ 2,030.1    $   903.2    $   353.5    $    59.4   $ 3,979.7
 Additions                     –             –             –              –             –             –                –           –            –          11.0           –         11.0
 Dividends                 (14.8)       (61.5)             –              –             –         (76.3)           (13.5)       (66.0)          –            –            –        (79.5)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)           29.8         34.6           (1.8)           7.5          (0.7)         69.4            20.5          30.6         (4.3)         8.4          0.6        55.8
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments       (14.7)        59.3            8.3              –             –          52.9            16.3           8.3         (1.2)        (3.3)          –         20.1
Carrying value,
March 31               $   670.3    $ 2,113.6    $    487.2     $    479.4    $      49.0    $ 3,799.5       $    656.8     $ 2,003.0    $   897.7    $   369.6    $    60.0   $ 3,987.1

(1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in either the Wealth Management, Asset Management or Corporate
    and Other segment. The proportionate share of Great West earnings includes Great West other items of ($0.5) million in the first quarter of 2026 compared to
    ($4.0) million in the first quarter of 2025.
(2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of non-controlling interest, was $6.0 million in the three month period of 2026 compared to
    $6.7 million in 2025.



Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                                    Northleaf’s assets under management, including invested
                                                                                                capital and uninvested commitments, were $36.0 billion
At March 31, 2026, the Company held a 49.9% voting
                                                                                                as at March 31, 2026, representing an increase of
interest and a 56% economic interest in Northleaf, net
                                                                                                $1.0 billion or 2.9% from $35.0 billion at December 31,
of Great West’s Non-controlling interest.
                                                                                                2025. The increase during the three month period was
Mackenzie and Great West have an obligation and right                                           driven by $0.4 billion in new commitments, $0.2 billion
to purchase the remaining equity and voting interest in                                         related to return of capital and other, and $0.4 billion
Northleaf beginning in the fourth quarter of 2025, and                                          related to foreign exchange on USD denominated assets.
extending into future periods.




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




36 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                                 C  33
                              Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
                              Liquidity                                                                        (EBITDA before sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure
                                                                                                               (see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial
                              Cash and cash equivalents totalled $1,150.3 million
                                                                                                               Measures), totalled $455.0 million for the first quarter of
                              at March 31, 2026, compared to $1,274.2 million at
                                                                                                               2026, compared to $393.6 million for the first quarter of
                              December 31, 2025 and $772.2 million at March 31, 2025.
                                                                                                               2025 and $477.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2025.
                              Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held                            EBITDA before sales commissions excludes the impact
                              by clients within their investment accounts and with the                         of both commissions paid and commission amortization
                              offset included in Client deposits.                                              (Table 1).
                              Working capital, which consists of current assets less                           Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
                              current liabilities, totalled $583.0 million at March 31,                        amortization after sales commissions (EBITDA after
                              2026, compared to $987.7 million at December 31, 2025                            sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see Non-IFRS
                              and $627.5 million at March 31, 2025 (Table 23).                                 Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures),
                              Working capital, which includes unallocated capital,                             totalled $418.2 million in the first quarter of 2026,
                              is utilized to:                                                                  compared to $359.4 million in the first quarter of
                              • Finance ongoing operations, including the funding                              2025 and $441.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2025.
                                 of sales commissions.                                                         EBITDA after sales commissions excludes the impact of
                                                                                                               commission amortization (Table 1).
                              • Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage
                                 banking operations.                                                           Refer to the Financial Risk section of this MD&A for
                              • Pay interest related to long-term debt.                                        information related to other sources of liquidity and to
                                                                                                               the Company’s exposure to and management of liquidity
                              • Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.
                                                                                                               and funding risk.
                              • Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding
                                 common shares.                                                                Cash Flows
                              • Finance common share repurchases and retirement
                                                                                                               Table 24 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated
                                 of long-term debt.
                                                                                                               Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the
                              • Capital investment in the business and business                                Interim Financial Statements for the quarter ended
                                 acquisitions.                                                                 March 31, 2026. Cash and cash equivalents decreased
                              IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash                             by $123.9 million in the first quarter of 2026, compared
                              flows from its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes,                      to a decrease of $138.1 million in 2025.
                              depreciation and amortization before sales commissions


                              Table 23: Working Capital
                                                                                                                                                                  2026          2025       2025
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                       Mar. 31      Dec. 31     Mar. 31
                              Current assets
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     $ 1,150.3 $ 1,274.2 $   772.2




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Client funds on deposit                                                                                                         3,474.2   4,316.7   3,282.4
                               Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                              477.8     451.1     464.2
                               Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                              1,161.7   1,331.9     951.6
                                                                                                                                                                 6,264.0      7,373.9     5,470.4
                              Current liabilities
                               Accounts and other payables                                                                                                         721.5        801.4       688.9
                               Client deposits                                                                                                                   3,448.6      4,299.1     3,269.9
                               Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                               1,110.9      1,285.7       884.1
                               Current portion of long-term debt                                                                                                   400.0            –           –
                                                                                                                                                                 5,681.0      6,386.2     4,842.9
                              Working capital                                                                                                                $      583.0 $     987.7 $    627.5


                                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                 37
                                    C  34                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Table 24: Cash Flows
                                                                                                                           2026        2025
Three months ended ($ millions)                                                                                           Mar. 31     Mar. 31     Change
Operating activities
 Earnings before income taxes                                                                                         $     367.5 $     305.0        20.5 %
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                          (96.0)     (102.8)        6.6
 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities                                                               (130.0)     (132.1)        1.6
                                                                                                                            141.5         70.1      101.9
Financing activities                                                                                                       (312.2)     (191.1)      (63.4)
Investing activities                                                                                                         46.8        (17.1)      N/M
Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        (123.9)     (138.1)       10.3
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                            1,274.2       910.3        40.0
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                              $ 1,150.3 $      772.2         49.0 %




Adjustments to determine net cash from operating                                          Investing activities during the first quarter of 2026
activities during the first quarter of 2026 compared                                      compared to 2025 primarily related to:
to 2025 consist of non-cash operating activities offset                                   • The purchases of other investments totalling
by cash operating activities:                                                               $34.5 million and sales of other investments with
• Add-back of amortization of capitalized sales                                             proceeds of $19.4 million in 2026, compared to
  commissions offset by the deduction of capitalized                                        $15.8 million and $16.0 million, respectively, in 2025.
  sales commissions paid.                                                                 • An increase in loans of $424.2 million with repayments
• Add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and                                       of loans and other of $505.7 million in 2026, compared
  other assets.                                                                             to $389.7 million and $393.1 million, respectively, in
• Deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings                                    2025 primarily related to residential mortgages in the
  offset by dividends received.                                                             Company’s mortgage banking operations.
• Add-back of pension and other post-employment                                           • Net cash used in additions to intangible assets
  benefits offset by cash contributions.                                                    and other was $11.8 million in 2026, compared to
• Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.                                    $13.0 million in 2025.
• Deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.
                                                                                          Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
Financing activities during the first quarter of 2026
compared to 2025 related to:                                                              Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled
                                                                                          $1.9 billion at March 31, 2026, compared to $1.1 billion
• An increase in obligations to securitization entities
                                                                                          at March 31, 2025, as detailed in Table 25.
  of $380.8 million and repayments of obligations
  to securitization entities of $408.5 million in 2026,                                   Other comprehensive income for Investment in
  compared to an increase in obligations to securitization                                associates in 2026 was primarily related to foreign
  entities of $285.4 million and repayments of obligations                                exchange translation.




                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  to securitization entities of $284.9 million in 2025.
• The issuance of 1,018,743 common shares with                                            Capital Resources
  proceeds of $38.5 million in 2026, compared to                                          The Company’s capital management objective is to
  689,326 common shares of $27.0 million in 2025.                                         maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that the
• The purchase of 2,830,000 common shares in 2026                                         Company is capitalized in a manner which appropriately
  under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost                                supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital
  of $185.4 million, compared to purchase of 1,754,700                                    needs and business expansion. The Company’s capital
  common shares at a cost of $78.8 million in 2025.                                       management practices are focused on preserving the
• The payment of regular common share dividends                                           quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid
  which totalled $132.4 million in 2026, compared to                                      capital base and a strong balance sheet. Capital of the
  $133.8 million in 2025.                                                                 Company consists of long-term debt and shareholders’


38   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                               C  35
                              Table 25: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
                                                                                                                                                                        Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                 in
                                                                                                                             Employee                  Other             Associates
                              ($ millions)                                                                                    Benefits           Investments             and Other      Total
                              2026
                              Balance, January 1                                                                         $            22.8 $            1,739.3 $             97.9 $ 1,860.0
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                       (7.1)                0.9               56.5      50.3
                               Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                     –                (1.0)                 –      (1.0)
                              Balance, March 31                                                                          $            15.7 $            1,739.2 $            154.4 $ 1,909.3
                              2025
                              Balance, January 1                                                                         $            34.1 $              917.3 $            118.7 $ 1,070.1
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                      (0.5)                13.2               20.7      33.4
                              Balance, March 31                                                                          $            33.6 $              930.5 $            139.4 $ 1,103.5




                              equity which totalled $11.4 billion at March 31, 2026,                     The Company purchased 2,830,000 common shares
                              compared to $11.3 billion at December 31, 2025. The                        during the three months ended March 31, 2026
                              Company regularly assesses its capital management                          at a cost of $185.4 million under its Normal Course
                              practices in response to changing economic conditions.                     Issuer Bid (NCIB) (refer to Note 8 to the Interim
                              The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its                         Financial Statements).
                              ongoing business operations to support working                             In connection with its NCIB, the Company has
                              capital requirements, long-term investments made by                        established an automatic securities purchase plan (ASPP)
                              the Company, business expansion and other strategic                        for its common shares. The ASPP provides standard
                              objectives. Subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital                     instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common
                              requirements include investment dealer, exempt market                      shares are to be purchased under the NCIB during
                              dealer, portfolio managers, investment fund managers                       certain pre-determined trading blackout periods,
                              and a trust company. These subsidiaries are required                       subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of these
                              to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either                      pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases
                              working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. The                    under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based
                              Company’s subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory                   upon management’s discretion.
                              capital requirements.                                                      Other activities in 2026 included the declaration of
                              The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion at                   common share dividends of $144.7 million or $0.62 per
                              March 31, 2026, unchanged from December 31, 2025.                          share. Changes in common share capital are reflected in
                              Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which are                        the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.
                              senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company                           Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s
                              subject to standard covenants, including negative                          senior unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook.
                              pledges, but which do not include any specified                            Morningstar DBRS current rating on the Company’s
                              financial or operational covenants.                                        senior unsecured debentures is “A (High)” with a stable




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              The Company commenced an NCIB on December 23,                              rating trend.
                              2025 to purchase for cancellation up to 11.8 million
                              of its common shares. The program will be used to                          Financial Instruments
                              mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options issued under
                                                                                                         Table 26 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of
                              the Company’s stock option plan and for other capital
                                                                                                         financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes
                              management purposes. The Company’s previous NCIB
                                                                                                         fair value information for financial assets and financial
                              expired on December 22, 2025 where the Company was
                                                                                                         liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying
                              authorized to purchase for cancellation up to 6 million of
                                                                                                         amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These
                              its common shares. The original NCIB was amended on
                                                                                                         items include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on
                              November 13, 2025 to revise the authorized number of
                                                                                                         deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other
                              shares for repurchase from 5 million to 6 million.

                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                  39
                                    C  36                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
 Table 26: Financial Instruments
                                                                                                                          March 31, 2026          December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                 Carrying                        Carrying
 ($ millions)                                                                                                       Value       Fair Value          Value     Fair Value
 Financial assets recorded at fair value
  Other investments
    – FVTOCI                                                                                                 $     2,413.2 $      2,413.2    $    2,412.9 $     2,412.9
    – FVTPL                                                                                                          127.9          127.9           109.2         109.2
  Loans
    – FVTPL                                                                                                              35.0        35.0               –              –
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                       55.4        55.4            70.0           70.0
 Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
  Loans
   – Amortized cost                                                                                                5,141.5        5,272.9         5,262.1       5,389.7
 Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                                       12.4        12.4            15.2           15.2
 Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
  Obligations to securitization entities                                                                           4,785.2        4,908.9         4,815.3       4,916.5
  Long-term debt                                                                                                   2,400.0        2,411.2         2,400.0       2,441.7



 financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities,                                 Although there were changes to both the carrying
 client deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.                                   values and fair values of financial instruments, these
 See Note 13 of the Interim Financial Statements which                                       changes did not have a material impact on the financial
 provides discussion on the determination of fair value                                      condition of the Company for the three months ended
 of financial instruments.                                                                   March 31, 2026.




                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




40 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      C  37
                              Risk Management
                              The Company’s interim MD&A risk disclosure focuses on                        Risks Related to AUM&A
                              material changes since the annual MD&A as well as core                       At March 31, 2026, IGM Financial’s AUM&A were
                              financial risks.                                                             $314.0 billion, compared to $310.1 billion at
                              IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that                          December 31, 2025. AUM&A Including SI were
                              are inherent in our business activities. Our ability to                      $568.9 billion at March 31, 2026, compared to
                              manage these risks is key to our ongoing success.                            $566.2 billion at December 31, 2025.
                              The Company emphasizes a strong risk management                              The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory
                              culture and the implementation of an effective risk                          fees and asset management fees which are applied as
                              management approach.                                                         an annual percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A
                                                                                                           levels are impacted by both net sales and changes in
                              Key Risks of the Business                                                    the market.

                              Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to                   Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty
                              achieve strategic and business objectives are identified                     and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,
                              through our ongoing risk management process.                                 foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/
                                                                                                           credit spreads, or other asset values could cause the
                              Risks are identified based on our established
                                                                                                           Company’s AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline.
                              methodology, considering factors both internal and
                                                                                                           A general economic downturn, market volatility, client
                              external to the organization. These risks are broadly
                                                                                                           rebalancing, poor investment performance, or a lack of
                              grouped into three categories: financial, operational,
                                                                                                           investor confidence could also lead to lower sales, higher
                              and strategic and business.
                                                                                                           redemption levels and lower AUM&A.
                              For a complete description of the risk management
                              framework, the key risks and the management of these                         Liquidity and Funding Risk
                              risks, refer to the Company’s MD&A included in the                           This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain
                              2025 Annual Report. The Company’s risk management                            sufficient cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to
                              policies and practices have not changed materially since                     meet contractual or anticipated commitments as they
                              December 31, 2025. Following is a description of the                         come due or arise.
                              Company’s key financial risks as well as emerging risks.                     Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have
                                                                                                           sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective
                              Financial Risk                                                               requirements in both normal and stressed conditions.
                              This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A, liquidity               A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor
                              and funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.                               network compensation paid for the distribution of



                              Table 27: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix
                                                                                                                                                                  Investment
                              As at March 31, 2026                                                                                                                     Funds        Total




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Cash                                                                                                                                          0.8 %     1.9 %
                              Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                                         2.8       2.6
                              Other fixed income                                                                                                                           22.6      22.2
                              Domestic equity                                                                                                                              21.8      24.9
                              Foreign equity                                                                                                                               50.3      47.1
                              Real Property                                                                                                                                 1.7       1.3
                                                                                                                                                                          100.0 %   100.0 %
                              CAD                                                                                                                                          47.5 %    52.3 %
                              USD                                                                                                                                          34.8      31.8
                              Other                                                                                                                                        17.7      15.9
                                                                                                                                                                          100.0 %   100.0 %



                                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                              41
                                   C  38                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
financial products and services. This compensation                                               and monitors its credit risk management practices on
continues to be paid from operating cash flows.                                                  an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness. The
The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to                                               Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk
fund and temporarily hold mortgages, which include                                               have not changed materially since December 31, 2025.
HELOCs, pending sale or securitization to long-term                                              Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit
funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral                                          At March 31, 2026, cash and cash equivalents of
requirements.                                                                                    $1,150.3 million (December 31, 2025 – $1,274.2 million)
The Company accesses the unsecured long-term                                                     consisted of cash balances of $730.1 million
debt markets for corporate purposes, and ensures                                                 (December 31, 2025 – $676.7 million) primarily on deposit
a well-diversified maturity structure to manage                                                  with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of
associated funding risks.                                                                        $420.2 million (December 31, 2025 – $597.5 million). Cash
The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected                                              equivalents are comprised of Government of Canada
in Table 28.                                                                                     treasury bills totalling $9.7 million (December 31, 2025
                                                                                                 – $0.5 million), provincial government treasury bills and
In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash                                           promissory notes of $392.5 million (December 31, 2025
and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through                                             – $553.8 million), and bank term deposits of $18.0 million
the Company’s lines of credit. The Company’s lines of                                            (December 31, 2025 – $43.2 million).
credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered banks
totalled $800 million at March 31, 2026, unchanged from                                          IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of
December 31, 2025. The lines of credit at March 31,                                              $3.5 billion (December 31, 2025 – $4.3 billion) are held
2026 consisted of committed lines of $650 million and                                            with Schedule I chartered banks and approximately
uncommitted lines of $150 million, unchanged from                                                82% of the client deposits were insured by the Canada
December 31, 2025. Any advances made by a bank                                                   Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC) at March 31, 2026.
under the uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s                                          Mortgage Portfolio
sole discretion. As at March 31, 2026 and December 31,                                           At March 31, 2026, residential mortgages including
2025, the Company was not utilizing its committed lines                                          HELOCs, recorded on the Company’s balance sheet, of
of credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.                                                    $5.2 billion (December 31, 2025 – $5.3 billion) consisted of
The Company’s liquidity position and its management of                                           $4.7 billion sold to securitization programs (December 31,
liquidity and funding risk have not changed materially                                           2025 – $4.8 billion), $431.4 million held pending sale
since December 31, 2025.                                                                         or securitization (December 31, 2025 – $492.9 million)
                                                                                                 and $7.5 million related to the Company’s intermediary
Credit Risk
                                                                                                 operations (December 31, 2025 – $9.9 million).
This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a
counterparty to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.                                     The Company manages credit risk related to residential
                                                                                                 mortgages through:
The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash
                                                                                                 • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting
and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage
                                                                                                   standards;
portfolio, and use of over-the-counter derivatives




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 28: Contractual Obligations
As at March 31, 2026                                                                                                     Less than           1–5           After
($ millions)                                                                                         Demand                 1 Year          Years        5 Years           Total
Derivative financial instruments                                                                 $         –         $           5.0   $       7.4   $         –   $      12.4
Client deposits(1)                                                                                   3,448.6                       –             –             –       3,448.6
Obligations to securitization entities                                                                     –                 1,106.0       3,667.5          11.7       4,785.2
Leases(2)                                                                                                  –                    28.0         100.6          96.0         224.6
Long-term debt                                                                                             –                   400.0         125.0       1,875.0       2,400.0
Total contractual obligations                                                                    $ 3,448.6           $       1,539.0   $ 3,900.5     $ 1,982.7     $ 10,870.8
(1) Client deposits due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
(2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.


42 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                         C  39
                              • Its loan servicing capabilities;                                             Derivatives
                              • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance                             The Company is exposed to credit risk through
                                and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by                             derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk,
                                the Company; and                                                             to facilitate securitization transactions and to hedge
                              • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively                        market risk related to certain stock-based compensation
                                through a network of mortgage advisors and                                   arrangements. These derivatives are discussed more fully
                                IG Wealth Management advisors as part of a client’s                          under the Market Risk section of this MD&A.
                                IG Living Plan.                                                              To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in
                              In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the                       a gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk
                              terms and nature of securitization transactions as                             if its counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under
                              described below:                                                               these arrangements.
                              • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.6 billion                             The aggregate credit risk exposure related to derivatives
                                (December 31, 2025 – $2.6 billion), the Company is                           that are in a gain position of $56.5 million (December 31,
                                obligated to make timely payment of principal and                            2025 – $71.6 million) does not give effect to any netting
                                coupons irrespective of whether such payments were                           agreements or collateral arrangements. The exposure
                                received from the mortgage borrower. However, as                             to credit risk, considering netting agreements and
                                required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans                           collateral arrangements and including rights to future
                                are insured by an approved insurer.                                          net interest income, was $35.5 million at March 31, 2026
                              • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer                            (December 31, 2025 – $33.7 million).
                                to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling                            Additional information related to the Company’s
                                $2.1 billion (December 31, 2025 – $2.2 billion) is limited                   securitization activities and utilization of derivative
                                to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future                          contracts can be found in Note 6 to the Interim Financial
                                net interest income, the fair values of which were                           Statements and Notes 2, 6, 7 and 23 to the Consolidated
                                $52.6 million (December 31, 2025 – $53.7 million) and                        Financial Statements included in the 2025 Annual Report.
                                $51.7 million (December 31, 2025 – $51.4 million),
                                respectively, at March 31, 2026. Cash reserve accounts                       Market Risk
                                are reflected on the balance sheet, whereas rights to                        This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values
                                future net interest income are not reflected on the                          of the Company’s financial instruments due to changes
                                balance sheet and will be recorded over the life of                          in interest rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.
                                the mortgages.                                                               Interest Rate Risk
                              At March 31, 2026, residential mortgages recorded on                           IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its
                              the balance sheet were 54.9% insured (December 31,                             mortgage portfolio and on certain of the derivative
                              2025 – 52.6%). At March 31, 2026, impaired mortgages                           financial instruments used in our mortgage banking
                              on these portfolios were $5.6 million, compared to                             operations.
                              $5.5 million at December 31, 2025. Uninsured non-
                                                                                                             The Company manages interest rate risk associated with
                              performing mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios
                                                                                                             its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest
                              were $3.2 million at March 31, 2026, compared to
                                                                                                             rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks
                              $3.3 million at December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                             as follows:




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk                       • The Company has in certain instances funded floating
                              on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage                               rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage
                              and Short-Term Income Fund through an agreement                                   Bonds as part of the securitization transactions under
                              to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances                                  the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, the
                              benefiting the funds. These loans are not recorded                                Company is party to a swap whereby it is entitled to
                              on the Company’s balance sheet as the Company has                                 receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage
                              transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of                         principal and is obligated to pay Canada Mortgage
                              ownership associated with these loans.                                            Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value of
                              The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was                            negative $1.4 million (December 31, 2025 – negative
                              $0.6 million at March 31, 2026, compared to $0.7 million                          $4.4 million) and an outstanding notional amount of
                              at December 31, 2025.                                                             $0.3 billion at March 31, 2026 (December 31, 2025 –


                                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 43
                                   C  40                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
   $0.2 billion). The Company enters into interest rate                                   The Company sponsors a number of deferred
   swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to                                      compensation arrangements where payments to
   hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on floating                              participants are deferred and linked to the performance
   rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline. The                                   of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. The
   fair value of these swaps totalled negative $2.1 million                               Company hedges its exposure to this risk through the
   (December 31, 2025 – negative $0.3 million), on                                        use of forward agreements and total return swaps.
   an outstanding notional amount of $1.3 billion at
                                                                                          Foreign Exchange Risk
   March 31, 2026 (December 31, 2025 – $1.2 billion). The
   net fair value of these swaps of negative $3.5 million                                 IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
   at March 31, 2026 (December 31, 2025 – negative                                        investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to
   $4.7 million) is recorded on the balance sheet and                                     the carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange
   has an outstanding notional amount of $1.6 billion                                     rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income.
   (December 31, 2025 – $1.4 billion).                                                    As at March 31, 2026, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
                                                                                          Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
• The Company is exposed to the impact that changes
                                                                                          decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of
  in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages
                                                                                          foreign investments by approximately $122.0 million
  committed to or held pending sale or securitization
                                                                                          ($134.8 million).
  to long-term funding sources. The Company enters
  into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate                                     The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and
  risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by                                     Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share
  the Company pending sale or securitization. Hedge                                       of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of
  accounting is applied to the cost of funds on certain                                   Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange
  securitization activities. The effective portion of fair                                rates. For the period ended March 31, 2026, the impact
  value changes of the associated interest rate swaps are                                 to net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in
  initially recognized in Other comprehensive income                                      Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would
  and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management                                        decrease (increase) the Company’s proportionate share
  revenue over the term of the related Obligations to                                     of associates’ earnings by approximately $1.6 million
  securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps                                  ($1.7 million).
  was $0.5 million (December 31, 2025 – negative
  $0.1 million) on an outstanding notional amount of                                      Emerging Risks
  $121.0 million at March 31, 2026 (December 31, 2025 –                                   The following risks have been updated to reflect
  $157.2 million).                                                                        emerging risks impacting the Company.
As at March 31, 2026, the impact to annual net earnings
of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would                                     Technology and Cyber Risk
have been a decrease of approximately $1.4 million                                        This is the risk of failure or inappropriate usage of
(December 31, 2025 – increase of $0.2 million).                                           information and technology that enables business
The Company’s exposure to and management of                                               operations and strategies which may result in business
interest rate risk have not changed materially since                                      disruption and missed opportunities.
December 31, 2025.
                                                                                          Technology underpins our business operations and the
Equity Price Risk                                                                         client, employee and advisor experience. As a result,




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our                                      we are exposed to cybersecurity risks such as identity
equity investments which are classified as either FVTOCI                                  theft, compromise of technology systems and malicious
or FVTPL, and on our investments in associates, which are                                 software attacks. As the financial services industry adopts
accounted for using the equity method. The fair value                                     artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance productivity and
of other investments was $2.5 billion at March 31, 2026                                   client experience, threat actors may also use these tools
(December 31, 2025 – $2.5 billion), as shown in Table                                     to increase the sophistication and scale of cyberattacks.
20, and the carrying value of investment in associates                                    Globally, the volume of these activities has increased
was $3.8 billion at March 31, 2026 (December 31, 2025 –                                   and could compromise confidential information of the
$3.8 billion).                                                                            Company and its clients or other stakeholders and result
                                                                                          in other negative consequences including lost revenue,
                                                                                          litigation, regulatory scrutiny or reputational damage.


44 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                        C  41
                              Our technology risk management policy provides a                            role in assisting investors in maintaining perspective and
                              framework for managing technology risk, alongside                           focus on their long-term objectives.
                              enterprise-wide cybersecurity programs, benchmarking
                              of capabilities to sound industry practices, and threat and                 Competitive Risk
                              vulnerability assessment and response capabilities, which                   This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts
                              together provide resiliency in addressing this risk.                        on IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or
                                                                                                          service performance, quality or breadth.
                              General Business Conditions
                                                                                                          IGM Financial, including its subsidiaries and strategic
                              This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts                  investments, operate in a highly competitive
                              on IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other                        environment, competing with other financial service
                              external factors relating to the marketplace.                               providers, investment managers and product and
                              Global economic conditions, changes in financial                            service types. Client development and retention
                              markets, as well as inflation, could impact the labour and                  can be influenced by a number of factors, including
                              housing market and could potentially have a broader                         investment performance, products and services offered
                              effect on investor confidence, income levels and savings.                   by competitors, relative service levels, relative pricing,
                              In addition, geopolitical risk, ongoing trade tensions,                     product attributes, reputation and actions taken by
                              including tariffs (and the threat of increased tariffs)                     competitors. The Company’s performance depends in
                              and other governmental actions (including retaliatory                       part on its ability to evaluate, adopt and govern new
                              measures), and other factors can influence inflation,                       technologies, including AI-enabled capabilities. Failure
                              interest rates, global economic growth, and business                        to do so, or adverse outcomes arising from the use of
                              conditions in markets in which the Company operates.                        such technologies by the Company or its competitors,
                              Global markets are currently exposed to the heightened                      could impact the Company’s competitive position.
                              economic uncertainty related to tariffs and counter-                        These factors could have an adverse impact upon the
                              tariffs introduced by several countries. These conditions                   Company’s financial position and operating results.
                              could result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s products                   We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent
                              and services and/or result in investors redeeming their                     financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients
                              investments. These factors may also affect the level                        with a high level of service and support and a broad
                              and volatility of financial markets and the value of the                    range of investment products, with a focus on building
                              Company’s AUM, as described more fully under the Risks                      enduring relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries also
                              Related to AUM&A section of this MD&A.                                      continually review their respective product and service
                              To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating                      offering and pricing to ensure competitiveness in the
                              subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores                     marketplace. We strive to deliver strong investment
                              the importance of financial planning across economic                        performance on our products relative to benchmarks
                              cycles. The Company and the industry continue to                            and peers. The Company recognizes the importance
                              take steps to educate Canadian investors on the merits                      of pursuing AI in a responsible manner and is focused
                              of financial planning, diversification and long-term                        on evaluating and integrating these capabilities into
                              investing. In periods of volatility, Wealth Management                      our operations to support our competitive position
                              advisors and independent financial advisors play a key                      where appropriate.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 45
                                   C  42                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates                                                  of derecognition for financial liabilities settled through
                                                                                          electronic payment systems.
There were no changes to the Company’s assumptions
related to critical accounting estimates from those                                       The amendments did not have a material impact
reported at December 31, 2025.                                                            on the Company’s Interim Financial Statements.


Changes in Accounting Policies                                                            Future Accounting Changes
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial                                         The Company continuously monitors the changes
Instruments: Disclosures – Amendments                                                     proposed by the International Accounting Standards
As of January 1, 2026, the Company has adopted the                                        Board (IASB) and analyzes the effect that changes in
amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7. The amendments                                           the standards may have on the Company’s operations.
introduce additional disclosures intended to enhance                                      The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects
transparency around changes in fair value of equity                                       which will result in changes to existing IFRS standards
instruments designated at FVTOCI, and clarify the timing                                  that may affect the Company. Updates will be provided
                                                                                          as the projects develop.




Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
During the first quarter of 2026, there have been no                                      likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control
changes in the Company’s internal control over financial                                  over financial reporting.
reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably




Other Information
Transactions with Related Parties                                                         SEDAR
There were no changes to the types of related party                                       Additional information relating to IGM Financial,
transactions from those reported at December 31,                                          including the Company’s most recent financial
2025. For further information on transactions involving                                   statements and Annual Information Form, is available
related parties, see Notes 3, 10 and 28 to the Company’s                                  at www.sedarplus.ca.
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2025
Annual Report.




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Outstanding Share Data
Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as at
March 31, 2026 totalled 233,326,616. Outstanding
stock options as at March 31, 2026 totalled 4,734,754 of
which 2,525,591 were exercisable. As at April 30, 2026,
outstanding common shares totalled 232,454,705 and
outstanding stock options totalled 4,663,265 of which
2,454,102 were exercisable.



46 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                         C  43
                              Interim Condensed Consolidated
                              Financial Statements (Unaudited)
                              Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)
                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                               2026        2025
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management (Note 3)                                                                                                                      $      729,733 $   639,484

                               Asset management                                                                                                                                       275,442     257,932
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                                            (87,054)    (85,092)
                               Net asset management (Note 3)                                                                                                                          188,388     172,840

                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                                         10,379       7,732
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 7)                                                                                                    69,403      55,743
                                                                                                                                                                                      997,903     875,799
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                                                                      338,530     301,255
                               Operations and support                                                                                                                                 231,632     214,365
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                                            28,128      23,164
                               Interest                                                                                                                                                32,064      31,974
                                                                                                                                                                                      630,354     570,758
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                            367,549     305,041
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                                             82,238      69,600
                              Net earnings                                                                                                                                            285,311     235,441
                              Non-controlling interest (Note 7)                                                                                                                        (1,495)     (1,664)
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                    $      283,816 $   233,777
                              Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 14)
                                – Basic                                                                                                                                        $         1.21 $      0.99
                                – Diluted                                                                                                                                      $         1.20 $      0.98
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                        47
                                    C  44                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
Three months ended March 31                                                                                                       2026              2025

Net earnings                                                                                                                $   285,311 $     235,441

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
 Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
   Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
    Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 4), net of tax of $(134) and $(2,060)                                                  862         13,195
   Employee benefits
    Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $2,609 and $165                                                                  (7,099)            (447)
   Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
    Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                                           539               379

  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
    Investment in associates and other
     Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $(7,625) and $(508)                                                        56,015        20,311
                                                                                                                                 50,317        33,438
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                      335,628       268,879
Non-controlling interest                                                                                                         (1,495)        (1,664)
Total comprehensive income available to common shareholders                                                                 $   334,133 $     267,215
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




48 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                   C  45
                              Consolidated Balance Sheets
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                                                                                                  March 31     December 31
                                                                                                                                                                                     2026            2025
                              Assets
                              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                  $       1,150,269 $      1,274,211
                              Other investments (Note 4)                                                                                                                         2,541,119        2,522,120
                              Client funds on deposit                                                                                                                            3,474,172        4,316,736
                              Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                                       342,286          292,050
                              Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                                              14,102           13,396
                              Loans (Note 5)                                                                                                                                     5,176,472        5,262,064
                              Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                      55,400           69,961
                              Other assets                                                                                                                                         168,122          183,478
                              Investment in associates (Note 7)                                                                                                                  3,799,469        3,753,535
                              Capital assets                                                                                                                                       346,084          343,753
                              Capitalized sales commissions                                                                                                                        446,953          440,784
                              Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                                  1,757            2,206
                              Intangible assets                                                                                                                                  1,288,403        1,290,685
                              Goodwill                                                                                                                                           2,636,771        2,636,771
                              Total assets                                                                                                                               $     21,441,379 $      22,401,750

                              Liabilities
                              Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                                   $         455,632 $        570,358
                              Income taxes payable                                                                                                                                  13,558           29,123
                              Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                      12,393           15,150
                              Client deposits                                                                                                                                    3,448,617        4,299,128
                              Other liabilities                                                                                                                                    374,027          355,460
                              Obligations to securitization entities (Note 6)                                                                                                    4,785,215        4,815,312
                              Lease obligations                                                                                                                                    165,262          165,210
                              Deferred income taxes                                                                                                                                717,664          713,725
                              Long-term debt                                                                                                                                     2,400,000        2,400,000
                              Total liabilities                                                                                                                                12,372,368        13,363,466

                              Equity
                              Share capital
                               Common shares                                                                                                                                     1,885,707        1,867,055
                              Contributed surplus                                                                                                                                   48,856           50,718
                              Retained earnings                                                                                                                                  5,129,653        5,166,596
                              Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                      1,909,343        1,859,958
                              Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                         8,973,559        8,944,327
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                              95,452           93,957
                              Total equity                                                                                                                                       9,069,011        9,038,284




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Total liabilities and equity                                                                                                               $     21,441,379 $      22,401,750

                              These interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on May 7, 2026.

                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                        49
                                     C  46                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                         Share                                                  Accumulated
                                                                        capital                                                   other com-
                                                                   – Common                                                       prehensive          Non-
                                                                        shares           Contributed              Retained      income (loss)   controlling        Total
Three months ended March 31                                           (Note 8)                surplus             earnings          (Note 11)      interest       equity
2026
Balance, beginning of period                                     $ 1,867,055 $                  50,718 $ 5,166,596 $ 1,859,958 $                   93,957 $ 9,038,284
Net earnings                                                                      –                     –           283,816               –          1,495      285,311
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                     –                     –                 –          50,317              –       50,317
Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                 –                     –           283,816          50,317          1,495      335,628
Common shares
 Issued under stock option plan                                           41,295                        –                   –             –              –        41,295
 Purchased for cancellation                                              (22,643)                       –                   –             –              –       (22,643)
Stock options
 Current period expense                                                           –                884                   –                –              –            884
 Exercised                                                                        –             (2,746)                  –                –              –         (2,746)
Common share dividends                                                            –                  –            (144,680)               –              –      (144,680)
Transfer out of fair value through other
comprehensive income                                                              –                     –              932             (932)             –             –
Common share cancellation excess and other                                        –                     –         (177,011)               –              –      (177,011)
Balance, end of period                                           $ 1,885,707 $                  48,856 $ 5,129,653 $ 1,909,343 $                   95,452 $ 9,069,011

2025
Balance, beginning of period                                     $ 1,785,233 $                  54,589 $ 4,890,896 $ 1,070,057 $                   69,631 $ 7,870,406
Net earnings                                                                      –                     –           233,777               –          1,664      235,441
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                                     –                     –                 –          33,438              –       33,438
Total comprehensive income (loss)                                                 –                     –           233,777          33,438          1,664      268,879
Common shares
 Issued under stock option plan                                           28,705                        –                   –             –              –        28,705
 Purchased for cancellation                                              (13,250)                       –                   –             –              –       (13,250)
Stock options
 Current period expense                                                           –                 865                   –               –              –            865
 Exercised                                                                        –              (1,709)                  –               –              –         (1,709)
Common share dividends                                                            –                   –            (133,213)              –              –      (133,213)
Increase of non-controlling interest                                              –                   –                   –               –          2,200          2,200
Transfer out of fair value through other
comprehensive income                                                              –                     –                 3               (3)            –             –
Common share cancellation excess and other                                        –                     –           (66,470)               –             –       (66,470)
Balance, end of period                                           $ 1,800,688 $                  53,745 $ 4,924,993 $ 1,103,492 $                   73,495 $ 7,956,413
(See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




50 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                     C  47
                              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                              (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                  2026          2025
                              Operating activities
                               Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                                     $      367,549 $      305,041
                               Income taxes paid                                                                                                                                       (96,006)      (102,807)
                               Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
                                Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                                                30,487         27,811
                                Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                                                      (36,815)       (34,212)
                                Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                                                     24,422         24,808
                                Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                                                  (54,572)       (42,240)
                                Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                                                1,069          1,138
                                Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                                                   (94,394)     (102,342)
                                Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                                                 141,740         77,197
                                Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                                                     (274)        (7,117)
                                                                                                                                                                                       141,466         70,080
                              Financing activities
                               Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                                                       380,778       285,363
                               Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                                                          (408,506)     (284,939)
                               Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                                                             (5,237)        (5,882)
                               Issue of common shares                                                                                                                                    38,549         26,997
                               Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                                                (185,442)       (78,784)
                               Common share dividends paid                                                                                                                             (132,359)     (133,817)
                                                                                                                                                                                       (312,217)     (191,062)
                              Investing activities
                               Purchase of other investments                                                                                                                             (34,474)      (15,809)
                               Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                                                19,407        16,026
                               Increase in loans                                                                                                                                       (424,206)     (389,725)
                               Repayment of loans and other                                                                                                                             505,673       393,130
                               Net additions to capital assets                                                                                                                             (7,771)       (7,679)
                               Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                                                (11,820)      (13,014)
                                                                                                                                                                                         46,809       (17,071)
                              Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                    (123,942)     (138,053)
                              Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                                                                          1,274,211       910,278
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                                                          $ 1,150,269 $        772,225

                              Cash                                                                                                                                              $      730,116 $     596,151
                              Cash equivalents                                                                                                                                         420,153       176,074
                                                                                                                                                                                $ 1,150,269 $        772,225
                              Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                  $        71,716 $      70,988
                               Interest paid                                                                                                                                    $        70,915 $      74,444
                              (See accompanying notes to interim condensed consolidated financial statements)




                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                             51
                                    C  48                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
March 31, 2026 (unaudited) (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)


Note 1. Corporate information

IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The
registered address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled
by Power Corporation of Canada (Power).
IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through
its principal subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The
Company’s wholly-owned principal subsidiaries are IGWM Inc. and Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie).


Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

The unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company (Interim Financial Statements)
have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial Reporting, using the
accounting policies as set out in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31,
2025. The Interim Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements in
the 2025 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.

Changes in accounting policies
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures – Amendments
As of January 1, 2026, the Company has adopted the amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7. The amendments introduce
additional disclosures intended to enhance transparency around changes in fair value of equity instruments designated
at FVTOCI, and clarify the timing of derecognition for financial liabilities settled through electronic payment systems.
The amendments did not have material impact on the Company’s Interim Financial Statements.

Comparative figures
The Company reclassified certain comparative figures in its Consolidated Statements of Earnings to conform to the
current year’s presentation which resulted in prior year expenses being reclassified from Operations and support to
Sub-advisory. The reclassifications are intended to provide additional details on the nature of the Company’s expense
categorizations and had no impact on the net earnings of the Company.

Future accounting changes
The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
analyzes the effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.




                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




52   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6      C  49
                              Note 3. Revenues from contracts with customers

                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                      2026          2025
                              Advisory fees                                                                                                                           $      385,194 $    342,073
                              Product and program fees                                                                                                                       292,899      260,603
                                                                                                                                                                             678,093      602,676
                              Other financial planning revenues                                                                                                               51,640       36,808
                              Wealth management                                                                                                                              729,733      639,484
                              Asset management                                                                                                                               275,442      257,932
                              Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                                    (87,054)     (85,092)
                              Net asset management                                                                                                                           188,388      172,840
                              Net revenues from contracts with customers                                                                                              $      918,121 $    812,324

                              Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial
                              services. Advisory fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement.
                              Product and program fees, related to investment management and administration services, are associated with
                              assets under management. Other financial planning revenues include insurance, banking products and services,
                              and mortgage lending activities.
                              Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends
                              on the level and composition of assets under management.


                              Note 4. Other investments

                                                                                                                                          March 31, 2026                      December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                     Cost          Fair value                   Cost     Fair value
                              Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
                               Corporate investments                                                                     $      403,662 $ 2,413,164                    $     403,284 $ 2,412,868
                              Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
                               Equity securities                                                                                      2                     2                      2            2
                               Proprietary investment funds                                                                     127,434               127,953                107,680      109,250
                                                                                                                                127,436               127,955                107,682      109,252
                                                                                                                         $      531,098 $ 2,541,119                    $     510,966 $ 2,522,120

                              Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and
                              managing client money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership
                              controlled by Power and economic interest is presented net of certain partnership costs. The investment is classified
                              at FVTOCI.
                              IGM Financial Inc. holds a 25.4% economic interest in Wealthsimple (December 31, 2025 – 25.5%) calculated using the




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              treasury method which includes options that are in the money and assumes option proceeds are used to repurchase
                              shares. The Company holds a 22.3% fully diluted economic interest (December 31, 2025 – 22.3%).
                              At March 31, 2026, the fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple, net of certain partnership costs, was
                              $2,258 million, unchanged from December 31, 2025. The fair value considers transactions which closed in the fourth
                              quarter of 2025, public market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business performance and revenue expectations.
                              Fair value is determined by using observable transactions in the investments’ securities where available, discounted cash
                              flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable public companies.




                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                   53
                                    C  50                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Note 5. Loans

                                                                                                         Contractual maturity
                                                                                                                                      March 31      December 31
                                                                                          1 year                1–5       Over           2026             2025
                                                                                          or less               years   5 years          Total            Total
Amortized cost
 Residential mortgages                                                             $ 1,126,672 $ 4,005,440 $ 10,005               $   5,142,117 $      5,262,769
Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                                 648                705
                                                                                                                                      5,141,469        5,262,064
Fair value through profit or loss                                                                                                       35,003                   –
                                                                                                                                  $   5,176,472 $      5,262,064
The change in the allowance for expected credit losses
is as follows:
 Balance, beginning of period                                                                                                     $        705 $              783
 Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                                              (77)              (187)
 Change in expected credit losses                                                                                                           20                109
 Balance, end of period                                                                                                           $        648 $              705

Total credit impaired loans as at March 31, 2026 were $5.6 million (December 31, 2025 – $5.5 million).
Total interest income on loans was $52.9 million (2025 – $53.3 million). Total interest expense on obligations to
securitization entities, related to securitized loans, was $44.3 million (2025 – $47.1 million). Gains realized on the sale
of residential mortgages totalled $1.6 million (2025 – $1.2 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking
operations totalled positive $0.7 million (2025 – negative $0.8 million). These amounts were included in Wealth
management revenue. Wealth management revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including
portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.


Note 6. Securitizations

The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC)
sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB)
Program and through Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions
do not meet the requirements for derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of
credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting
liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.
The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of
the CMB transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and
receives investment returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this
swap, related to the obligation to pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal,




                                                                                                                                                                      PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
and the hedging swap used to manage exposure to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as
derivatives with a fair value of negative $3.5 million at March 31, 2026 (December 31, 2025 – negative $4.7 million).
All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer
under the program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement
which are recorded at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts
have no recourse to the Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.




54 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                 C  51
                                                                                                                                                                                           Obligations
                                                                                                                                                                                                       to
                                                                                                                                                                  Securitized              securitization
                                                                                                                                                                  mortgages                    entities        Net
                              March 31, 2026
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                          $ 2,614,723 $ 2,629,540 $                   (14,817)
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                                2,123,474   2,155,675                     (32,201)
                               Total                                                                                                                            $ 4,738,197 $ 4,785,215 $                   (47,018)
                              Fair value                                                                                                                        $ 4,871,787 $ 4,908,947 $                   (37,160)

                              December 31, 2025
                              Carrying value
                               NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                                                          $ 2,580,268 $ 2,597,439 $                   (17,171)
                               Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                                                                2,179,719   2,217,873                     (38,154)
                               Total                                                                                                                            $ 4,759,987 $ 4,815,312 $                   (55,325)
                              Fair value                                                                                                                        $ 4,890,342 $ 4,916,463 $                   (26,121)

                              The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal
                              payments received on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue
                              costs are amortized over the life of the obligation on an effective interest rate basis.


                              Note 7. Investment in associates

                                                                                                  Great West          ChinaAMC             Rockefeller             Northleaf                    Other         Total
                              March 31, 2026
                              Balance, beginning of period                                    $     670,005 $ 2,081,216 $                       480,679 $             471,901 $                49,734 $ 3,753,535
                              Dividends                                                              (14,831)   (61,480)                              –                     –                       –     (76,311)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                      29,806                34,612                 (1,783)               7,477 (1)                (709)     69,403
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and
                               other adjustments                                                     (14,699)               59,264                  8,277                       –                    –      52,842
                              Balance, end of period                                          $      670,281 $ 2,113,612 $                      487,173 $             479,378 $                49,025 $ 3,799,469
                              March 31, 2025
                              Balance, beginning of period                                    $      633,475 $ 2,030,081 $                      903,208 $             353,565 $                59,415 $ 3,979,744
                              Additions                                                                    –           –                              –                11,000                       –      11,000
                              Dividends                                                              (13,503)    (66,004)                             –                     –                       –     (79,507)
                              Proportionate share of:
                               Earnings (losses)                                                      20,535                30,602                 (4,350)                8,321 (1)                635      55,743
                               Other comprehensive income (loss) and
                               other adjustments                                                      16,244                  8,358                (1,161)               (3,296)                     –      20,145




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Balance, end of period                                          $      656,751 $ 2,003,037 $                      897,697 $             369,590 $                60,050 $ 3,987,125
                              (1) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings net of Non-controlling interest was $5,982 (2025 – $6,657).


                              The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Great-West Lifeco
                              Inc. (Great West), China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller), and
                              Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence.




                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                  55
                                     C  52                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Note 8. Share capital

Authorized
   Unlimited number of:
    First preferred shares, issuable in series
    Second preferred shares, issuable in series
    Class 1 non-voting shares
    Common shares, no par value

Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                                        March 31, 2026              March 31, 2025
                                                                                                            Shares        Stated value        Shares      Stated value
Common shares:
 Balance, beginning of period                                                                       235,137,873 $            1,867,055    237,878,838 $     1,785,233
 Issued under Stock Option Plan                                                                       1,018,743                 41,295        689,326          28,705
 Purchased for cancellation                                                                          (2,830,000)               (22,643)    (1,754,700)        (13,250)
 Balance, end of period                                                                             233,326,616 $            1,885,707    236,813,464 $     1,800,688


Normal course issuer bid
On December 23, 2025, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until
December 22, 2026, when the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant
to the notice of intention filed with the TSX. Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 11.8 million or
5.0% of its common shares outstanding as at December 9, 2025. On December 23, 2024, the Company commenced
an NCIB, effective until December 22, 2025, which authorized it to purchase up to 5.0 million or 2.1% of its common
shares outstanding as at December 9, 2024. On November 13, 2025, the Company amended its NCIB to increase
the maximum number of common shares that can be repurchased to 6.0 million shares or 2.5% of its common shares
outstanding as at December 9, 2024.
In the three months ended March 31, 2026, there were 2,830,000 shares (2025 – 1,754,700) purchased at a cost
of $185.4 million (2025 – $78.8 million). The premium paid to purchase the shares in excess of the stated value
was charged to Retained earnings.
In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common shares.
The automatic securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common shares are
to be purchased under the NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to pre-established
parameters. Outside of these pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Company’s NCIB will be
completed based upon management’s discretion.


Note 9. Capital management




                                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
The capital management policies, procedures and activities of the Company are discussed in the Capital Resources
section of the Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the First Quarter 2026 Report to
Shareholders and in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2025 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report
and have not changed significantly since December 31, 2025.




56 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                      C  53
                              Note 10. Share-based payments

                              Stock option plan
                                                                                                                                                                            March 31 December 31
                                                                                                                                                                               2026        2025
                              Common share options
                               – Outstanding                                                                                                                                4,734,754    5,427,636
                               – Exercisable                                                                                                                                2,525,591    2,654,864

                              In the three months ended March 31, 2026, the Company granted 337,040 options to employees (2025 – 538,146). The
                              weighted-average fair value of options granted during the three months ended March 31, 2026, has been estimated
                              at $13.31 per option (2025 – $6.58) using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted-average closing share
                              price at the grant date was $68.80.
                              Other assumptions used in these valuation methods include:
                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                     2026         2025
                              Exercise price                                                                                                                      $           66.48  $     44.55
                              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                                          3.10%        3.09%
                              Expected option life                                                                                                                          7 years      7 years
                              Expected volatility                                                                                                                             24.00%       24.00%
                              Expected dividend yield                                                                                                                          3.60%        4.98%

                              Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years
                              which is reflective of the expected option life. Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and
                              are exercisable no later than 10 years after the grant date.


                              Note 11. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                                                       Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                 in
                                                                                                                              Employee                 Other             associates
                                                                                                                               benefits          investments            and other            Total
                              March 31, 2026
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                $        22,800 $ 1,739,295 $                        97,863 $ 1,859,958
                              Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                    (7,099)        862                          56,554      50,317
                              Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                    –        (932)                              –        (932)
                              Balance, end of period                                                                      $        15,701 $ 1,739,225 $                       154,417 $ 1,909,343

                              March 31, 2025
                              Balance, beginning of period                                                                $        34,075 $            917,297 $              118,685 $ 1,070,057
                              Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                      (447)              13,195                 20,690      33,438




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                                    –                   (3)                     –          (3)
                              Balance, end of period                                                                      $        33,628 $            930,489 $              139,375 $ 1,103,492

                              Amounts are recorded net of tax.




                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                   57
                                   C  54                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Note 12. Risk management

The risk management policies and procedures of the Company are discussed in the Financial Risk section of the
Company’s Management’s Discussion and Analysis contained in the First Quarter 2026 Report to Shareholders and in
Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2025 IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report and have not changed
significantly since December 31, 2025.


Note 13. Fair value of financial instruments

Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and
may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of
significant judgment.
All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of
three levels that distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.
Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the
most advantageous market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level
input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
     Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
     Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;
               quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other
               than quoted prices that are observable or corroborated by observable market data; and
     Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are
               primarily model-based.
Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may
be characterized by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or
erratic bid/offer spreads. In those instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is
measured using valuation models which may utilize predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize
predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management considers all reasonably available information
including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments, recent arm’s length market
transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management exercises
judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the
selection of valuation methodologies.
Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:
   Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active
   markets, when available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that
   require assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible,




                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
   observable market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.
   Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.
   Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.
   Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions
   with arm’s length third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.
   Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing
   market yields for securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.
   Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.
   Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market
   rates for instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

58 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6    C  55
                              Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and
                              other financial liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.
                              Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments and long-term
                              debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
                              quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined using valuation models, discounted cash flow
                              methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term debt is
                              determined using indicative broker quotes.
                              Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes,
                              loans, other financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial
                              instruments consist of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap entered into
                              under the CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment
                              returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the projected cash
                              flows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used to determine the fair value of the swap, is determined
                              using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on historical prepayment patterns. An increase
                              (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional amount of the swap. Level 3
                              Other investments of $2,413 million are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial technology companies,
                              including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $2,258 million. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions
                              in the investments’ securities, where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue
                              multiples, used in the valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease) to forecasted cash flows or
                              revenue multiples would result in an increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple of
                              approximately $113 million.
                              The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including
                              their levels in the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value
                              and those recorded at amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial
                              liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items
                              include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other financial
                              assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, client deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                59
                                   C  56                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
                                                                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                               Carrying
                                                                                                  value                  Level 1       Level 2     Level 3           Total
 March 31, 2026
 Financial assets recorded at fair value
  Other investments
    – FVTOCI                                                                               $ 2,413,164           $             – $          – $ 2,413,164 $ 2,413,164
    – FVTPL                                                                                    127,955                   127,955            –           –     127,955
  Loans
    – FVTPL                                                                                       35,003                      –        35,003           –        35,003
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                55,400                      –        51,673       3,727        55,400
 Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
  Loans
    – Amortized cost                                                                          5,141,469                       –       401,127    4,871,787    5,272,914
 Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                12,393                      –          7,288      5,105        12,393
 Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
  Obligations to securitization entities                                                      4,785,215                       –              –   4,908,947    4,908,947
  Long-term debt                                                                              2,400,000                       –      2,411,242           –    2,411,242

 December 31, 2025
 Financial assets recorded at fair value
  Other investments
    – FVTOCI                                                                               $ 2,412,868           $             – $          – $ 2,412,868 $ 2,412,868
    – FVTPL                                                                                    109,252                   109,252            –           –     109,252
  Derivative financial instruments                                                              69,961                         –       66,874       3,087      69,961
 Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
  Loans
    – Amortized cost                                                                          5,262,064                       –       499,359    4,890,342    5,389,701
 Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
  Derivative financial instruments                                                                15,150                      –         7,665       7,485        15,150
 Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
  Obligations to securitization entities                                                      4,815,312                       –              –   4,916,463    4,916,463
  Long-term debt                                                                              2,400,000                       –      2,441,727           –    2,441,727

 There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2026 and 2025.




                                                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




60 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                       C  57
                              The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
                              basis. There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2026 and 2025.
                                                                                                                                    Gains (losses)
                                                                                                                                        included
                                                                                                         Gains (losses)                  in Other              Purchases
                                                                                        Balance           included in              comprehensive                     and                                 Balance
                                                                                      January 1          Net earnings (1)                 income               issuances            Settlements          March 31
                              March 31, 2026
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                            $ 2,412,868 $                         – $                       996 $              2,290 $              2,990 $      2,413,164
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                     (4,398)                      2,749                           –                   (8)                (279)          (1,378)

                              March 31, 2025
                              Other investments
                               – FVTOCI                                            $ 1,350,376 $                         – $                  15,251 $                3,009 $                733 $      1,367,903
                              Derivative financial instruments, net                     (3,594)                     (2,555)                        –                    (61)               2,818           (9,028)
                              (1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                              Note 14. Earnings per common share

                              Three months ended March 31                                                                                                                                     2026          2025
                              Earnings
                               Net earnings                                                                                                                                           $    285,311 $ 235,441
                               Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                                     (1,495)   (1,664)
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                          $    283,816 $ 233,777
                              Number of common shares (in thousands)
                               Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                                        234,153       237,269
                               Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                                                                       1,656           964
                               Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                                                                 235,809       238,233
                              Earnings per common share (in dollars)
                               Basic                                                                                                                                                  $        1.21 $        0.99
                               Diluted                                                                                                                                                $        1.20 $        0.98
                              (1) Excludes 74 thousand shares for the three months ended March 31, 2026, related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2025 – 107 thousand).




                              Note 15. Contingent liabilities

                              The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed
                              class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
                              that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action
                              was certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class action concerning the same subject matter




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              was filed against Mackenzie.
                              In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
                              compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The
                              Company has notified impacted clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost for all clients. Four proposed class
                              actions have been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident, one of which was certified in October 2025.
                              Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
                              does not expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect
                              on the Company’s consolidated financial position.




                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                61
                                     C  58                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Note 16. Segmented information

The Company’s reportable segments are:
• Wealth Management
• Asset Management
• Corporate and Other
These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
• Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused
  on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
  of IG Wealth Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its
  investment dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. A majority of the
  revenues of this segment are derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial products and services
  to Canadian households. This segment also includes the investment management activities of these organizations,
  including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services. This segment also includes
  the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is classified as an investment in
  associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share of earnings included in revenue.
  Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for at FVTOCI and therefore has no impact on the
  segment earnings.
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
  providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which
  provides investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third party
  dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions
  and other institutional investors. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC
  and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates and accounted for using the equity method.
  The proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the segment’s revenue.
• Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Great West and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s
  unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.




                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




62 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6    C  59
                              2026
                                                                                                   Wealth               Asset              Corporate                 Total
                              Three months ended March 31                                     Management          Management               and Other              Segment           Adjustments (1)       Total
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                          $      734,747 $                       – $            (5,014) $          729,733 $                   – $     729,733

                               Asset management                                                            –           303,121                (27,679)             275,442                     –       275,442
                               Dealer compensation                                                         –           (85,053)                 (2,001)            (87,054)                    –       (87,054)
                               Net asset management                                                        –           218,068                (29,680)             188,388                     –       188,388

                               Net investment income and other                                       2,860                1,778                 5,741                10,379                   –         10,379
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                          (2,492)              42,089                30,249                69,846                (443)        69,403
                                                                                                 735,115               261,935                   1,296             998,346                 (443)       997,903
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                 311,464                27,068                      (2)            338,530                     –       338,530
                               Operations and support                                            126,224               104,985                    423              231,632                     –       231,632
                               Sub-advisory                                                       58,139                 4,682                (34,693)              28,128                     –        28,128
                                                                                                 495,827               136,735                (34,272)             598,290                     –       598,290
                                                                                                 239,288               125,200                 35,568              400,056                 (443)       399,613
                              Interest expense(2)                                                 25,656                 6,408                      –               32,064                    –         32,064
                              Earnings before income taxes                                       213,632               118,792                 35,568              367,992                 (443)       367,549
                              Income taxes                                                        57,570                23,243                  1,425               82,238                    –         82,238
                                                                                                 156,062                 95,549                34,143              285,754                 (443)       285,311
                              Non-controlling interest                                                 –                 (1,495)                    –               (1,495)                   –         (1,495)
                                                                                          $      156,062 $               94,054 $              34,143              284,259                 (443)       283,816
                              Great West other items(1)                                                                                                                 (443)               443              –
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                 $      283,816 $                   – $     283,816

                              Identifiable assets                                         $ 12,903,506 $ 4,080,564 $ 1,820,538 $ 18,804,608 $                                                  – $ 18,804,608
                              Goodwill                                                         1,346,245            1,290,526                          –        2,636,771                      –      2,636,771
                              Total assets                                                $ 14,249,751 $ 5,371,090 $ 1,820,538 $ 21,441,379 $                                                  – $ 21,441,379
                              (1) The proportionate share of Great West other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These items have been
                                  adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                              63
                                     C  60                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
2025
                                                                          Wealth                Asset             Corporate              Total
Three months ended March 31                                           Management          Management              and Other           Segment     Adjustments (1)           Total
Revenues
 Wealth management                                                $      642,831 $                       – $           (3,347) $      639,484 $              – $      639,484

  Asset management                                                                 –           284,441               (26,509)         257,932                –        257,932
  Dealer compensation                                                              –           (83,732)                (1,360)        (85,092)               –        (85,092)
  Net asset management                                                             –           200,709               (27,869)         172,840                –        172,840

  Net investment income and other                                            2,027                1,465                4,240            7,732               –           7,732
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                               (3,715)              38,923               24,520           59,728          (3,985)         55,743
                                                                         641,143               241,097                 (2,456)        879,784          (3,985)        875,799
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                       275,059                 26,198                    (2)        301,255                –        301,255
 Operations and support                                                  117,893                 95,655                  817          214,365                –        214,365
 Sub-advisory                                                             51,537                  2,843              (31,216)          23,164                –         23,164
                                                                         444,489               124,696               (30,401)         538,784                –        538,784
                                                                         196,654               116,401                27,945          341,000          (3,985)        337,015
Interest expense(2)                                                       25,517                 6,457                     –           31,974               –          31,974
Earnings before income taxes                                             171,137               109,944                27,945          309,026          (3,985)        305,041
Income taxes                                                              46,874                21,800                   926           69,600               –          69,600
                                                                         124,263                 88,144               27,019          239,426          (3,985)        235,441
Non-controlling interest                                                       –                 (1,664)                   –           (1,664)              –          (1,664)
                                                                  $      124,263 $               86,480 $             27,019          237,762          (3,985)        233,777
Great West other items(1)                                                                                                               (3,985)         3,985                  –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                    $    233,777 $              – $      233,777

Identifiable assets                                               $ 12,346,325 $ 3,851,092 $ 1,390,997 $ 17,588,414 $                                        – $ 17,588,414
Goodwill                                                               1,346,245            1,290,526                        –       2,636,771               –       2,636,771
Total assets                                                      $ 13,692,570 $ 5,141,618 $ 1,390,997 $ 20,225,185 $                                        – $ 20,225,185
(1) The proportionate share of Great West other items is not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded from segment results. These items have been
    adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




64 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2026 FIRST QUARTER REPORT | NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6                                          C  61
Page intentionally left blank.




     C  62                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA — F I R S T Q U A R T E R R E P O R T 2 0 2 6
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.                                 Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:

Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;

Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                   www.investorcentre.com
Subordinate Voting Shares:          POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Shareholder Services
First Preferred Shares, Series H: POW.PR.H                         320 Bay Street, 14th Floor
First Preferred Shares, Series I: POW.PR.I                         Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 4A6
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
