   ANNUAL
MANAGEMENT’S
 DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
     MA RC H 1 8 , 20 26




CONSOLIDATED
  FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS
  AND NOTES
  F OR T H E Y E A R E NDE D
    D E C E MB E R 3 1 , 20 25
           Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                              TABLE OF CONTENTS




This document contains management’s discussion and analysis of the
ﬁnancial condition, ﬁnancial performance and cash ﬂows of Power Corporation of
Canada (the Corporation) for the twelve-month and three-month periods ended
December 31, 2025 and the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Corporation as at and for the year ended December 31, 2025. This document
has been ﬁled with the securities regulatory authorities in each of the provinces
and territories of Canada and is available under the Corporation’s proﬁle on
SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Power Corporation of Canada
PART A



Great-West Lifeco Inc.
PART B



IGM Financial Inc.
PART C




                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         1
The trademarks contained in this report are owned by Power Corporation of Canada or by a Member of
the Power Corporation Group of Companies®. Trademarks that are not owned by Power Corporation are
used with permission.




     2                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
           Power Corporation of Canada




                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                PART A




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE A 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE A 98




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA            A  1
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND AN ALYSIS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Abbreviations used throughout this Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) are defined in the section “Abbreviations”.

                                       CAU TIONAR Y STATEMENT R EGARDING F OR WAR D-LOOKING S TATEMENTS
                                       Certain statements in this MD&A, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reflect the Corporation’s current
                                       expectations, or with respect to disclosure regarding the Corporation’s public subsidiaries, reflect such subsidiaries’ current expectations as disclosed in their respective
                                       MD&A. Forward-looking statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the Corporation’s financial performance, financial position and
                                       cash flows as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about management’s current expectations and plans relating to the future, and the
                                       reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include, without limitation, statements regarding the operations,
                                       business, financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects, opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies and outlook of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries including the outlook for North American and international economies for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods, the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB commenced in 2026, statements concerning deferred taxes, the fintech strategy, fundraising activities and investment strategies of the investment platforms, capital
                                       commitments by the Power group and third parties, the expected timing and impact of SHMI’s investment in Unigestion, GBL’s strategy to simplify its portfolio and expected
                                       impact of its partial divestment of GBL Capital’s portfolio, and of its sale of Sienna Gestion, Sienna Private Credit and Sienna Real Estate, GBL’s expected dividend, the
                                       expected impacts of GBL’s and Baird’s investment in SHMI, and the Corporation’s subsidiaries’ disclosed expectations including Lifeco’s NCIB and the Corporation’s
                                       participation therein, and its business transformation and other costs. Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to
                                       future events or conditions, or include words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative
                                       versions thereof and other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                       By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to the possibility that expectations, forecasts,
                                       predictions, projections or conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives, strategic goals and priorities will not be
                                       achieved. A variety of factors, many of which are beyond the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ control, affect the operations, performance and results of the Corporation
                                       and its subsidiaries and their businesses, and could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                                       factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated impact of general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally, fluctuations
                                       in interest rates, inflation and foreign exchange rates, monetary policies, business investment and the health of local and global equity and capital markets, management of
                                       market liquidity and funding risks, risks related to investments in private companies and illiquid securities, risks associated with financial instruments, changes in accounting
                                       policies and methods used to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with significant judgments, estimates and assumptions), the effect of applying
                                       future accounting changes, business competition, operational and reputational risks, technological changes, cybersecurity risks, changes in government administrations,
                                       regulation, legislation and policies, changes in tax laws, the impacts of trade relations, ongoing trade tensions and fiscal policy developments, geopolitical tensions and
                                       related economic impacts, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, or an outbreak
                                       of a public health pandemic or other public health crises, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to complete strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and
                                       implement other growth strategies, the Corporation’s and its subsidiaries’ success in anticipating and managing the foregoing factors, as well as the risks referenced in the
                                       section entitled “Risk Management” herein and in the section entitled “Risk Factors” of the Corporation’s most recent Annual Information Form, and with respect to forward-
                                       looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, the factors identified by such subsidiaries in their respective MD&A.
                                       The reader is cautioned to consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                                       Information contained in forward-looking statements is based upon certain material assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or
                                       projection, including management’s perceptions of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments, and that strategic transactions, acquisitions,
                                       divestitures or other growth or optimization strategies will be completed on expected terms, including that any required approvals will be received when and on such terms
                                       as are expected, as well as other considerations that are believed to be appropriate in the circumstances. Other considerations also include the availability of cash to
                                       complete purchases under the NCIB, that the list of risks and uncertainties in the previous paragraph, collectively, are not expected to have a material impact on the
                                       Corporation, and with respect to forward-looking statements of the Corporation’s subsidiaries disclosed in this MD&A, that the risks identified by such subsidiaries in their
                                       respective MD&A and Annual Information Form are not expected to have a material impact on the Corporation. While the Corporation considers these assumptions to be
                                       reasonable based on information currently available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                       Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
                                       circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or
                                       results, or otherwise.
                                       Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the Corporation’s business and material factors or assumptions on which information contained in forward-
                                       looking statements is based is provided in its disclosure materials, including this MD&A and its most recent Annual Information Form, filed with the securities regulatory
                                       authorities in Canada and available at www.sedarplus.ca.

                                       S TATEMENT R EG AR DING NON- IFRS F INANCIAL MEASUR ES AND OTHER MEAS UR ES
                                       This MD&A contains financial measures (including ratios) that do not have a standard meaning under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Accounting
                                       Standards. Terms by which non-IFRS financial measures are identified include, but are not limited to, “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net
                                       earnings)”, “adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share (adjusted net earnings per share)”, “adjusted net asset value”, “adjusted net asset value per
                                       share”, “consolidated assets under management and advisement”, “consolidated assets and assets under administration” and “fee-related earnings”. Management
                                       uses these financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance, financial condition and cash flows of Power Corporation, and believes that
                                       they provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. These non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable
                                       to similar measures used by other entities. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-IFRS
                                       financial measures to measures prescribed by IFRS as well as additional details on each measure. Reconciliations of the adjusted net asset value and the holding
                                       company balance sheet are also included in the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value”.
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (or adjusted net earnings) represents net earnings from continuing operations excluding Adjustments.
                                       In the first quarter of 2025, the Corporation enhanced the disclosure of the components of consolidated assets and assets under administration to provide greater
                                       visibility of the assets managed within the Corporation’s consolidated businesses. The comparative periods have been restated to conform with the current
                                       presentation.
                                       This MD&A also includes other measures used to discuss activities of the Corporation, its consolidated publicly traded operating companies and alternative asset
                                       investment platforms including, but not limited to, “assets under management”, “assets under administration”, “assets under management and advisement”, “assets
                                       under management and advisement including strategic investments”, “book value per participating share”, “capital commitments”, “carried interest”, “fee-bearing
                                       capital”, “market capitalization”, “net asset value”, “net carried interest”, “unfunded commitments” and “weighted average management fee rate”. In addition, the
                                       presentation of the holding company is used to present and analyze the financial position and cash flows of Power Corporation as a holding company. Refer to the
                                       section “Other Measures” in this MD&A for a definition of each measure.




                                             A  2                                                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


MARCH 18, 2026
ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED.




                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following MD&A of Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation or the Corporation) (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E), a
public corporation, is for the three-month and twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2025. This MD&A should be read
in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation and notes thereto for the twelve-
month period ended December 31, 2025 (the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements). Additional information relating to
Power Corporation, including its Annual Information Form, may be found on the Corporation’s website at
www.powercorporation.com and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

ORGANIZATION OF THE MD&A
The Corporation’s MD&A consists of three parts:
  Part A – Power Corporation, presented on a consolidated basis, and including a discussion of the contribution to the
    holding company from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, and its alternative asset investment platforms and other investments;
  Part B – Lifeco’s annual MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by Lifeco in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from Lifeco’s website (www.greatwestlifeco.com);
  Part C – IGM’s annual MD&A, as prepared and disclosed by IGM in accordance with applicable securities legislation,
    which is also available either directly from SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca) or from IGM’s website (www.igmfinancial.com).
Lifeco (TSX: GWO) and IGM (TSX: IGM) are public companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. GBL is a public
company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange (EBR: GBLB). Market capitalizations reported in the following sections are at
December 31, 2025 (refer to the section “Other Measures”).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  3
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF CON TEN TS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       About the Corporation                                            Liquidity, Capital and Risk Management
                                       5   Power Corporation of Canada                             5    63 Cash Flows                                                63
                                       6   Group Structure                                         6    66 Capital Management                                        66
                                       10 Table of Holdings                                        10   68 Risk Management                                           68

                                       11 Financial Highlights                                     11   74 Financial Instruments and Other Instruments               74

                                                                                                        76 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements                            76

                                       Consolidated Operating Results                                   77 Contingent Liabilities                                    77
                                       13 2025 Significant Developments and Transactions           13   77 Commitments and Contractual Obligations                   77

                                       17 Results of Power Corporation                             17
                                       18 Consolidated Statements of Earnings                      18   Accounting Policies
                                       20 Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net Earnings   20   78 Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates and Judgments    78

                                                                                                        81 Changes in Accounting Policies                            81
                                       Review of Segments and Operating Results                         82 Future Accounting Changes                                 82

                                       23 Lifeco                                                   23
                                       29 IGM Financial                                            29   Other
                                       34 GBL                                                      34   82 Transactions with Related Parties                         82

                                       Other Components                                                 83 Disclosure Controls and Procedures                        83
                                       38 Sagard and Power Sustainable                             38   83 Internal Control over Financial Reporting                 83
                                       52 Other                                                    52   84 Power Financial Corporation                               84
                                                                                                        86 Non-IFRS Financial Measures                               86
                                       Financial Position                                               88 Reconciliations of IFRS and Non-IFRS Financial Measures   88

                                       55 Consolidated Balance Sheets                              55   93 Other Measures                                            93

                                       58 Holding Company Balance Sheets                           58   96 Selected Annual Information                               96

                                       61 Adjusted Net Asset Value                                 61   97 Summary of Quarterly Results                              97




                                            A  4                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA




                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
OVERVIEW
Incorporated in 1925, Power Corporation (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) is an international management and holding company that
focuses on financial services in North America, Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth
management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. Through Power
Financial, it holds a controlling interest in Lifeco and IGM and has an active fintech strategy. It also holds, jointly with the
Frère Group of Belgium, a controlling interest in GBL.
Power Corporation conducts its investment activities, built upon a network of deep and long-standing relationships, to
provide superior returns. Investment activities include investments in alternative asset managers, Sagard and Power
Sustainable, investment funds, and interests in China resulting from more than 40 years of engagement. The Corporation aims
to act as an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
Power Corporation adheres to four overriding investing principles to pursue its objective of achieving sustainable long-term
value creation in the best interests of the Corporation:
  Long-term perspective;
  Leading franchises with attractive growth profiles;
  Strong governance oversight; and
  Prudent approach to risk management.

VALUE CREATION STRATEGY
Power Corporation’s value creation strategy is focused on financial services, designed to generate long-term sustainable
growth in earnings and dividends, and is based upon three key levers:
  Operating company organic levers: organic growth strategies at the publicly traded operating companies;
  Operating company inorganic levers: deployment and redeployment of capital; and
  Power Corporation levers: actions that can be taken at the Corporation and between the Corporation and its publicly
     traded operating companies and investments.
Power Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, continues to develop its alternative asset management
businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several high-growth asset
classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management businesses through
raising third-party capital and the Corporation intends to continue to provide proprietary capital to the different investment
products managed by each.


                                            Key franchises and business activities across the group


                                                                                                                                            Alternative Asset
                                                                                                                                          Investment Platforms
                                                                                                                                                and Other

 Retirement                                           Wealth                                     Investment   Listed Assets             Wealth
 Solutions                                            Management                                 Holding                                Management
                                                                                                              Direct Private Assets

                                                                        Strategic Investments:                Indirect Private Assets
 Wealth
 Management


 Asset
 Management
                                                      Asset                                                                             Asset
                                                      Management                                                                        Management
 Group
 Benefits                                                               Strategic Investments:


 Insurance &
 Risk Solutions




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               A  5
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       GROUP STRUCTURE
                                       The following chart reflects the economic interests held by the Corporation at December 31, 2025, which include the
                                       operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and its interest in GBL, held through Power Financial, and interests held through the




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms.




                                          In bold: Publicly listed holdings
                                          1 Lifeco, through Canada Life, held a 3.9% interest in IGM, and IGM held a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                          2 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. The interest in Northleaf is held through an acquisition vehicle in which Mackenzie held an 80% equity interest
                                            and Lifeco held a 20% equity interest.
                                          3 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco held a 47.8% voting interest in GBL. Refer to the section “GBL” for a list of investments.
                                          4 Includes a controlling interest in the Portage Ventures Funds and Wealthsimple, held through Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM.
                                          5 Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments held by each investment platform.
                                          6 The Corporation held a 44.2% interest in SHMI, and Lifeco and GBL held interests of 11.0% and 4.9%, respectively. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power
                                            Sustainable”.
                                          7 The Corporation held a 73.0% interest in PSM, and Lifeco held a 20.4% interest. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.




                                           A  6                                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


As a holding company, the Corporation uses adjusted net asset value 1, which presents the fair value of the participating
shareholders’ equity of the holding company, to assess the value, composition and size of its investment holdings. The charts
below present the composition and relative size of investment holdings within the Power group, as well as show the




                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
composition of the assets included in the adjusted net asset value and the holding company balance sheet, which are
discussed in detail later in this MD&A.


                                                           TOTAL HOLDING COMPANY ASSETS


                IN ADJUSTED NET ASSET VALUE                                                     IN HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEET




1 Adjusted net asset value is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the sections “Adjusted Net Asset Value” and “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
2 Includes fintech investments held by the Corporation including investments in the Portage Ventures Funds, Portage Capital Solutions and Wealthsimple.
3 Includes the Corporation’s cash and cash equivalents, other assets and investments held by the holding company and its investments in standalone businesses.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             A  7
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Publicly Traded Operating Companies
                                       The Corporation holds controlling interests, through Power Financial, in Lifeco and IGM. It also has significant holdings in a




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       portfolio of European-based global companies through its investment in GBL.

                                       LIF ECO
                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. (TSX: GWO), market capitalization of $61.3 billion (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at
                                       December 31, 2025, is a financial services holding company that provides wealth, retirement, group benefits and insurance
                                       and risk solutions to its over 40 million customer relationships. Lifeco operates in the United States (U.S.), Canada and Europe
                                       under the brands Empower, Canada Life and Irish Life.
                                       At December 31, 2025, Power Financial and IGM held interests of 68.7% and 2.4%, respectively, in Lifeco’s common shares,
                                       representing approximately 65% of the voting rights attached to all outstanding Lifeco voting shares. The Insurance
                                       Companies Act limits voting rights in life insurance companies to 65%.

                                       IG M FINANCIAL
                                       IGM Financial Inc. (TSX: IGM), market capitalization of $14.5 billion at December 31, 2025, is a leading Canadian diversified
                                       wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional investors
                                       globally. IGM provides a broad range of financial planning and investment management services to help approximately
                                       two million Canadians meet their financial goals. IGM’s principal operating subsidiaries are wealth manager IG Wealth
                                       Management and asset manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide
                                       benefits to its operating subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects.
                                       At December 31, 2025, Power Financial and Canada Life, a subsidiary of Lifeco, held interests of 62.9% and 3.9%, respectively,
                                       in IGM’s common shares.

                                       GBL
                                       Power Financial Europe SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Power Financial, and the Frère Group each hold a 50% interest in
                                       Parjointco. At December 31, 2025, Parjointco held a 34.2% indirect (47.8% of the voting rights) controlling interest in GBL, a
                                       Belgian holding company listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange.
                                       GBL (EBR: GBLB), market capitalization of €10.1 billion at December 31, 2025, is an established investment holding company.
                                       As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term value creation with the support of a stable family
                                       shareholder base. GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through
                                       a combination of growth in its net asset value per share, a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.




                                           A  8                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Alternative Asset Investment Platforms
Power Corporation continues to develop alternative asset investment platforms (investment platforms) that manage portfolios




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
in several alternative asset classes, principally in North America and Europe. The alternative asset investment platforms offer
alternative strategies to traditional long-term investment strategies. Traditional long-term investment strategies generally invest
in publicly traded shares and fixed income investments, whereas the alternative asset investment strategies include venture
capital, private equity, private credit as well as real estate and infrastructure. At December 31, 2025, the alternative asset
investment platforms had $51.8 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments (refer to the section
“Other Measures”).

S AG AR D
Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit and
real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial partners,
advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth management and holds
strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in Canada, the U.S., Europe and the
Middle East. At December 31, 2025, Sagard had $47.4 billion of assets under management, including unfunded commitments.
The asset management business of Sagard is consolidated under Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (SHMI). The Corporation
held a 44.2% controlling interest in SHMI at December 31, 2025 (50.8% at December 31, 2024). Lifeco and GBL also held
interests of 11.0% and 4.9%, respectively, in SHMI at December 31, 2025.

POWER S US TAINABLE
Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across multiple
industries. Power Sustainable invests in companies and projects that contribute to decarbonization, sustainable cities and
communities and resource efficiency, which are priorities shared by its global network of clients, asset owners, partners and
employees. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure, Power
Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb Private
Equity. At December 31, 2025, Power Sustainable had $4.4 billion of assets under management, including unfunded
commitments.
The asset management business of Power Sustainable is consolidated under Power Sustainable Manager Inc. (PSM). The
Corporation held a 73.0% controlling interest in PSM at December 31, 2025 (74.7% at December 31, 2024). Lifeco also held
an interest of 20.4% in PSM at December 31, 2025.

Standalone Businesses
The standalone businesses include the Corporation’s controlling interest in LMPG.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                 A  9
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       TABLE OF HOLDINGS
                                       At December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s main holdings were as follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                    % economic
                                       Holdings                                                                         interest        Nature of investment                Accounting method

                                       Publicly traded operating companies 1
                                          Lifeco 2                                                                         68.7         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                          IGM 3                                                                            62.9         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                                  4
                                          GBL                                                                              17.1         Joint control                       Equity method
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms
                                          Sagard
                                              SHMI 5                                                                       44.2         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                                  BEX 6                                                                    45.0         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                                        7
                                                  PEM                                                                    100.0          Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                                  HalseyPoint                                                              40.0         Joint control                       Equity method
                                                               18
                                              Wealthsimple                                                                 13.9         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                              Portage Ventures I 1 9                                                       63.0         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                                                      1 10
                                              Portage Ventures II                                                          12.4         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                              Portage Ventures III 11                                                       2.4         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                                                       12
                                              Portage Ventures IV                                                           4.8         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                              Portage Capital Solutions 13                                                 29.2         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                                                14
                                              Sagard Funds                                                             various          Investment                          Fair value through profit or loss
                                          Power Sustainable
                                              Power Sustainable Manager 15                                                 73.0         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                              Power Sustainable Energy
                                               Infrastructure Partnership 16                                               28.3         Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                              Potentia                                                                   100.0          Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                              Nautilus                                                                   100.0          Controlling interest                Consolidation
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          LMPG                                                                             49.6         Controlling interest                Consolidation

                                       1 Investments held by the Corporation through Power Financial.
                                       2 IGM also held a 2.4% interest in Lifeco.
                                       3 Canada Life also held a 3.9% interest in IGM.
                                       4 Held through Parjointco, a jointly controlled corporation (50%). Parjointco held a controlling interest in GBL.
                                       5 Lifeco and GBL also held interests of 11.0% and 4.9%, respectively, in SHMI. At December 31, 2025, management of Sagard held a fully diluted interest of 17.4% in SHMI.
                                         SHMI also has a long-term incentive program pursuant to which certain key members of management have received, or will receive in the future, compensation in the
                                         form of equity of SHMI vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       6 The Corporation, through Sagard U.K. Management Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of SHMI, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 5.1% equity interest
                                         in BEX.
                                       7 In the third quarter of 2025, Sagard acquired the remaining interest of 62.0% in PEM.
                                       8 Portage Ventures I and IGM also held interests of 9.6% and 28.9%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (see also the section “Wealthsimple” in the section “Sagard and Power
                                         Sustainable”).
                                       9 Lifeco and IGM also held equal interests of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
                                       10 Power Financial held a 7.7% interest, Sagard held a 4.7% interest, and Lifeco and IGM also held equal interests of 7.7% in Portage Ventures II.
                                       11 Lifeco and IGM also held interests of 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
                                       12 Lifeco and IGM also held interests of 11.4% and 3.3%, respectively, in Portage Ventures IV.
                                       13 Lifeco also held an interest of 27.9% in Portage Capital Solutions.
                                       14 The Corporation held a non-controlling interest in various funds managed by SHMI. Lifeco and GBL also held investments in certain of these funds. Refer to the section
                                          “Asset Management Activities” in the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” for a list of investments and the respective holdings.
                                       15 At December 31, 2025, management of Power Sustainable held a 6.6% interest in PSM. Lifeco also held an interest of 20.4% in PSM. PSM also has a long-term incentive
                                          program pursuant to which certain key members of management may receive, in the future, compensation in the form of equity of PSM vesting over a 5-year period.
                                       16 Lifeco also held a 12.9% interest in PSEIP.




                                             A  10                                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                Three months ended                Twelve months ended
                                                                                      December 31, September 30,       December 31,       December 31,    December 31,
(in millions of dollars; except per share and as otherwise noted)                           2025          2025               2024               2025            2024

Net earnings 1                                                                                 408              703             933              2,572           2,743
Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                                      408              703             933              2,572           2,792
                                                                  12
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                               867              863             829              3,400           2,971

Per share – basic 1
   Net earnings                                                                               0.64             1.10             1.44              4.01             4.23
   Net earnings from continuing operations                                                    0.64             1.10             1.44              4.01             4.31
   Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 3                                         1.36             1.35             1.28              5.31             4.58

Dividend declared (per participating share)                                                 0.6125          0.6125           0.5625            2.4500           2.2500
                      4
Dividend yield                                                                                3.4%             4.1%             5.0%

Total consolidated assets (in billions)                                                        926              917             851
                                                                              2
Total consolidated assets under management and advisement (in billions)                      1,433            1,403           1,259
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration 2 (in billions)                    3,971            3,946           3,599

Adjusted net asset value 1 2                                                                54,526          46,206           38,974
Participating shareholders’ equity                                                          23,082          23,501           22,930

Per share 1
   Adjusted net asset value 3                                                                85.77            72.24           60.44
                  5
   Book value                                                                                36.31            36.74           35.56

Market capitalization 6                                                                     46,377          38,518           28,913

Share price (Subordinate Voting Shares)
   Ending                                                                                    72.95            60.22           44.84              72.95           44.84
   High                                                                                      74.91            60.30           47.89              74.91           47.89
   Low                                                                                       58.97            52.06           42.23              41.88           35.83

Number of participating shares outstanding
   End of period                                                                             635.7            639.6           644.8              635.7           644.8
   Average                                                                                   637.2            641.1           645.6              640.9           648.1
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
2 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
3 Non-IFRS ratio. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
4 Dividend yield is calculated as the annualized dividend per participating share based on the dividend declared during the reporting period divided by the share price of
  a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the reporting period.
5 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
6 Represents the closing price of a Subordinate Voting Share at the end of the applicable reporting period multiplied by the aggregate of Subordinate Voting Shares and
  Participating Preferred Shares outstanding.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            A  11
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF THE CONTRIBUTIONS TO POWER CORPORATION’S EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                                                                                                                                                      Three months ended                       Twelve months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                      December 31,      September 30,        December 31,              December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                            2025               2025                2024                      2025           2024

                                       Lifeco 1                                                                                856                 842                  760                 3,191           2,858
                                       IGM 1                                                                                   190                 188                  156                   685             586
                                       GBL                                                                                      (15)               (11)                  18                    (38)            75
                                                                                        2
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                 (45)               (39)                   (6)                  (98)           (65)
                                       Publicly traded operating companies                                                     986                 980                  928                 3,740           3,454


                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                               5                (27)                 (10)                  105             (71)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                     (5)                 (2)                  (5)                  (14)           (64)
                                                                                                                               986                 951                  913                 3,831           3,319
                                       Corporate operations and Other 3                                                       (119)                (88)                 (84)                  (431)          (348)
                                                                   45
                                       Adjusted net earnings                                                                   867                863                  829                  3,400           2,971
                                       Adjustments 6                                                                          (459)               (160)                 104                   (828)          (179)
                                                       4
                                       Net earnings                                                                            408                703                  933                  2,572           2,792
                                       1 Contribution based on earnings reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 Refer to the detailed table in the section “Results of Power Corporation”.
                                       3 Includes the contribution to adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, as well as corporate operations, which includes operating expenses,
                                         financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate operations and Other“
                                         below.
                                       4 Attributable to participating shareholders.
                                       5 Non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       6 Refer to the detailed table of Adjustments in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.




                                             A  12                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


2025 SIGNIFICANT DEVELOPMENTS AN D TRANSACTIONS




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
POWER CORPORATION
Leadership changes
In February 2026, subsequent to year-end, the Corporation announced that the current President and Chief Executive Officer
(CEO), Mr. R. Jeffrey Orr will become Vice-Chair of the Corporation and will be succeeded as President and CEO by Mr. James
O’Sullivan, currently President and CEO of IGM Financial, effective July 1, 2026. These leadership changes are part of a well-
planned and robust succession planning process that provides continuity while building on the Power group’s momentum.
Mr. Orr will stand for re-election to the Corporation’s Board of directors at the Corporation’s upcoming annual meeting of
shareholders and is expected to continue to serve on the Boards of IGM, Lifeco and some of their subsidiaries. He is also
expected to remain Chair of the Boards of IGM and Lifeco until June 30, 2026.
Return of capital to shareholders
In 2025, the Corporation continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and a prudent amount of available cash and cash
equivalents. Total capital returned to participating shareholders in 2025 exceeded $2.2 billion, including repurchases of its
Subordinate Voting Shares under its NCIBs of $711 million, at an average cost per share of $57.43, and over $1.5 billion in
dividends paid to participating shareholders. On March 1, 2026, the Corporation renewed its current NCIB, which is effective
until the earlier of February 28, 2027 or the date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum amount of 20 million
Subordinate Voting Shares.

HIGHLIGHTS AT THE PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES
A number of strategic developments and transactions were completed throughout 2025, including:

Lifeco
Disclosure Enhancements: In early 2025, Lifeco updated its disclosures for 2025 to provide enhanced information for analysts,
investors and other stakeholders and accordingly has restated the comparative results for 2024 to conform with the updated
segment and line of business classifications as noted below. There was no change to total Lifeco adjusted net earnings or net
earnings on a consolidated basis as a result of these reclassifications. For additional information, refer to the section “Summary
of Earnings Reclassifications” in Part B of this MD&A. Amongst other enhancements, those related to Lifeco’s segmented
operating results include:
  Separating Workplace Solutions – Separated the Workplace Solutions line of business results into Retirement and Group
    Benefits to provide greater clarity on the distinct drivers of earnings growth for each business. Within the Group Benefits line
    of business, key metrics are presented by Lifeco separately for group insurance and administrative services only (ASO)
    products.
  Reclassifying certain expenses, financing charges and related taxes – Reclassified certain expenses, financing charges, and
    related taxes and other items that are not directly associated with Lifeco’s operating segments to its Corporate segment.
    This change reflects the performance of each of Lifeco’s operating segments on a standalone basis.
  Reclassification of certain businesses or results previously attributed to the United States segment – Reclassified results of
    PanAgora, Franklin Templeton shareholdings, legacy insurance portfolios and guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit
    (GLWB) product previously attributed to the United States segment to the Corporate segment. As a result of this change,
    Empower’s results reflect the activities of its core businesses.
  More granular assets under administration disclosures – Enhanced disclosure of the components of total assets under
    administration including assets under management and advisement and assets under administration only, the total of
    which is total client assets. Total client assets, when combined with other balance sheet assets, equals total assets under
    administration. This change provides greater visibility into the scale of wealth management and higher value-added
    solutions within Lifeco’s portfolio.
  Lifeco’s updated lines of business – Previously referred to as value drivers, Lifeco focuses on four key lines of business
    that extend across its reportable operating segments.
Business Transformation and Other Costs: As previously announced, between 2025 to 2027, Lifeco plans to incur an
estimated $250 million to $300 million of after-tax restructuring costs, through investment in modernized technology
platforms, and retiring legacy systems as well as enhancing productivity through increased automation and leveraging a
global workplace. These restructuring costs are a subset of business transformation and other costs excluded from Lifeco’s
adjusted net earnings. In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, Lifeco incurred or provisioned for a net of
$260 million after tax of business transformation and other costs, of which $73 million after tax was recorded in the fourth
quarter of 2025.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                A  13
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Lifeco Normal Course Issuer Bid: Effective on September 5, 2025, Lifeco amended its 2025 NCIB to increase the maximum
                                       remaining number of common shares that may be repurchased from 20 million common shares to 40 million common shares.
                                       In addition, the TSX approved an amendment that permitted Lifeco to purchase its shares from Power Financial, a subsidiary




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       of the Corporation, and certain of Power Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries in connection with the NCIB, in order for Power
                                       Financial to maintain its approximate proportionate percentage ownership in Lifeco. In the twelve-month period ended
                                       December 31, 2025, Lifeco repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately 28.4 million common shares under its
                                       NCIB at an average cost per share of $57.15, of which 12.8 million common shares for a total of $768 million were repurchased
                                       from Power Financial.
                                       On January 2, 2026, subsequent to year-end, Lifeco announced the renewal of its current NCIB commencing January 6, 2026
                                       and terminating January 5, 2027 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at
                                       market prices. The renewed NCIB continues to permit Lifeco to purchase its shares from Power Financial in order for Power
                                       Financial to maintain its approximate proportionate percentage ownership in Lifeco. For additional information, refer to the
                                       section “Consolidated Financial Position – Lifeco Capital Structure” in Part B of this MD&A.

                                       IGM Financial
                                       Rockefeller Capital Management: In December 2025, IGM closed transactions with Rockefeller, receiving total proceeds of
                                       $394 million comprised primarily of a return of capital, as well as an equity sale. IGM’s interest decreased from 20.5% to 17.2%
                                       due to the equity sale and adjustment to certain previously issued share-based awards which aligns Rockefeller’s management
                                       with long-term equity ownership. As a result, the investment’s carrying value decreased and a gain was recognized in the
                                       Consolidated Statements of Earnings, excluded from adjusted net earnings. IGM will continue to account for its investment in
                                       Rockefeller using the equity method.

                                       GBL
                                       Share repurchases: During 2025, GBL repurchased, directly and through its subsidiaries, 4.7 million shares of its own capital
                                       for a total consideration of €335 million. During the second quarter of 2025, GBL cancelled 5.2 million of its treasury shares.
                                       PORTFOLIO SIMPLIFICATION
                                       GBL is committed to its stated strategic priorities of (i) portfolio simplification, (ii) direct private investments and (iii) attractive
                                       shareholder returns. In 2025, GBL made progress in those strategic priorities:
                                         Partial disposal of SGS: In the first quarter of 2025, GBL completed the disposal of 8.5 million shares of SGS, reducing its
                                            interest from 19.1% at December 31, 2024 to 14.6% at March 31, 2025 (14.3% at December 31, 2025), for total proceeds
                                            of €0.8 billion, generating a capital gain for GBL of €0.2 billion (no impact on the net consolidated earnings in accordance
                                            with IFRS 9). Following the completion of the transaction, GBL is still the largest shareholder of SGS.
                                         Investment in Affidea: In October 2025, GBL invested an additional €150 million in Affidea, an investment originally
                                            acquired in 2022 that has since created significant value organically and through accretive investments.
                                         GBL Capital portfolio divestments: On November 3, 2025, GBL announced the monetization of a significant portion of
                                            assets from the GBL Capital portfolio. The sale of these assets, through multiple transactions, represents a net asset value
                                            of €2.0 billion 1 and is expected to generate total proceeds of €1.7 billion. In 2025, €1.0 billion was received and a
                                            deferred payment of €0.5 billion is to be received twelve months post-closing. The majority of the transactions closed in
                                            the fourth quarter of 2025; the transaction value of this portfolio was primarily reflected in the activities of GBL in the third
                                            quarter of 2025. GBL Capital also transferred €0.6 billion of unfunded commitments and will no longer make new
                                            commitments in this strategy.   1




                                         Sienna Investment Managers: On December 24, 2025, GBL announced the signing of the agreement to sell certain
                                            activities within Sienna Investment Managers, including the listed asset and private debt operations (Sienna Gestion and
                                            Sienna Private Credit, respectively), to Malakoff Humanis. The sale includes GBL’s commitments (called and uncalled) in
                                            the funds managed by Sienna Gestion and Sienna Private Credit. Subsequent to year-end, GBL announced that it has
                                            entered an agreement to sell Sienna Real Estate. Together, these disposals represent a significant portion of the overall
                                            Sienna management business. The transactions are expected to close in 2026, subject to regulatory approvals.
                                         Disposition of Umicore: On November 18, 2025, GBL announced the disposition of 19.6 million shares of Umicore,
                                            reducing its interest from 15.9% at September 30, 2025 to 8.0% at December 31, 2025, for total proceeds of €0.3 billion.
                                            Subsequent to year end, on February 25, 2026, GBL announced the exit of its remaining position in Umicore in the context
                                            of portfolio simplification, aligned with its key strategic priorities. GBL disposed of its remaining 8.0% interest or
                                            19.6 million shares for total proceeds of €0.3 billion. The investment in Umicore was classified as FVOCI in accordance
                                            with IFRS 9 and therefore these disposals have no impact on GBL’s net consolidated earnings.
                                         Dividend increase: In March 2026, subsequent to year-end, GBL announced that it will propose a dividend of €5.125 per
                                            share for fiscal year 2025, an increase of 2.5%. The dividend is subject to approval at GBL’s General Shareholders’ Meeting
                                            in May 2026.



                                       1 As at December 31, 2024.


                                            A  14                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


HIGHLIGHTS AT THE ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS

Fundraising




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
In 2025, the alternative asset investment platforms continued their fundraising efforts, raising total capital commitments (refer
to the section “Other Measures”) of $5.4 billion 1, including the following:                        1




S AG AR D
     Portage Ventures IV: In 2025, Sagard raised additional commitments of US$95 million, increasing the total committed
       capital to US$524 million at December 31, 2025.
     PPCVI: In January 2026, Portage, Sagard’s global fintech investment platform, closed a transaction to assume
       management of select assets from Point72 Ventures’ fintech portfolio. The assets were transferred to a US$280 million
       continuation vehicle managed by an affiliate of Portage.
     Sagard NewGen: In 2025, Sagard launched its second fund, Sagard NewGen 2, in its European private equity investment
       strategy that supports entrepreneurs in the technology and healthcare industry, raising commitments of up to €220 million
       at December 31, 2025.
     Sagard Private Equity: In January 2025, Sagard announced the launch of its evergreen private equity investment fund for
       Canadian accredited investors, Sagard Private Equity Strategies. The fund had total subscriptions of $71 million at
       December 31, 2025.
     Sagard Credit Partners: In 2025, Sagard launched its third credit fund, Sagard Credit Partners III, and commenced
       fundraising, raising total commitments of US$624 million.
     Performance Equity Management: In 2025, Sagard’s subsidiary, PEM, operating as Sagard Private Equity Solutions since
       its rebranding in November 2025, raised over US$0.9 billion in additional commitments across its strategies.

POWER S US TAINABLE
     Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity: In May 2025, Power Sustainable announced the launch of its fourth
       investment strategy, Power Sustainable Decarb PE, raising commitments of up to US$330 million for the new middle-
       market private equity strategy.
     Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit: In December 2025, Power Sustainable completed the final close of its first global
       infrastructure credit fund, raising additional commitments of US$96 million in 2025, increasing the total committed capital
       of the strategy to US$811 million.

Other Developments
S AG AR D

INVESTMENTS IN SHMI
     GBL investment in SHMI: In March 2025, GBL, through GBL Capital, invested US$33 million and acquired a 5% interest
       (on a fully diluted basis) in SHMI. GBL also agreed to make future commitments of €250 million over the following five
       years in Sagard-managed strategies. This partnership reinforces Sagard’s long-term growth strategy, strengthening its
       capital base as well as solidifying GBL’s relationship as an anchor limited partner (LP) in certain strategies.
     Baird Financial Group (Baird) investment in SHMI: On September 9, 2025, Sagard and Baird announced a multi-faceted
       strategic partnership expected to accelerate their U.S. wealth channel expansion. As part of the partnership, Baird
       invested US$34 million and acquired a 5% interest (on a fully diluted basis) in SHMI, and Baird will facilitate the distribution
       of appropriate, differentiated Sagard strategies to its private wealth network clients, with joint efforts on product
       innovation, advisor engagement, and ecosystem-wide growth.
    The Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of SHMI subsequent to these transactions and the transactions did not
    have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.
STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS BY SHMI
     SHMI acquisition of BEX Capital SAS (BEX): In June 2025, SHMI completed the previously announced transaction to
       acquire a strategic interest in BEX, a specialized secondaries investment firm with offices in Nice and New York. Sagard’s
       investment in BEX marks a significant step in its expansion into private equity secondaries. The agreement includes a
       path for Sagard to acquire all of the remaining equity of BEX on December 31, 2029. Upon closing of the transaction, the
       Corporation determined that it has control of BEX, through Sagard, in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial
       Statements. As a result, the Corporation consolidated BEX on the date of acquisition. BEX had $3.3 billion (US$2.4 billion)
       of assets under management at December 31, 2025.




1     Includes commitments from the Corporation, associated companies and third parties. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of
      Segments and Operating Results”.



                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            A  15
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                         Additional investment in Performance Equity Management (PEM): In August 2025, SHMI acquired an additional 62.0%
                                            interest in PEM, increasing its economic interest to 100%, primarily in exchange for Class B shares of PEM which are
                                            expected to be settled on December 31, 2028. The acquisition of the remaining economic interest in PEM will facilitate




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                            collaboration and integration within Sagard’s growing strategy in private equity investment solutions. The Corporation
                                            continues to have control of PEM, through Sagard, in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial Statements; the
                                            transaction did not have a significant impact on the financial statements. In November 2025, PEM announced that it had
                                            rebranded as Sagard Private Equity Solutions, marking the completion of its integration into Sagard’s global middle-
                                            market private equity platform.
                                         SHMI acquisition of Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA (Unigestion) private equity business: On September 23, 2025,
                                            Sagard and Unigestion announced the combination of their middle-market private equity businesses, combining their
                                            private equity primaries, secondaries and co-investment activities. The new platform, Sagard Private Equity Solutions,
                                            which includes BEX and PEM (and excludes Sagard’s direct private equity strategies), will manage over US$23 billion 1 in
                                            private equity assets and will offer an enhanced geographical reach and product scope, delivering bespoke and scalable
                                            private equity solutions across primaries, secondaries and co-investments to institutional and high-net-worth investors.
                                            The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2026, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing
                                            conditions. The Corporation, through Sagard, expects to acquire 100% of the equity of Unigestion and as such
                                            consolidate the private equity activities of Unigestion subsequent to closing of the transaction.             1




                                       FINTECH INVESTMENTS
                                       WEALTHSIMPLE
                                       On October 27, 2025, Wealthsimple announced that it had signed a $750 million equity offering, consisting of a $550 million
                                       primary offering, as well as a secondary offering. The fundraising round was led by GIC and Dragoneer Investment Group,
                                       and included participation from new and existing investors. On October 31, 2025, the primary offering closed and the
                                       Corporation, through Power Financial, and IGM each invested $100 million. Following the transaction, the Power group’s
                                       undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple decreased to 52.4%, representing a voting interest of 57.5% and a fully diluted
                                       equity interest of 40.7% at December 31, 2025. The Corporation remains the controlling shareholder of Wealthsimple. A
                                       secondary transaction totalling $190 million closed on December 19, 2025.




                                       1 As at June 30, 2025.


                                            A  16                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


RESULTS OF POWER CORPORATION

This section presents:




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
  The “Consolidated Statements of Earnings in accordance with IFRS”; and
  The contributions to Power Corporation of its operating subsidiaries (Lifeco and IGM) and GBL, which are held through
    Power Financial, the contribution of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and standalone businesses,
    as well as the contribution from the corporate operations and other to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings of
    Power Corporation. A discussion of the contributions of each of the reportable segments and other components follows
    in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results”.
Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description
and reconciliation of IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.


BASIS OF PRESENTATION
IFRS Financial Measures and Presentation
The 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements of the Corporation have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, as issued by
the IASB, and are presented in Canadian dollars.
The financial statements of the Corporation include the consolidated results of Power Financial which include the results of
Lifeco, IGM, Wealthsimple and the Portage Ventures Funds, which are controlled by Power Financial. Power Financial’s
investment in GBL is held through Parjointco. Parjointco is a holding company jointly controlled by Power Financial and the
Frère Group, and is accounted for using the equity method.
The investment platforms manage and operate alternative asset investment funds in which third-party investors, the
Corporation and associated companies can participate. The Corporation controls a fund when it is exposed, or has rights, to
variable returns from its involvement with the fund and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the
relevant activities of the fund. Management of the Corporation determines whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent
when the Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund. The Corporation determines that
it is a principal when it has sufficient capital invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the decisions
of the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager and considers the rights held by other investors, including their ability
to remove the fund manager.

Presentation of the Holding Company
The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM Financial and GBL, which represent the Corporation’s investments
in publicly traded operating companies, as well as the holding company. These reportable segments, in addition to the asset
management activities, reflect Power Corporation’s management structure and internal financial reporting. The Corporation
evaluates its performance based on the operating segments’ contributions to earnings.
The holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
presents the investment activities of the Corporation. The investment activities of the holding company, including the
investments in Lifeco, IGM and controlled entities within the alternative asset investment platforms, are presented using the
equity method. The holding company activities present the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments,
debentures and non-participating shares. The discussions included in the sections “Financial Position” and “Cash Flows”
present the segmented balance sheets and cash flow statements of the holding company, which are presented in Note 35 of
the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements, and reconciliations of these statements are provided throughout this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                   A  17
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS IN ACCORDANCE WITH IFRS
                                       Power Corporation’s consolidated statements of earnings for the three months and twelve months ended December 31, 2025
                                       are presented below. The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco, IGM and GBL, as well as the holding company.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       These tables reflect the contributions to the net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s participating shareholders from
                                       its reportable segments and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which
                                       include controlled and consolidated investment funds and investments, and the Corporation’s standalone businesses.
                                       Consolidated Net Earnings – Three months ended
                                                                                                                                     Alternative
                                                                                                                                           asset
                                                                                                                                     investment
                                                                                                                       Holding    platforms and        Effect of                     Power Corporation
                                                                                        Lifeco       IGM        GBL   company            Other 1 consolidation 2                  Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                      December 31, September 30, December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                            2025          2025         2024
                                       Insurance service result
                                          Insurance revenue                            5,690           −          −          −                −                  −            5,690           5,594           5,399
                                          Insurance service expenses                  (4,403)          −          −          −                −                  −           (4,403)         (4,245)          (4,145)
                                          Net expense from
                                            reinsurance contracts                       (423)          −          −          −                −                  −              (423)          (471)           (415)
                                       Total insurance service result                    864           −          −          −                −                  −               864            878             839
                                       Net investment result
                                         Net investment income (loss) 3                2,594           9          −           5            306                (57)            2,857           4,573              45
                                         Net investment result from
                                            insurance activities 4                    (2,009)          −          −          −                −                  −           (2,009)         (3,651)            988
                                       Total net investment result                       585           9          −           5            306                (57)               848            922           1,033
                                       Fee income and other revenues                   2,052      1,011           −          −             512                (74)            3,501           3,371           3,201
                                       Operating and
                                         administrative expenses                      (2,130)      (673)          −        (60)         (1,148)                94            (3,917)         (3,535)          (3,500)
                                       Financing charges                                  (87)       (32)         −        (13)             (83)                 1              (214)          (202)           (207)
                                       Earnings before investments in
                                        jointly controlled corporations
                                        and associates, and income taxes               1,284        315           −        (68)           (413)               (36)            1,082           1,434           1,366
                                       Share of earnings (losses) of
                                        investments in jointly controlled
                                        corporations and associates                        12       116       (195)          −             177                (37)                73              66            261
                                       Earnings before income taxes                    1,296        431       (195)        (68)           (236)               (73)            1,155           1,500           1,627
                                       Income tax expense (recovery)                     158        106           −          −               (7)                 7               264            305             197
                                       Net earnings                                    1,138        325       (195)        (68)           (229)               (80)               891          1,195           1,430
                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                      489        134           −         35            (111)               (80)               467            479             484
                                          Non-participating shareholders                    −          −          −         16                −                  −                16              13             13
                                          Participating shareholders of
                                            Power Corporation 2                          649        191       (195)       (119)           (118)                  −               408            703             933
                                                                                       1,138        325       (195)        (68)           (229)               (80)               891          1,195           1,430
                                       1 Alternative asset investment platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
                                         as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
                                         businesses.
                                       2 The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
                                         of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset investment platforms
                                         and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
                                         company.
                                       3 Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       4 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.




                                             A  18                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated Net Earnings – Twelve months ended
                                                                                                      Alternative asset
                                                                                                            investment




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                              Holding    platforms and          Effect of         Power Corporation
                                                        Lifeco           IGM        GBL      company            Other 1   consolidation 2      Consolidated net earnings
                                                                                                                                             December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                   2025             2024
Insurance service result
   Insurance revenue                                 22,321                −          −             −                −                 −          22,321            21,214
   Insurance service expenses                       (17,239)               −          −             −                −                 −          (17,239)         (16,368)
   Net expense from
     reinsurance contracts                           (1,703)               −          −             −                −                 −           (1,703)          (1,599)
Total insurance service result                        3,379                −          −             −                −                 −            3,379            3,247
Net investment result
  Net investment income (loss) 3                     13,705               42          −           34            1,160                (92)         14,849            12,237
  Net investment result from
     insurance activities 4                         (11,683)               −          −             −                −                 −          (11,683)          (8,860)
Total net investment result                           2,022               42          −           34            1,160                (92)           3,166            3,377
Fee income and other revenues                         7,895           3,779           −             −           1,854              (232)          13,296            11,804
Operating and
  administrative expenses                            (8,277)         (2,560)          −         (216)           (3,372)             247           (14,178)         (12,462)
Financing charges                                       (379)          (129)          −           (54)            (281)               (6)            (849)            (812)
Earnings before investments in
 jointly controlled corporations
 and associates, and income taxes                     4,640           1,132           −         (236)             (639)              (83)           4,814            5,154
Share of earnings (losses) of
 investments in jointly controlled
 corporations and associates                              55            309        (263)            −              482             (121)              462              376
Earnings before income taxes                          4,695           1,441        (263)        (236)             (157)            (204)            5,276            5,530
Income tax expense (recovery)                            534            334           −             1                 8                1              878              929
Net earnings – continuing operations                  4,161           1,107        (263)        (237)             (165)            (205)            4,398            4,601
Net loss – discontinued operations                          −              −          −             −                −                 −                 −            (115)
Net gain – disposal of
 discontinued operations                                    −              −          −             −                −                 −                 −               44
Net earnings                                          4,161           1,107        (263)        (237)             (165)            (205)            4,398            4,530
Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                          1,540             449           −          139              (152)            (205)            1,771            1,735
   Non-participating shareholders                           −              −          −           55                 −                 −                55               52
   Participating shareholders of
     Power Corporation 2                              2,621             658        (263)        (431)              (13)                −            2,572            2,743
                                                      4,161           1,107        (263)        (237)             (165)            (205)            4,398            4,530
1 Alternative asset investment platforms and Other is comprised of the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, which include consolidated investment funds,
  as well as the investment activities held through Power Financial including Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, and the Corporation’s standalone
  businesses.
2 The results presented for Lifeco and IGM are as reported by each. The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application
  of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership. The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Alternative asset investment platforms
  and Other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation includes the effect of consolidation, and represents the contribution to the holding
  company.
3 Includes net investment income and changes in FVPL included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
4 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.



As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each segment based on its contribution to net earnings
and adjusted net earnings attributable to participating shareholders. A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM and GBL is
provided in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                A  19
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CONTRIBUTION TO NET EARNINGS AND ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS
                                       This section details the contribution to the net earnings and adjusted net earnings attributable to Power Corporation’s
                                       participating shareholders from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable, the Corporation’s alternative asset




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       investment platforms, which include the contribution from controlled and consolidated investments, standalone businesses,
                                       and the corporate operations and other.
                                                                                                                                                      Three months ended                       Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                     December 31,       September 30,        December 31,              December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                           2025                2025                2024                      2025           2024

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 1
                                       Lifeco 2                                                                                856                 842                  760                 3,191           2,858
                                       IGM 2                                                                                   190                 188                  156                   685             586
                                       GBL                                                                                     (15)                (11)                  18                    (38)            75
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM 3                                              (45)                (39)                   (6)                  (98)           (65)
                                                                                                                               986                 980                  928                 3,740           3,454
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                              5                 (27)                 (10)                  105             (71)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                     (5)                 (2)                  (5)                  (14)           (64)
                                       Corporate operations and Other 4                                                       (119)                (88)                 (84)                  (431)          (348)
                                                                                                                              867                 863                  829                  3,400           2,971
                                                       5
                                       Adjustments
                                       Lifeco 2                                                                               (135)                (47)                    1                  (473)          (123)
                                             2
                                       IGM                                                                                      13                   (2)                   3                     5             (3)
                                       GBL                                                                                    (180)                (67)                    −                  (225)           (44)
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                (39)                  (9)                   1                   (31)            (9)
                                                                                                                              (341)               (125)                    5                  (724)          (179)
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                           (118)                (35)                 (12)                  (116)           (26)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                     −                    −                 111                    12              26
                                                                                                                              (459)              (160)                 104                   (828)           (179)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 6
                                       Lifeco 2                                                                                721                 795                  761                 2,718           2,735
                                       IGM 2                                                                                   203                 186                  159                   690             583
                                             2
                                       GBL                                                                                    (195)                (78)                  18                   (263)            31
                                       Effect of consolidation - Lifeco and IGM                                                (84)                (48)                   (5)                 (129)           (74)
                                                                                                                               645                 855                  933                 3,016           3,275
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                           (113)                (62)                 (22)                   (11)           (97)
                                       Standalone businesses                                                                     (5)                 (2)                106                     (2)           (38)
                                                                               4
                                       Corporate operations and Other                                                         (119)                (88)                 (84)                  (431)          (348)
                                                                                                                              408                 703                  933                  2,572           2,792
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                 −                    −                    −                     −            (49)
                                       Net earnings 6                                                                         408                 703                  933                  2,572           2,743
                                       1 Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (adjusted net earnings) is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”. For a
                                         reconciliation of Lifeco, IGM, and Sagard and Power Sustainable’s non-IFRS adjusted net earnings to their net earnings and the contribution to adjusted net earnings from
                                         GBL and standalone businesses, refer to the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM Financial”, “GBL”, “Sagard and Power Sustainable” and “Standalone Businesses” in the section “Review
                                         of Segments and Operating Results” below which detail the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of each.
                                       2 Contribution to net and adjusted net earnings based on earnings reported by Lifeco and IGM. Contribution to net earnings based on earnings reported by GBL.
                                       3 See the table below for details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       4 Includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s other investment activities, as well as corporate operations, which includes
                                         operating expenses, financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares. Refer to the section “Corporate
                                         operations and Other“ below.
                                       5 See the section “Adjustments” below, including details on Effect of consolidation.
                                       6 Attributable to participating shareholders.




                                             A  20                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted and Net Earnings Per Share
                                                                                                             Three months ended                 Twelve months ended




                                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                  December 31,    September 30,    December 31,       December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                        2025             2025            2024               2025              2024
Earnings per share – basic 1
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                          1.36            1.35            1.28                5.31               4.58
Adjustments                                                                              (0.72)          (0.25)           0.16                (1.30)            (0.27)
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                   0.64            1.10            1.44                4.01               4.31
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                   −                −               −                    −             (0.08)
Net earnings                                                                              0.64            1.10            1.44                4.01               4.23
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.


EFFECT OF CONSOLIDATION
Effect of consolidation reflects:
   The elimination of intercompany transactions; and
   The application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under common ownership to the reported net
     earnings of the publicly traded operating companies, which include:
         i)   An adjustment related to Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI; and
         ii) An allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio, including Wealthsimple, the Portage Ventures Funds and
              Portage Capital Solutions, to the contributions from Lifeco and IGM based on their respective interest.
The following table summarizes the effect of consolidation on adjusted net earnings for Lifeco and IGM:
                                                                                                             Three months ended                 Twelve months ended
                                                                                  December 31,    September 30,   December 31,        December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                        2025             2025           2024                2025              2024
Lifeco                                                                                    (33)             (20)            (11)                (53)                (48)
IGM 1                                                                                     (12)             (19)              5                 (45)                (17)
                                                                                          (45)             (39)             (6)                (98)                (65)
1 The second and third quarters of 2025 include a charge of $14 million and $38 million, respectively, related to IGM’s share of the carried interest payable due to the
  increase in fair value of the investment held in Wealthsimple through a limited partnership managed by Sagard ($33 million in the twelve-month period ended
  December 31, 2024).




                       Q4 2025 vs. Q4 2024 and Q3 2025                                                                2025 vs. 2024

Net earnings
$408 million or $0.64 per share, compared with $933 million or                          $2,572 million or $4.01 per share, compared with $2,743 million or
$1.44 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease                         $4.23 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease
of 55.6% on a per share basis, and $703 million or $1.10 per share                      of 5.2% on a per share basis.
in the third quarter of 2025.
Net earnings from continuing operations
$408 million or $0.64 per share, compared with $933 million or                          $2,572 million or $4.01 per share, compared with $2,792 million or
$1.44 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease                         $4.31 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a decrease of
of 55.6% on a per share basis, and $703 million or $1.10 per share                      7.0% on a per share basis.
in the third quarter of 2025.
Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
$867 million or $1.36 per share, compared with $829 million or                          $3,400 million or $5.31 per share, compared with $2,971 million or
$1.28 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                        $4.58 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
of 6.3% on a per share basis, and $863 million or $1.35 per share                       of 15.9% on a per share basis.
in the third quarter of 2025.

Contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations from Lifeco, IGM and GBL
Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of          Contribution to net earnings from continuing operations of
$645 million, compared with $933 million in the corresponding       $3,016 million, compared with $3,275 million in the corresponding
period in 2024, a decrease of 30.9%, and $855 million in the third  period in 2024, a decrease of 7.9%.
quarter of 2025.
Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                        Contribution to adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
of $986 million, compared with $928 million in the corresponding                        of $3,740 million, compared with $3,454 million in the
period in 2024, an increase of 6.3%, and $980 million in the third                      corresponding period in 2024, an increase of 8.3%.
quarter of 2025.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            A  21
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Main Drivers of Earnings
                                       NET EAR NINGS AND ADJU STED NET EAR NING S FROM CONTINU ING OPERATIONS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings for the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 decreased by $525 million or 56.3%
                                       and adjusted net earnings increased by $38 million or 4.6% from the corresponding quarter in 2024:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings decreased by $40 million or 5.3% and contribution to adjusted net earnings increased
                                           by $96 million or 12.6%.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $44 million or 27.7% and by $34 million or
                                           21.8%, respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of negative $195 million and to adjusted net earnings of negative $15 million,
                                           compared with a contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of positive $18 million in the corresponding quarter
                                           in 2024.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a positive contribution
                                           of $26 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $139 million from Power Sustainable in the fourth quarter of
                                           2025, compared with a positive contribution of $49 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $71 million from
                                           Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings (asset management and investing
                                           activities) include a positive contribution of $26 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $21 million from
                                           Power Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $33 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of
                                           $43 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding quarter in 2024.
                                       The Corporation’s net earnings for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 decreased by $220 million or 7.9%
                                       and adjusted net earnings increased by $429 million or 14.4% from the corresponding period in 2024:
                                         Lifeco: contribution to net earnings decreased by $17 million or 0.6% and contribution to adjusted net earnings increased
                                           by $333 million or 11.7%.
                                         IGM: contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings increased by $107 million or 18.4%, and by $99 million or
                                           16.9%, respectively.
                                         GBL: contribution to net earnings of negative $263 million and to adjusted net earnings of negative $38 million in the
                                           twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, compared with a contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings
                                           of positive $31 million and positive $75 million, respectively, in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                         Sagard and Power Sustainable: net earnings (asset management and investing activities) include a positive contribution
                                           of $158 million from Sagard and a negative contribution of $169 million from Power Sustainable in the twelve-month
                                           period ended December 31, 2025, compared with a positive contribution of $81 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $178 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings (asset
                                           management and investing activities) include a positive contribution of $158 million from Sagard and a negative
                                           contribution of $53 million from Power Sustainable, compared with a positive contribution of $65 million from Sagard
                                           and a negative contribution of $136 million from Power Sustainable in the corresponding period in 2024.

                                       A discussion of the results of Lifeco, IGM, GBL and Sagard and Power Sustainable is provided in the sections “Lifeco”, “IGM
                                       Financial”, “GBL” and “Sagard and Power Sustainable” in the section “Review of Segments and Operating Results” below.
                                       For additional discussion of the results of Lifeco and IGM, refer to Parts B and C, respectively, of this MD&A.




                                           A  22                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


REVIEW OF SEGMENTS AND OPERATIN G RESULTS




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PUBLICLY TRADED OPERATING COMPANIES

Lifeco

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
and asset management and reinsurance businesses. Lifeco operates primarily in the U.S., Canada and Europe under the
brands Empower, Canada Life and Irish Life. For reporting purposes, Lifeco has four major reportable segments: the United
States, Canada, Europe, and Capital and Risk Solutions. Lifeco focuses on four key lines of business that extend across its
reportable operating segments: Retirement (serves the retirement needs of customers, primarily through employer plan
sponsor-enabled relationships); Wealth (advice-enabled wealth management solutions for retail customers including retail
savings and wealth products); Group Benefits (health and wellness benefits that are delivered at scale primarily through
employer plan sponsor-enabled relationships including Group Life & Health); and Insurance & Risk Solutions (including life
insurance, disability, and critical illness coverage for individuals, and payout annuities for individuals and pension plans as
well as reinsurance).
The United States segment is operated by Empower, a leading provider of employer-sponsored retirement savings plans in
the public/non-profit and corporate sectors. Empower consists of: Empower Workplace Solutions, which aligns with the
Retirement line of business, offering saving, investing and advisory services through employer-sponsored plans; and
Empower Personal Wealth, which aligns with the Wealth line of business, offering individual product solutions and providing
retail wealth management products and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and after-tax
investment accounts. The United States segment also includes an allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s Corporate results and the
results of Putnam, classified as discontinued operations in 2024.
The Canada segment is operated by Canada Life, offering a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for
individuals, families, businesses and organizations through four primary lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits
and Insurance & Annuities and includes an allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s Corporate results. Through the Retirement
business unit, Lifeco provides retirement savings, income and annuity products and other speciality products to group clients
in Canada. Through the Wealth business unit, Canada Life provides wealth savings and income products and services to
individual customers. Through the Group Benefits business unit, Canada Life provides life, accidental death and
dismemberment, critical illness, disability, health and dental protection and creditor insurance to group clients in Canada.
The Insurance & Annuities business unit offers individual life, disability and critical illness insurance products and services, as
well as individual life annuities to individual customers.
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The Europe segment operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in Ireland
along with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland and includes an allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s
Corporate results. The Retirement business unit includes group pensions business in Ireland, and the Group Benefits business
unit consists of group life and health insurance business in the U.K. and Ireland. The Wealth business unit consists of
investment products offered in the U.K., pension, savings and investment products offered in Ireland and pension products
offered in Germany. The Insurance & Annuities business unit consists of bulk and individual payout annuities offered in the
U.K. and Ireland, equity-release mortgages offered in the U.K., and individual protection insurance offered in Ireland and
Germany.
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco’s reinsurance business under the Insurance & Risk Solutions line of
business, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland, and includes an allocation of a portion of
Lifeco’s Corporate results. Reinsurance products are provided through Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both
reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with clients or through reinsurance brokers. In June 2025, Lifeco
announced that the Capital and Risk Solutions segment ceased new business for its U.S. traditional life mortality risk
reinsurance line of business in order to increase focus on core markets of structured solutions, longevity reinsurance and
catastrophe retrocession.
The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business units,
including certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly associated with
the operations of the major business units, the results of PanAgora, dividend income from shareholdings in Franklin
Templeton, and the results of the U.S. insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately
participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life Insurance Company, as well as a closed life retrocession
block and GLWB products.
See Part B of this MD&A for additional information on Lifeco.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               A  23
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       R ES U LTS
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                        Three months ended                     Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                       December 31,       September 30,         December 31,           December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                             2025                2025                 2024                   2025           2024
                                       Average direct ownership (%)                                                            68.7                 68.8                 68.2                 68.6           68.2
                                       Contribution to earnings
                                         Net earnings from continuing operations                                                649                  765                  735                2,621          2,661
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                       823                  822                  749                3,138          2,810

                                       Dividend received                                                                                                                                     1,544          1,411

                                                                                                                                                                                       December 31,   December 31,
                                       As at                                                                                                                                                 2025           2024
                                       Contribution to holding company balance sheets
                                         Investment in Lifeco, carrying value                                                                                                               17,237         17,108
                                         % of total holding company assets                                                                                                                    58.4           59.6

                                          Investment in Lifeco, fair value                                                                                                                  42,147         30,292
                                          % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                                    69.2           67.7



                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                       Three months ended                      Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                      December 31,        September 30,        December 31,            December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                            2025                 2025                2024                    2025           2024

                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
                                          Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                               As reported by Lifeco                                                           856                   842                 760                3,191           2,858
                                               Effect of consolidation 1                                                        (33)                 (20)                 (11)                 (53)           (48)
                                                                                                                               823                   822                 749                3,138           2,810
                                          Adjustments
                                               As reported by Lifeco                                                          (135)                  (47)                   1                 (473)          (123)
                                               Effect of consolidation 2                                                        (39)                 (10)                 (15)                 (44)           (26)
                                                                                                                              (174)                  (57)                 (14)                (517)          (149)
                                          Net earnings from continuing operations                                              649                   765                 735                2,621           2,661
                                          Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                               −                     −                   −                    −            (48)
                                          Net earnings                                                                         649                   765                 735                2,621           2,613
                                       1 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common ownership including an adjustment for Lifeco’s investment in PSEIP, PSM and SHMI and an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” for details of Effect of consolidation.




                                       Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                                                       Three months ended                      Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                       December 31,       September 30,        December 31,            December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                             2025                2025                2024                    2025           2024

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 1 2                                    1.36                 1.33                 1.20                 5.03           4.50
                                       Adjustments 3                                                                          (0.21)               (0.08)                   −                (0.74)         (0.20)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                               1.15                 1.25                 1.20                 4.29           4.30
                                                       1
                                       Net earnings                                                                            1.15                 1.25                 1.20                 4.29           4.23
                                       1 Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
                                       2 Defined as “base earnings per common share” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” in Part B of this MD&A.
                                       3 See the section “Adjustments” below.




                                               A  24                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Contribution to adjusted and net earnings by segments as reported by Lifeco
                                                                                                                      Three months ended                    Twelve months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                       December 31,       September 30,      December 31,         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                             2025                2025                 2024              2025                  2024
                                                                                                                                 (restated) 1                            (restated) 1

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations 2 3
   United States                                                                                 440                436                381                1,582             1,408
   Canada                                                                                        400                371                362                1,462             1,418
   Europe                                                                                        256                266                260                1,023                946
   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                    258                265                232                  965                856
   Corporate                                                                                    (109)              (113)              (120)                (383)              (436)
                                                                                               1,245              1,225              1,115                4,649             4,192
Adjustments 4
   Market experience relative to expectations 5                                                   (61)                40                38                 (216)               214
   Assumption changes and management actions 5                                                    (27)               (25)               16                   (87)             (149)
   Business transformation and other impacts                                                      (73)               (56)              (30)                (260)              (112)
   Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets                              (36)               (37)              (37)                (148)              (148)
   Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                    −                 11                14                    22                14
                                                                                                (197)                (67)                 1                (689)              (181)
Net earnings from continuing operations 2
   United States                                                                                 417                376                333                1,436             1,229
   Canada                                                                                        425                483                377                1,464             1,640
   Europe                                                                                        128                188                339                  609                930
   Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                    203                280                203                  861                656
   Corporate                                                                                    (125)              (169)              (136)                (410)              (444)
Net earnings from continuing operations 2                                                      1,048              1,158              1,116                3,960             4,011
Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                           −                  −                  −                    −              (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations – Putnam                                          −                  −                  −                    −                44
                 2
Net earnings                                                                                   1,048              1,158              1,116                3,960             3,940
1 In the first quarter of 2025, Lifeco made disclosure enhancements to the segment and line of business classifications and has restated the comparative results for 2024 to
  conform with the current presentation. For additional information, refer to the section “Summary of Earnings Reclassifications” in Part B of this MD&A.
2 Attributable to Lifeco common shareholders.
3 Defined as “base earnings (loss)” by Lifeco, a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation by segment.
4 See the section “Adjustments” below. Described as “items excluded from base earnings” by Lifeco; refer to Part B of this MD&A.
5 Refer to Part B of this MD&A for more details, including a definition of these Adjustments.


                       Q4 2025 vs. Q4 2024 and Q3 2025                                                                        2025 vs. 2024

Net earnings
$1,048 million or $1.15 per share, compared with $1,116 million                            $3,960 million or $4.29 per share, compared with $3,940 million
or $1.20 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a                                  or $4.23 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an
decrease of 4.2% on a per share basis, and $1,158 million or                               increase of 1.4% on a per share basis.
$1.25 per share in the third quarter of 2025.

Net earnings from continuing operations
$1,048 million or $1.15 per share, compared with $1,116 million                            $3,960 million or $4.29 per share, compared with $4,011 million
or $1.20 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a                                  or $4.30 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, a
decrease of 4.2% on a per share basis, and $1,158 million or                               decrease of 0.2% on a per share basis.
$1.25 per share in the third quarter of 2025.

Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
$1,245 million or $1.36 per share, compared with $1,115 million                            $4,649 million or $5.03 per share, compared with $4,192 million
or $1.20 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an                                 or $4.50 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an
increase of 13.3% on a per share basis, and $1,225 million or                              increase of 11.8% on a per share basis.
$1.33 per share in the third quarter of 2025.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                      A  25
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       UNITED STATES (CONTINUING OPERATIONS)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 increased by US$63 million
                                       (C$84 million) to US$300 million (C$417 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       were US$317 million (C$440 million) in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025, an increase of US$45 million
                                       (C$59 million), compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Higher fee and spread income driven by higher asset levels from elevated equity markets and participant growth in both
                                           the Retirement and Wealth businesses; and
                                         Favourable tax adjustments in the Retirement business;
                                         Partially offset by an increase in operating expenses incurred to support the growth in both the Retirement and Wealth
                                           businesses.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative US$17 million
                                       (C$23 million), compared with negative US$35 million (C$48 million) in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in
                                       negative Adjustments was primarily due to the non-recurrence of guarantee assessment fees associated with an acquired
                                       business in the fourth quarter of 2024 recognized in the Retirement business, as well as model refinement in the current year,
                                       which was recognized in both the Retirement and Wealth businesses. These increases were partially offset by general
                                       restructuring costs and higher integration expenses.
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 increased by US$135 million
                                       (C$207 million) to US$1,031 million (C$1,436 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings
                                       were US$1,136 million (C$1,582 million) in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, an increase of US$108 million
                                       (C$174 million), compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the same reasons explained in the three-
                                       month period above, partially offset by higher credit-related impacts on invested assets in both the Retirement and Wealth
                                       businesses.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative US$105 million
                                       (C$146 million), compared with negative US$132 million (C$179 million) in the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease in
                                       negative adjustments was primarily due to:
                                         The non-recurrence of prior-year Prudential integration and restructuring expenses;
                                         Model refinement in the current year, which was recognized in both the Retirement and Wealth businesses; and
                                         Favourable tax adjustments recognized in the current year in the Retirement business;
                                         Partially offset by higher guarantee assessment fees in the current year compared with the prior year.

                                       CANADA
                                       Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 increased by $48 million to $425 million, compared with
                                       the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 were
                                       $400 million, an increase of $38 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Favourable Group Benefits and Individual Insurance experience;
                                         Higher fee income due to higher assets resulting from market appreciation; and
                                         Changes in certain tax estimates;
                                         Partially offset by lower earnings on surplus from lower interest rates.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of positive $25 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of positive $15 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, including market experience relative
                                       to expectations of positive $30 million, compared with positive $9 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to
                                       more favourable private equity performance and credit spread impact, partially offset by less favourable interest rate impacts.
                                       Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 decreased by $176 million to $1,464 million, compared
                                       with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 were
                                       $1,462 million, an increase of $44 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         Higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable long-term disability experience;
                                         Higher Retirement earnings from asset growth driven by market appreciation; and
                                         Changes in certain tax estimates;
                                         Partially offset by lower earnings on surplus from lower interest rates.
                                       Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of positive $2 million,
                                       compared with Adjustments of positive $222 million in the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to:
                                         A restructuring provision recorded in the second quarter of 2025;
                                         Less favourable impact of assumption changes and management actions. For additional information, refer to the section
                                           “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A; and
                                         Less favourable interest rate and public equity impacts;
                                         Partially offset by improved credit spread and private equity performance.


                                           A  26                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


EUROPE
Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 decreased by $211 million to $128 million, compared
with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 were




                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
$256 million, a decrease of $4 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
  Lower Group Benefits earnings from unfavourable group benefits experience in the U.K., partially offset by favourable
    group mortality experience in Ireland; and
  Lower Insurance & Annuities earnings due to Ireland’s less favourable individual protection experience and lower equity-
    release mortgage (ERM) origination fees in the U.K.;
  Partially offset by higher Wealth earnings from higher fee income driven by client assets growth and the positive impact
    of currency movements across all lines of business.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $128 million,
compared with Adjustments of positive $79 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to:
  Unfavourable impact of assumption changes and management actions. For additional information, refer to the section
    “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A;
  Unfavourable market experience relative to expectations compared with a positive impact in the prior year, primarily due
    to the impact of changes in risk-free interest rates; and
  Negative business transformation and other impacts, primarily due to higher restructuring costs.
Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 decreased by $321 million to $609 million, compared
with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 were
$1,023 million, an increase of $77 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to:
  Higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable experience in the U.K. and Ireland;
  Higher Wealth earnings from higher fee income driven by client assets growth; and
  Positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business;
  Partially offset by lower earnings on surplus resulting from dividends paid to the parent holding company and lower
    trading gains.
Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $414 million,
compared with Adjustments of negative $16 million in the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to:
  More unfavourable assumption changes and management actions. For additional information, refer to the section
    “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A;
  Unfavourable market experience relative to expectations compared with a positive impact in the prior year, primarily due
    to the impact of a reduction in credit spreads in the U.K. and from changes in risk-free interest rates; and
  Negative business transformation and other impacts, primarily due to higher restructuring costs.

CAPITAL AND RISK SOLUTIONS
Net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 of $203 million were comparable with the corresponding
quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 were $258 million, an increase
of $26 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily driven by Capital Solutions new business growth,
and modest unfavourable insurance experience as a result of fourth quarter seasonality and the benefit of a diversified
portfolio.
Adjusted net earnings in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $55 million,
compared with Adjustments of negative $29 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to a negative impact
from a management action relating to an international legacy insurance portfolio, as well as the impact of interest rate and
credit spread relative to expectations.
Net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 increased by $205 million to $861 million, compared
with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 were
$965 million, an increase of $109 million compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the same reasons
explained in the three-month period above.
Adjusted net earnings in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 excluded Adjustments of negative $104 million,
compared with Adjustments of negative $200 million in the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to the change in net
impact of actuarial assumption updates, and the impact of interest rate and credit spread movements relative to expectations.
For additional information, refer to the section “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” in Part B of this MD&A.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                          A  27
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings from continuing operations in the determination of adjusted net earnings
                                       by Lifeco’s management. Refer to the further discussion above in each of Lifeco’s operating segments.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In 2025, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $689 million after tax consist of:
                                          In the fourth quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $197 million, which consisted of business
                                             transformation and other impacts of negative $73 million after tax (negative $91 million pre-tax), market experience
                                             relative to expectations of negative $61 million after tax (negative $84 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related
                                             finite life intangibles of negative $36 million after tax (negative $49 million pre-tax), and assumption changes and
                                             management actions of negative $27 million after tax (negative $28 million pre-tax).
                                          In the third quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $67 million, which consisted of business
                                             transformation and other impacts of negative $56 million after tax (negative $68 million pre-tax), amortization of
                                             acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $47 million pre-tax), and assumption
                                             changes and management actions of negative $25 million after tax (negative $25 million pre-tax), partially offset by
                                             market experience relative to expectations of positive $40 million after tax (positive $47 million pre-tax), and a positive
                                             impact from tax legislative changes and other tax impacts of $11 million.
                                          In the second quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $255 million, which consisted of business
                                             transformation and other impacts 1 of negative $121 million after tax (negative $181 million pre-tax), market experience
                                             relative to expectations of negative $104 million after tax (negative $116 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-
                                             related finite life intangibles of negative $38 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax), and assumption changes and
                                             management actions of negative $3 million after tax (negative $5 million pre-tax), partially offset by a positive impact from
                                             tax legislative changes and other tax impacts of $11 million.
                                          In the first quarter of 2025, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $170 million, which consisted of market experience
                                             relative to expectations of negative $91 million after tax (negative $113 million pre-tax), amortization of acquisition-related
                                             finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax), assumption changes and management
                                             actions of negative $32 million after tax (negative $42 million pre-tax), and business transformation and other impacts of
                                             negative $10 million after tax (negative $13 million pre-tax).
                                       In 2024, Adjustments with a net negative earnings impact of $181 million after tax consisted of:
                                          In the fourth quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net positive impact of $1 million, which consisted of market experience
                                             relative to expectations of positive $38 million after tax (positive $59 million pre-tax), assumption changes and
                                             management actions of positive $16 million after tax (positive $21 million pre-tax), and a positive impact from tax
                                             legislative changes and other tax impacts of $14 million, partially offset by amortization of acquisition-related finite life
                                             intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $51 million pre-tax), and business transformation impacts of
                                             negative $30 million after tax (negative $34 million pre-tax).
                                          In the third quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $202 million, which consisted of assumption
                                             changes and management actions of negative $203 million after tax (negative $235 million pre-tax), amortization of
                                             acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $36 million after tax (negative $47 million pre-tax), and business
                                             transformation and other impacts of negative $4 million after tax (negative $7 million pre-tax), partially offset by market
                                             experience relative to expectations of positive $41 million after tax (positive $46 million pre-tax).
                                          In the second quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net negative impact of $33 million, which consisted of business
                                             transformation and other impacts of negative $29 million after tax (negative $35 million pre-tax), amortization of
                                             acquisition-related finite life intangibles of negative $37 million after tax (negative $52 million pre-tax), and a negative
                                             impact from tax legislative changes 2 of $34 million, partially offset by assumption changes and management actions of
                                             positive $39 million after tax (positive $1 million pre-tax) and market experience relative to expectations of positive
                                             $28 million after tax (positive $45 million pre-tax).
                                          In the first quarter of 2024, Adjustments were a net positive impact of $53 million, which consisted of market experience
                                             relative to expectations of positive $107 million after tax (positive $136 million pre-tax) and a positive impact from tax
                                             legislative changes and other tax impacts 2 of $34 million, partially offset by assumption changes and management actions
                                             of negative $1 million after tax (positive $3 million pre-tax), business transformation and other impacts of negative
                                             $49 million after tax (negative $67 million pre-tax), and amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles of
                                             negative $38 million after tax (negative $50 million pre-tax). 1

                                       The information above has been derived from Lifeco’s annual MD&A; see Part B of this MD&A for additional information on
                                       Lifeco’s annual results. Lifeco’s most recent annual MD&A is available under its profile on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).



                                       1 Includes the provision releases related to unclaimed deposits from current and former shareholders related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial Corporation,
                                         recorded in the Corporate segment in the second quarter of 2025.
                                       2 The GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024, retroactive to January 1, 2024. The negative impact recognized in the second quarter of 2024 included a
                                         $34 million retroactive impact for the first quarter of 2024 as a result of Canada’s enactment of legislation in the second quarter. The adjusted net earnings for the first
                                         quarter of 2024 have been presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024, reflecting the impact to adjusted net earnings
                                         of $34 million. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for further details.


                                             A  28                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


IGM Financial

OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S




                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in Canada, and
institutional investors globally. IGM’s core business is comprised of wealth manager IG Wealth Management and asset
manager Mackenzie Investments. IGM also holds a number of strategic investments that provide benefits to the operating
subsidiaries while furthering IGM’s growth prospects. IGM has three reportable segments: Wealth Management, Asset
Management, and Corporate and Other.
The Wealth Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally
focused on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities
of IG Wealth Management, a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its investment dealer
and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. IG Wealth Management provides clients with
personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning, insurance and mortgage services and professionally managed
investment solutions. IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from its competition by offering comprehensive planning to
its clients that synchronizes their financial lives. This segment also includes the investment management activities of these
organizations, including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services, as well as IGM’s
strategic investments in Rockefeller (classified as an investment in an associate) and Wealthsimple (classified by IGM as an
investment at FVOCI).
The Asset Management segment reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments which provides
investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third-party dealers and financial
advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional investors.
Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management solutions provider and provides investment management and
related services with a wide range of investment mandates through a boutique structure and multiple distribution channels.
Mackenzie seeks to be Canada’s preferred global asset management solutions provider and business partner. This segment
also includes IGM’s strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf, which are classified as investments in associates.
The Corporate and Other segment primarily represents the investments made by IGM in Lifeco and the Portage Ventures
Funds (refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”), IGM’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination
entries.
See Part C of this MD&A for additional information on IGM.

R ES U LTS
Contribution to Power Corporation
                                                                                                     Three months ended           Twelve months ended
                                                                            December 31,   September 30,   December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                  2025            2025           2024           2025           2024
Average direct ownership (%)                                                       62.9            62.5           62.2           62.6           62.3
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings from continuing operations                                          191             168            180            658             583
  Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                 178             169            161            640             569

Dividend received                                                                                                                333             333

                                                                                                                          December 31,   December 31,
As at                                                                                                                           2025           2024
Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in IGM, carrying value                                                                                            4,337           4,094
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                              14.7           14.3


  Investment in IGM, fair value                                                                                                9,144           6,792
  % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                               15.0           15.2




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  A  29
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                                                                          Three months ended                      Twelve months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                         December 31,        September 30,        December 31,            December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                               2025                 2025                2024                    2025           2024
                                       Contribution to Power Corporation’s
                                         Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations
                                            As reported by IGM 1                                                                  190                   188                 156                  685             586
                                            Effect of consolidation 2                                                              (12)                 (19)                   5                  (45)           (17)
                                                                                                                                  178                   169                 161                  640             569
                                          Adjustments
                                            As reported by IGM                                                                      13                    (2)                  3                    5             (3)
                                            Effect of consolidation 3                                                                −                     1                  16                  13              17
                                                                                                                                    13                    (1)                 19                  18              14
                                          Net earnings from continuing operations                                                 191                   168                 180                  658             583
                                          Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
                                            Effect of consolidation 4                                                                −                     −                   −                    −             (1)
                                          Net earnings                                                                            191                   168                 180                  658             582
                                       1 Based on adjusted net earnings available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       2 The Effect of consolidation includes the elimination of intercompany transactions and the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common ownership including an allocation of the results of the fintech portfolio.
                                       3 Refer to the section “Adjustments” for details of Effect of consolidation.
                                       4 Represents IGM’s share of the discontinued operations of Lifeco.




                                       Adjusted and net earnings per share as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                                           Three months ended                     Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                          December 31,        September 30,       December 31,            December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                2025                 2025               2024                    2025           2024
                                       Adjusted net earnings 1 2                                                                   1.27                 1.27                1.05                 4.61           3.95
                                       Adjustments 3 4                                                                             0.09                (0.01)               0.02                 0.03          (0.02)
                                       Net earnings 1 5                                                                            1.36                 1.26                1.07                 4.64           3.93
                                       1 Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       2 Adjusted net earnings per share is a non-IFRS ratio; refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures” in Part C of this MD&A.
                                       3 See the section “Adjustments” below.
                                       4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.
                                       5 Diluted earnings per share.


                                       Contribution to adjusted net earnings by segments and net earnings as reported by IGM
                                                                                                                                                           Three months ended                     Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                          December 31,        September 30,       December 31,            December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                2025                 2025               2024                    2025           2024
                                       Wealth Management 1                                                                         178                   158                 133                 591             478
                                       Asset Management 1                                                                            88                  110                  87                 377             350
                                       Corporate and Other 1                                                                         35                   33                  30                 125             111
                                                                   23
                                       Adjusted net earnings                                                                       301                   301                 250                1,093            939
                                       Adjustments 3 4                                                                               21                    (3)                  5                   8             (5)
                                                       2
                                       Net earnings                                                                                322                   298                 255                1,101            934
                                       1 Debt and interest expense is allocated to each segment based on IGM’s assessment of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is being serviced.
                                       2 Available to IGM common shareholders.
                                       3 Adjusted net earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure; refer to Part C of this MD&A for additional details including a definition and reconciliation. IGM does not allocate
                                         Adjustments to segments.
                                       4 Described as “Other items” by IGM; refer to Part C of this MD&A.




                                             A  30                                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                      Q4 2025 vs. Q4 2024 and Q3 2025                                                       2025 vs 2024

Net earnings




                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
$322 million or $1.36 per share, compared with $255 million or                   $1,101 million or $4.64 per share, compared with $934 million or
$1.07 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                 $3.93 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
of 27.1% on a per share basis, and $298 million or $1.26 per share               of 18.1% on a per share basis.
in the third quarter of 2025.

Adjusted net earnings
$301 million or $1.27 per share, compared with $250 million or                   $1,093 million or $4.61 per share, compared with $939 million or
$1.05 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase                 $3.95 per share in the corresponding period in 2024, an increase
of 21.0% on a per share basis, and $301 million or $1.27 per share               of 16.7% on a per share basis.
in the third quarter of 2025.


Adjusted net earnings exclude Adjustments of a positive earnings impact of $8 million in the twelve-month period ended
December 31, 2025, which include a positive earnings impact of $21 million in the fourth quarter, compared with Adjustments
of a negative earnings impact of $5 million in the corresponding twelve-month period in 2024. These Adjustments are not
allocated to segments. The following is a summary of each segment’s net earnings and adjusted net earnings:

WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Adjusted net earnings increased by $45 million to $178 million in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025,
compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a positive
contribution from strategic investments of $11 million, compared with a negative contribution of $2 million in the
corresponding quarter of 2024. The contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by
$32 million to $167 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in income from advisory fees of $41 million to $383 million, primarily due to the increase in average assets
     under advisement (AUA) 1 of 13.2%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The average advisory fee rate
     for the three-month period was 96.3 basis points of average AUA, compared with 97.7 basis points in the corresponding
     quarter in 2024. Fee rates are determined based on client AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on
     changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix;                     1




  An increase in income from product and program fees of $34 million to $300 million, primarily due to the increase in
     average assets under management (AUM) 1 of 13.1%. The average product and program fee rate for the three-month
     period was 85.3 basis points of AUM, compared with 85.5 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2024; and
  An increase in other financial planning revenues of $11 million to $53 million, primarily due to higher earnings from
     mortgage banking operations and higher revenues from the distribution of insurance products.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $33 million to $307 million in the three-month period
     which includes compensation paid to advisors, the majority of which varies directly with asset or sales levels. Asset-based
     compensation increased by $25 million to $203 million, primarily due to an increase in AUA. Sales-based compensation
     payments are based upon the level of net new assets contributed to client accounts and are capitalized and amortized as
     they reflect incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based compensation increased by $3 million to
     $30 million. Other advisory and business development expenses increased by $5 million to $74 million in the three-
     month period, primarily due to higher compensation paid on the distribution of insurance products;
  An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $7 million to $57 million, primarily due to changes in AUM; and
  An increase in income taxes of $11 million to $61 million.
Adjusted net earnings increased by $113 million to $591 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025,
compared with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Wealth Management include a positive
contribution from strategic investments of $9 million, compared with a negative contribution of $12 million in the
corresponding period in 2024. The contribution to adjusted net earnings from IG Wealth Management increased by
$92 million to $582 million, primarily due to:
  An increase in income from advisory fees of $145 million to $1,440 million, primarily due to the increase in average AUA
     of 12.9%, partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate and one less calendar day in the twelve-month period of
     2025, compared with the same period in 2024. The average advisory fee rate for the twelve-month period was 97.3 basis
     points of average AUA, compared with 98.8 basis points in the corresponding period in 2024;
  An increase in income from product and program fees of $118 million to $1,113 million, primarily due to the increase in
     average AUM of 12.5%. The average product and program fee rate for the twelve-month period was 85.2 basis points of
     AUM, compared with 85.6 basis points in the corresponding period in 2024; and
  An increase in other financial planning revenues of $25 million to $180 million, primarily due to the same reasons
     explained in the three-month period above.


1 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             A  31
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in advisory and business development expenses of $119 million to $1,153 million in the twelve-month
                                           period. Asset-based compensation increased by $97 million to $762 million, primarily due to the same reason explained




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                           in the three-month period above. Sales-based compensation increased by $10 million to $115 million. Other advisory
                                           and business development expenses increased by $12 million to $276 million in the twelve-month period, primarily due
                                           to the same reason explained in the three-month period above;
                                         An increase in sub-advisory expenses of $25 million to $216 million, primarily due to the same reason explained in the
                                           three-month period above;
                                         An increase in operations and support expenses of $13 million to $475 million, which includes costs that support wealth
                                           management and other general and administrative functions such as product management, technology and operations,
                                           as well as other functional business units and corporate expenses;
                                         A decrease in net investment income and other of $4 million to $8 million. Net investment income and other consists of
                                           unrealized gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds, investment income earned on cash and cash equivalents
                                           and securities, and other income not related to IG Wealth Management’s core business. It also includes a charge from
                                           the Corporate and Other segment for the use of unallocated capital; and
                                         An increase in income taxes of $34 million to $212 million.

                                       ASSET MANAGEMENT
                                       The Asset Management segment includes the fees received from IGM’s investment funds, Wealth Management segment and
                                       third parties for investment management services.
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $1 million to $88 million in the three-month period ended December 31, 2025, compared
                                       with the corresponding quarter in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution of
                                       $28 million from strategic investments, an increase of $3 million compared with the corresponding quarter in 2024. The adjusted
                                       net earnings of Mackenzie decreased by $2 million to $60 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in expenses of $12 million to $134 million, primarily due to an increase in advisory and business development
                                           expenses of $6 million and an increase in operations and support expenses of $6 million compared with the corresponding
                                           quarter in 2024. The increase in advisory and business development expenses was primarily attributed to higher wholesaler
                                           commissions consistent with the increase in investment fund net sales. Operations and support expenses include costs
                                           associated with business operations, including technology and business processes, in-house investment management and
                                           product shelf management, corporate management and support functions. These expenses primarily reflect compensation,
                                           technology and other service provider expenses; and
                                         A decrease in net investment income and other of $7 million to $2 million. Net investment income and other primarily
                                           includes investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments in proprietary funds, which are generally made in the process
                                           of launching a fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
                                           $16 million to $221 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $185 million, an increase of $12 million compared
                                           with the corresponding quarter in 2024, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 15.2%, partially offset by a
                                           decrease in the net asset management fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 49.0 basis points for the
                                           three months ended December 31, 2025, compared with 52.8 basis points in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The
                                           decrease in rate was driven by a change in the composition of AUM, including the impact of having a greater share in non-
                                           retail-priced products. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $35 million, an increase of $4 million from the
                                           corresponding quarter in 2024.
                                       Adjusted net earnings increased by $27 million to $377 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025,
                                       compared with the corresponding period in 2024. Adjusted net earnings of Asset Management includes a positive contribution
                                       of $138 million from strategic investments, compared with $116 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The adjusted net
                                       earnings of Mackenzie increased by $5 million to $239 million, primarily due to:
                                         An increase in net asset management fees, which is asset management fees offset by dealer compensation expenses, of
                                           $51 million to $834 million. Net asset management fees – third party were $701 million, an increase of $39 million
                                           compared with the corresponding period in 2024, primarily due to an increase in the average AUM of 11.4%, partially
                                           offset by a decrease in the net asset management fee rate and one less calendar day in the twelve-month period of 2025.
                                           Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 50.0 basis points for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025,
                                           compared with 52.9 basis points in the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease in rate was driven by the same reason
                                           explained in the three-month period above. Asset management fees – Wealth Management were $133 million, an
                                           increase of $12 million from the corresponding period in 2024.




                                           A  32                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


  Partially offset by:
   An increase in expenses of $36 million to $499 million, primarily due to an increase in operations and support expenses of
      $23 million and an increase in advisory and business development expenses of $13 million in the twelve-month period. The




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
      increase in advisory and business development expenses was primarily attributed to the same reason explained in the
      three-month period above;
   A decrease in net investment income and other of $9 million to $15 million; and
   An increase in income taxes of $2 million to $86 million.

ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT AND ADVISEMENT

AUA are the key driver of the Wealth Management segment.
AUM are the key driver of the Asset Management segment and an additional driver of revenues and expenses within the
Wealth Management segment in relation to its investment management activities.
Total assets under management and advisement (AUM&A) were as follows:
                                                                                           December 31,       September 30,         December 31,     September 30,
(in billions of dollars)                                                                         2025                2025                 2024              2024
Wealth Management
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                         138.7               138.0               123.2              120.8
  IG Wealth Management other AUA                                                                    20.2                17.9                 17.2              15.6
Assets under advisement                                                                            158.9               155.9               140.4              136.4
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                                  151.2               146.7               129.9              128.5
  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                         92.8                92.8                 83.4              83.6
Assets under management                                                                            244.0               239.5               213.3              212.1
Consolidated 1
  Assets under management                                                                          289.9               284.7               253.1              249.3
  Assets under management and advisement 2                                                         310.1               302.6               270.4              264.9
1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. In the Wealth Management segment, assets under management is a component part of assets under advisement. All
  instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its products through the Wealth Management segment are
  eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core businesses.
2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.


Total average assets under management and advisement were as follows:
                                                                                                                          2025                                   2024
(in billions of dollars)                                                                      Q4        Q3        Q2          Q1      Q4       Q3        Q2       Q1
Wealth Management
  IG Wealth Management AUA                                                                157.8     150.5     141.2     142.5      139.4   132.9     128.1    124.0
  IG Wealth Management AUM                                                                139.5     133.0     124.5     125.5      123.3   117.7     113.5    110.0
Asset Management
  Third-party AUM                                                                         149.7     141.2     132.7     132.2      130.0   125.7     122.8    121.0
  Total AUM                                                                               243.2     230.7     217.9     217.5      213.9   207.5     201.8    198.9
Consolidated 1
  Assets under management                                                                 289.2     274.2     257.2     257.7      253.3   243.4     236.3    231.0
  Assets under management and advisement 2                                                307.5     291.7     273.8     274.7      269.3   258.6     250.9    245.0
1 Represents the consolidated AUM&A of IGM. All instances where the Asset Management segment is providing investment management services or distributing its
  products through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in IGM’s reporting such that there is no double counting of the same client savings held at IGM’s core
  businesses.
2 Includes adjustment representing the elimination of double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  33
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ADJUSTMENTS
                                       Adjustments are items excluded from net earnings in the determination of adjusted net earnings by IGM’s management.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In 2025, adjusted net earnings exclude a positive impact of $8 million after tax ($26 million pre-tax), consisting of:
                                         Gain on partial sales of investment in associates of $26 million after tax ($44 million pre-tax), net of one-time costs,
                                           recorded in the fourth quarter; and
                                         IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments of negative $18 million, of which $5 million was recorded in the fourth
                                           quarter.
                                       In 2024, adjusted net earnings excluded a negative impact of $5 million after tax ($10 million pre-tax), consisting of:
                                         A positive impact of $5 million related to the benefit from a tax loss consolidation transaction that IGM entered into with
                                           a subsidiary of the Corporation, recorded in the fourth quarter;
                                         IGM’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s one-time debt refinancing costs of negative $3 million, related to the early
                                           repayment of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities, recorded in the second quarter; and
                                         IGM’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s adjustments of negative $7 million, of which nil was recorded in the fourth quarter.

                                       The information above has been derived from IGM’s annual MD&A; see Part C of this MD&A for additional information on
                                       IGM’s annual results. IGM’s most recent annual MD&A is available under its profile on SEDAR+ (www.sedarplus.ca).


                                       GBL

                                       OVER VIEW OF THE BUS INES S
                                       GBL is an established investment holding company. As a leading and active investor in Europe, GBL is focused on long-term
                                       value creation with the support of a stable family shareholder base. GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by
                                       providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value per share, a sustainable
                                       dividend and share buybacks. GBL’s portfolio is composed of global companies, leaders in their sectors, in which GBL can
                                       contribute to value creation by being an active professional investor.
                                       At December 31, 2025, GBL’s portfolio was mainly comprised of the following investments (% equity ownership):
                                       LISTED ASSETS
                                         SGS (SIX: SGSN) (14.3%) – testing, inspection and certification    Umicore (EBR: UMI) (8.0%) – automotive catalysts, cathode
                                           solutions                                                           materials for batteries and precious metals recycling
                                         Pernod Ricard (EPA: RI) (6.8%) – premium spirits                   Concentrix (NASDAQ: CNXC) (14.1%) – global provider of
                                         Imerys (EPA: NK) (54.7%) – industrial mineral-based specialty        customer experience (CX) solutions and technologies
                                           solutions                                                         Ontex (EBR: ONTEX) (19.98%) – provider of personal hygiene
                                         adidas (XETR: ADS) (3.5%) – design, development and                  solutions
                                           distribution of sporting goods

                                       DIRECT PRIVATE ASSETS
                                         Affidea (99.2%) – provider of advanced diagnostics and             Parques Reunidos (23.0%) – operator of leisure parks
                                           outpatient services                                               Canyon (52.4%) – direct-to-consumer manufacturer of
                                         Sanoptis (84.3%) – provider of ophthalmology services                premium bicycles
                                         Voodoo (14.9%) – developer and publisher of mobile games

                                       Through GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers, GBL has activities in indirect private assets and third-party asset
                                       management. GBL Capital invests in externally managed funds and direct co-investments allocated to buyout, venture
                                       capital/growth, private credit and hedge funds.
                                       GBL reported a net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”) at December 31, 2025 of €14,035 million or
                                       €105.37 per share, compared with €15,681 million or €113.30 per share at December 31, 2024.




                                           A  34                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


R ES U LTS
Contribution to Power Corporation




                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                             Three months ended               Twelve months ended
                                                                                 December 31,      September 30,    December 31,    December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                       2025               2025            2024            2025              2024
Average direct ownership (%) 1                                                          17.1               17.1            16.5             16.9              16.1
Contribution to earnings
  Net earnings (loss)                                                                   (195)               (78)            18              (263)               31
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                           (15)               (11)            18               (38)               75

Total dividend received 2                                                                                                                    175                92

                                                                                                                                    December 31,      December 31,
As at                                                                                                                                     2025              2024
Contribution to holding company balance sheets
  Investment in GBL, carrying value                                                                                                        3,291            3,683
  % of total holding company assets                                                                                                         11.1              12.8


   Investment in GBL, fair value                                                                                                           2,691            2,162
   % of total holding company assets, at fair value                                                                                           4.4               4.8
1 Average direct ownership presented does not consider the effect of the treasury shares held by GBL. The average economic ownership including the effect of treasury
  shares was 18.6% for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 (17.9% in 2024).
2 The dividend received from Parjointco was €112 million for the period ended December 31, 2025, compared with €62 million for the period ended December 31, 2024.


Reconciliation of contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings of Power Corporation
                                                                                                              Three months ended              Twelve months ended
                                                                                  December 31,      September 30,   December 31,    December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                        2025               2025           2024            2025              2024
Contribution to Power Corporation’s
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                            (15)               (11)            18               (38)              75
  Adjustments
     Imerys impairment and other charges and
       currency translation reclassification                                             (155)                 −              −             (155)               (44)
     Loss on partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio and
       Sienna Investment Managers                                                         (25)               (67)             −               (92)               −
        Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                    −               −              −                22                −
                                                                                         (180)               (67)             −             (225)               (44)
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                   (195)               (78)            18             (263)               31




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  35
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       Contribution to net earnings (loss) as reported by GBL




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                        Three months ended                      Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                        December 31,       September 30,        December 31,            December 31,   December 31,
                                       (in millions of euros)                                                                 2025                2025                2024                    2025           2024

                                       Share of earnings (loss) of associates and consolidated
                                        operating companies of:
                                          Imerys                                                                                (285)                   21                  27                 (225)           (52)
                                          Affidea                                                                                (23)                   20                    1                 54             (15)
                                          Sanoptis                                                                               33                    (34)                (36)                 (71)           (75)
                                          Canyon                                                                                  (6)                    2                 (19)                  (6)           (19)
                                          Parques Reunidos/Piolin II                                                             (13)                   14                 (18)                  (4)           (25)
                                          GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers                                             (14)                    2                   (1)                (29)           18
                                                                                                                                (308)                   25                 (46)                (281)          (168)
                                       Net dividends from investments:
                                         SGS                                                                                       −                     −                   −                  98            126
                                         Pernod Ricard                                                                           40                      −                  40                  81             81
                                         adidas                                                                                    −                     −                   −                  11               6
                                         Umicore                                                                                   −                     −                   −                  10             31
                                         Concentrix                                                                                −                     3                    1                 10             10
                                         Other                                                                                     1                     −                   −                    1              1
                                                                                                                                 41                      3                  41                 211            255
                                       Other financial income (expenses)                                                         (29)                (144)                144                  (208)          197
                                       Other operating income (expenses)                                                         (47)                  (54)                (51)                (196)          (171)
                                       Gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of
                                        non-current assets                                                                       (71)                  (84)                  (1)               (157)           41
                                       Interest income (expenses)                                                                 (1)                    1                 (10)                   7            (21)
                                       Taxes                                                                                      (1)                    −                   −                   (1)            (1)
                                       Net earnings (loss) 1 2                                                                  (416)                (253)                  77                 (625)          132
                                       1 Described as “IFRS consolidated net result” in GBL’s publicly disclosed information.
                                       2 Attributable to GBL shareholders.


                                                                Q4 2025 vs. Q4 2024 and Q3 2025                                                                    2025 vs. 2024

                                       Net earnings (loss)
                                       Net loss of €416 million, compared with net earnings of €77 million                  Net loss of €625 million, compared with net earnings of
                                       in the corresponding period in 2024, and a net loss of €253 million                  €132 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
                                       in the third quarter of 2025.



                                       For the three-month period ended December 31, 2025, the net loss was €416 million, compared with net earnings of
                                       €77 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease in net earnings of €493 million was mainly due to:
                                          An increase in the negative contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies
                                             of €262 million to a negative contribution to GBL to €308 million, compared with a negative contribution of €46 million
                                             in the corresponding quarter in 2024, mainly due to:
                                                A negative contribution from Imerys of €285 million, primarily related to a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of
                                                    €467 million of its Solutions for Refractory, Abrasives and Construction business due to difficult market conditions,
                                                    as well as charges related to a cost and performance improvement program of €41 million and project-related write-
                                                    offs of Imerys British Lithium of €31 million. GBL’s share of the impairment and other charges was €295 million; and
                                                A decrease in the contribution from Affidea of €24 million and GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of
                                                    €13 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €23 million and €14 million, respectively.
                                               Partially offset by:
                                                An increase in the contribution from Sanoptis of €69 million to a positive contribution to GBL of €33 million; and
                                                A decrease in the negative contribution from Parques and Canyon of €5 million and €13 million, respectively, to a
                                                    negative contribution to GBL’s earnings of €13 million and €6 million.




                                             A  36                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


  A decrease in the contribution from other financial income (expenses) of €173 million to a negative contribution to GBL
    of €29 million, compared with a positive contribution of €144 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. Other financial
    income includes a net decrease in the fair value of GBL Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    investments in private equity classified as FVPL of €21 million, compared with a net increase in fair value of €131 million
    in the corresponding quarter in 2024; and
  A decrease in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
    €70 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €71 million, compared with a negative contribution of €1 million in the
    corresponding quarter in 2024. In the fourth quarter of 2025, GBL recognized impairments of €34 million related to the
    recently announced sales within Sienna Investment Managers, as well as losses of €31 million on additional divestments
    within the GBL Capital portfolio.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in the contribution from interest income (expenses) of €9 million to a negative contribution to GBL of
    €1 million, compared with a negative contribution of €10 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024, mainly due to an
    increase in interest income on cash and cash equivalents; and
  A decrease in other operating expenses of €4 million to €47 million. Other operating expenses in the three-month period
    ended December 31, 2025 includes an expense of €19 million related to a carried interest program implemented in
    January 2024 and a charge related to the revaluation of long-term incentive plans of €3 million.
For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, the net loss was €625 million, compared with net earnings of
€132 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The increase in net loss of €757 million was mainly due to:
  A decrease in the contribution from other financial income (expenses) of €405 million to a negative contribution to GBL
    of €208 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, compared with a positive contribution of
    €197 million in the corresponding period in 2024. Other financial income includes a net decrease in the fair value of GBL
    Capital’s investments in alternative funds and direct co-investments in private equity classified as FVPL of €179 million,
    compared with a net increase in fair value of €197 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease in the
    twelve-month period of 2025 reflects the estimated transaction value of the assets included in the partial disposal of the
    GBL Capital portfolio announced in November 2025;
  A decrease in the contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-current assets of
    €198 million to a negative contribution to GBL of €157 million, compared with a positive contribution of €41 million in
    the corresponding period in 2024. The contribution from gains (losses) from disposals, impairments and reversals of non-
    current assets includes impairments recognized in the fourth quarter as explained in the three-month period above as
    well as additional impairments on investments by GBL Capital in the third quarter of 2025, primarily due to the partial
    disposal of the GBL Capital portfolio. As well, the first quarter of 2024 included a gain related to the sale of one investment
    by GBL Capital;
  An increase in the negative contribution from the share of earnings of associates and consolidated operating companies
    of €113 million to a negative contribution to GBL to €281 million, compared with a negative contribution of €168 million
    in the corresponding period in 2024, mainly due to:
       An increase in the negative contribution from Imerys of €173 million to a negative contribution of €225 million, mainly
         due to the same reasons explained in the three-month period above; and
       A decrease in the contribution from GBL Capital and Sienna Investment Managers of €47 million to a negative
         contribution to GBL of €29 million.
      Partially offset by:
       An increase in the contribution from Affidea of €69 million to a positive contribution to GBL of €54 million; and
       A decrease in the negative contribution from Parques of €21 million, Canyon of €13 million and Sanoptis of €4 million
         to a negative contribution to GBL’s earnings of €4 million, €6 million and €71 million, respectively.
  A decrease in dividends of €44 million to €211 million, mainly due to a decrease in the dividend received from SGS due
    to a decrease in GBL’s interest in the first quarter of 2025 and a decrease in the dividend received from Umicore; and
  An increase in the negative contribution from other operating income (expenses) of €25 million to a negative contribution
    to GBL of €196 million, compared with a negative contribution of €171 million in the corresponding period in 2024. Other
    operating expenses in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 includes an expense of €54 million related
    to a carried interest program compared with an expense of €39 million in the corresponding period in 2024, and a charge
    related to the revaluation of long-term incentive plans of €26 million.
 Partially offset by:
  An increase in the contribution from interest income (expenses) of €28 million to a positive contribution of €7 million,
    compared with a negative contribution of €21 million in the corresponding period in 2024, and include the receipt of
    €9 million of default interest related to withholding taxes unduly applied to dividends received in 2008 as well as interest
    income on cash and cash equivalents.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              A  37
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Average Exchange Rates
                                       The average exchange rates for the three-month and twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as
                                       follows:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                            Three months ended                                            Twelve months ended
                                                                                    December 31,   December 31,                            December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                          2025           2024           Change %                 2025                   2024        Change %


                                       EUR/CAD                                          1.6232         1.4918                 8.8                1.5782               1.4818             6.5


                                       Adjustments
                                       Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by GBL and identifies
                                       Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from GBL’s contribution to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination
                                       of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
                                       In 2025, Adjustments with a net negative impact of $225 million consist of:
                                         In the fourth quarter, Adjustments with a negative earnings impact of $180 million consisted of the Corporation’s
                                           proportionate share of:
                                              The non-operating charges recognized by Imerys of $90 million, primarily related to a non-cash goodwill impairment
                                                charge of its Solutions for Refractory, Abrasives and Construction business due to difficult market conditions, as well
                                                as charges related to a cost and performance improvement program, and project-related write-offs of Imerys British
                                                Lithium;
                                              Impairment charges of $65 million recognized at the Parjointco level on Imerys related goodwill; and
                                              A charge of $25 million on additional divestments in the GBL Capital portfolio entered into in the fourth quarter, and
                                                price and currency adjustments on the previously announced divestitures, as well as a share of impairment charges
                                                recognized on Sienna Investment Managers to reflect the transaction value of the announced sale of certain activities
                                                within the investment management business.
                                         In the third quarter, Adjustments with a negative earnings impact of $67 million consisted of the Corporation’s
                                           proportionate share of the net loss recognized by GBL on the partial disposal of its GBL Capital portfolio. The majority of
                                           this portfolio was classified as FVPL and the estimated transaction value was reflected in the carrying value of the divested
                                           assets in the third quarter.
                                         Partially offset by Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $22 million related to the Corporation’s proportionate
                                           share of the earnings impact of Affidea, resulting from the renegotiation of its debt conditions, recognized in the first
                                           quarter.
                                       In 2024, Adjustments with a net negative impact of $44 million consisted of the Corporation’s proportionate share of the non-
                                       cash loss recognized by Imerys on its disposition of assets serving the paper market, primarily due to the reclassification of
                                       the related cumulative translation adjustment in earnings, recognized in the third quarter.

                                       GBL’s financial results and other disclosures have been derived from GBL’s publicly disclosed financial information, as issued
                                       by GBL in its 2025 year-end press release. Further information on GBL’s results is available on its website (www.gbl.com).

                                       OTHER COMPONENTS OF EARNINGS

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                       The Corporation, through its alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, continues to develop
                                       asset management businesses which build upon the investment capabilities that have been created over many years in several
                                       high-growth asset classes. The alternative asset investment platforms are focused on growing their asset management
                                       businesses through raising third-party capital as well as the expansion of strategies and asset classes:
                                         Sagard is a global multi-strategy alternative asset management firm active in venture capital, private equity, private credit
                                           and real estate. Sagard delivers flexible capital, an entrepreneurial culture, and a global network of investors, commercial
                                           partners, advisors, and value creation experts to its portfolio companies. Sagard also engages in private wealth
                                           management and holds strategic interests in other alternative asset management businesses. The firm has offices in
                                           Canada, the U.S., Europe and the Middle East.
                                         Power Sustainable is a sustainability-focused investment manager with offices in Canada and the U.S. Power Sustainable
                                           finances companies and projects that aim for both competitive returns and positive sustainability outcomes, and offers
                                           institutional investors exposure to alternative assets which aim to accelerate and scale sustainable solutions across
                                           multiple industries. Power Sustainable is currently comprised of four strategies: Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure,
                                           Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, Power Sustainable Lios (agri-food private equity) and Power Sustainable Decarb PE.




                                           A  38                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




Sagard and Power Sustainable comprise the results of the investment platforms, which include income earned from asset
management and investing activities:




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                      SAGARD                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE


                Sagard and Power Sustainable are                           Fee-related earnings                                     Fee-related earnings
    ASSET       focused on growing their asset
                                                                                        +                                                       +
                management businesses through
 MANAGEMENT
                raising third-party capital as well as                     Carried interest                                           Carried interest
                the expansion of strategies and                                   +                                                          +
  ACTIVITIES
                asset classes.                                     Other management activities and                              Other management activities
                                                                         strategic interests 1                                    (Potentia and Nautilus) 1


                                                            Investment                      Accounting                Investment                    Accounting
                Power Corporation invests
                proprietary capital in the strategies        Venture Capital               FVPL                       Energy Infrastructure       Consolidated 2
  INVESTING     of its investment platforms to                   Wealthsimple              Consolidated               Infrastructure Credit       FVPL
                support their growth and                     Private Equity                FVPL
   ACTIVITIES
                development as asset managers
                and seeks to earn attractive returns         Private Credit                FVPL
                commensurate with the risk profile.          Real Estate                   FVPL


1 Sagard includes the share of earnings of the private wealth investment platform and other strategic interests. Power Sustainable includes the other management activities
  (Potentia and Nautilus) performed on behalf of PSEIP, including operations and maintenance (O&M), value-added and customer acquisition services.
2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are required to be consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings
  from the underlying activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and general
  and administrative (G&A) expenses), as well as the impact related to the revaluation of the equity interests held by third parties in PSEIP.



CONTRIBU TION TO POWER COR POR ATION
Summary of Adjusted and net earnings (loss) from Sagard and Power Sustainable:
                                                                                                                     Three months ended              Twelve months ended
                                                                                            December 31,   September 30,   December 31,    December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                  2025            2025           2024            2025             2024
Contribution to Power Corporation’s:
  Adjusted net earnings (loss)
     Asset management activities
        Sagard                                                                                        9               1             (1)               14                5
        Power Sustainable                                                                            (6)            (11)            (9)              (37)             (65)
     Investing activities (proprietary capital)
        Sagard                                                                                      17              (12)           34                144               60
        Power Sustainable                                                                           (15)             (5)           (34)              (16)             (71)
                                                                                                      5             (27)           (10)              105              (71)
   Adjustments
        Sagard                                                                                        −              −             16                  −               16
        Power Sustainable                                                                          (118)            (35)           (28)             (116)             (42)
   Net earnings (loss)                                                                             (113)            (62)           (22)              (11)             (97)




                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           A  39
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following sections discuss the overview and results of the asset management and investing activities of the investment
                                       platforms.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       ASS ET MANAG EMENT ACTIVITIES
                                       Overview of the businesses

                                       SAGARD
                                       At December 31, 2025, Sagard had $47.4 billion (US$34.6 billion) of assets under management ($39.3 billion
                                       (US$27.3 billion) at December 31, 2024), including unfunded commitments (refer to the section “Other Measures”), across
                                       four asset classes: venture capital, private equity, private credit and real estate, including $1.5 billion through its private wealth
                                       investment platform ($1.2 billion at December 31, 2024). At December 31, 2025, assets under management managed
                                       through PEM’s fund of funds, direct investment funds and separately managed accounts and BEX’s secondaries strategies
                                       represented $16.5 billion (US$12.0 billion).
                                       Sagard manages assets within funds, separately managed accounts and co-investment vehicles. The composition by strategy
                                       of the assets under management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                                       (in billions of dollars)                                                                                                                              2025                  2024

                                       Venture Capital 1 2                                                                                                                                    14.6                    11.3
                                       Private Equity 2 3                                                                                                                                     16.2                    12.9
                                       Private Credit                                                                                                                                           7.9                     6.6
                                       Real Estate                                                                                                                                              7.4                     7.4
                                               4
                                       Other                                                                                                                                                    1.3                     1.1
                                       Assets under management                                                                                                                                47.4                    39.3
                                          Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     2.6                     2.0

                                          Third parties and associated companies        5
                                                                                                                                                                                               44.8                    37.3

                                       Fee-bearing capital 6 7                                                                                                                                29.5                    26.5
                                          Power Corporation                                                                                                                                     1.2                     1.1

                                          Third parties and associated companies        5
                                                                                                                                                                                               28.3                    25.4
                                       1 Includes elimination of inter-fund interests within the venture capital asset class.
                                       2 At December 31, 2025, assets under management managed through PEM’s strategies represented $5.5 billion (US$4.0 billion) within the venture capital asset class and
                                         $7.7 billion (US$5.6 billion) within the private equity asset class ($5.2 billion (US$3.6 billion) within the venture capital asset class and $7.9 billion (US$5.5 billion) within the
                                         private equity asset class at December 31, 2024.)
                                       3 At December 31, 2025, assets under management managed through BEX funds represented $3.3 billion (US$2.4 billion) within the private equity asset class.
                                       4 Includes assets managed through its private wealth investment platform, as well as inter-fund eliminations between the private wealth investment platform and other asset
                                         classes.
                                       5 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco, IGM and GBL.
                                       6 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.
                                       7 Excludes the fee-bearing capital of Sagard’s private wealth investment platform of $1.4 billion at December 31, 2025 ($1.2 billion at December 31, 2024).


                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was 0.97% for the three-month
                                       period ended December 31, 2025, compared with 1.05% in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The decrease is primarily due
                                       to the change in the composition of assets under management and related fee rates including the impact from the acquisition
                                       of BEX in the second quarter of 2025.
                                       Sagard’s weighted average management fee rate was 0.91% for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025,
                                       compared with 1.03% in the corresponding period in 2024. The decrease is primarily due to the change in the composition
                                       of assets under management and related fee rates including the impacts from the acquisitions of BEX in the second quarter
                                       of 2025 and PEM in the first quarter of 2024.




                                             A  40                                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table provides information on the funds managed by Sagard as well as the Corporation’s interests in each of the funds:
December 31, 2025                                                                                                         Interest held                           Manager compensation




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(in millions; except                                                           Capital              Power Associated             Third                                              Carried
  as otherwise noted)                            Currency         Vintage commitments          Corporation companies 1          parties          Fees 2                            interest 3
                                                                                         ($)             (%)            (%)         (%)             (%)                                 (%)
Venture Capital
Portage Ventures I 4                                 C$              2016              482             39.2           60.8           −           2.00 Invested capital                10.0
Portage Ventures II 5                                C$              2018              427             12.4           16.8       70.8            2.00 Invested capital                20.0
Portage Ventures III 5                              US$              2021              655              2.4           15.3       82.3            2.25 Invested capital                20.0
Portage Ventures IV 6                               US$              2024              524              4.8           14.7       80.5            2.50 Committed capital               20.0
Portage Capital Solutions                           US$              2023              513             29.2           29.1       41.7            2.00 Committed capital               20.0
Diagram Funds 7                                      C$       2016-2023                400             17.7           17.5       64.8      1.00-2.50 Committed capital nil-20.0
SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
   PEM Venture Capital (PVC)
      PVC I-II                                      US$       2005-2008               1,334               −            0.3       99.7        nil-0.38 Committed capital                 5.0
      PVC III                                       US$              2014              149                −            2.6       97.4            0.50 Committed capital                 5.0
      PVC IV-V                                      US$       2018-2021                473                −            2.5       97.5      0.30-0.95 Committed capital                  5.0
      PVC VI and SOF 6 8                            US$              2024              303              9.9            1.0       89.1      0.30-0.95 Committed capital                  5.0
Private Equity
Sagard Private Equity Canada                         C$              2021              407              3.7           13.7       82.6            2.00 Committed capital               20.0
Sagard MidCap II 5                                    €              2007              728             22.4           11.7       65.9            1.75 Invested capital                20.0
Sagard MidCap 3 5                                     €              2013              729              0.2            0.5       99.3            2.00 Invested capital                20.0
Sagard MidCap 4                                       €              2020              815             18.6            8.8       72.6            1.75 Committed capital               20.0
Sagard NewGen 5                                       €              2020              313              6.0            7.8       86.2            2.00 Invested capital                20.0
Sagard NewGen 2 6                                     €              2025              220             11.0           23.9       65.1            2.00 Committed capital               20.0
Sagard Private Equity Strategies 9                  US$              2025               71             55.4            2.0       42.6      1.00-1.30 Net asset value                  12.5
SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
   BEX Private Equity
      BEX II                                          €              2018                60               −            0.8       99.2      0.45-0.75 Committed capital                15.0
      BEX III                                       US$              2019               365               −            0.8       99.2      0.60-1.05 Committed capital                15.0
      BEX IV                                        US$              2022               765               −            1.0       99.0      0.75-1.35 Committed capital                15.0
      BEX V                                         US$              2025               786               −            1.0       99.0      0.75-1.50 Committed capital                15.0
   PEM Direct Investment (PDI)
      PDI III-IV                                    US$       2014-2019                474                −            2.4       97.6            1.00 Invested capital                10.0
      PDI V                                         US$              2024              386              7.8            2.0       90.2            1.00 Committed capital               10.0
Private Credit
Sagard Credit Partners I                            US$              2018              557             18.0            1.0       81.0            1.50 Invested capital                15.0
Sagard Credit Partners II                           US$              2022             1,167             4.3            5.2       90.5            1.50 Invested capital                20.0
Sagard Credit Partners III 6                        US$              2025              624                −              −      100.0            1.50 Invested capital                15.0
Sagard Senior Lending Partners                      US$              2023              501                −           20.8       79.2            1.25 Invested capital                15.0
Sagard Private Credit 9                              C$              2024              162             29.4              −       70.6      1.00-1.30 Net asset value                  15.0
Sagard Healthcare Partners 10                       US$              2019             1,278             9.3            0.5       90.2      1.50-1.75 Committed capital                20.0
Real Estate
USPF 9                                              US$              2002              876              1.9           25.1       73.0      0.75-0.98 Net asset value                      −
1 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$59 million in Portage Ventures III,
   US$60 million in Portage Ventures IV, US$143 million in Portage Capital Solutions, $50 million in SPEC, €50 million in Sagard MidCap 4, €10 million in Sagard NewGen 2, US$50 million
   in Sagard Credit Partners II, US$101 million in SSLP, and US$221 million in USPF), IGM ($33 million in Portage Ventures II, US$26 million in Portage Ventures III and US$17 million in
   Portage Ventures IV), Pargesa (€33 million in Sagard MidCap II), and GBL (€40 million in Sagard NewGen 2). Lifeco and IGM have invested $25 million and $268 million, respectively,
   in Portage Ventures I.
2 Represents the base management fees. The management fees presented for the PVC and BEX funds represent the range of base fees over the remaining life of each fund.
3 Represents the base carried interest for each fund. Sagard will receive an allocation of carried interest for the PEM and BEX funds with vintage years subsequent to their acquisition in
   2024 and 2025, respectively. Carried interest for Sagard Private Equity Strategies and Sagard Private Credit is realized on a quarterly basis when investment returns exceed a
   predetermined hurdle rate, and is not subject to clawback.
4 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM, through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple.
5 During the investment period, management fees were based on committed capital. Since the close of the investment period, management fees are based on invested capital, which
   may include a reserve for follow-on investments.
6 Fundraising activities continue for Portage Ventures IV, PVC VI, PVC SOF, Sagard NewGen 2 and Sagard Credit Partners III.
7 The Diagram Funds include Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II, Diagram Ventures III, Diagram Opportunity and Diagram ClimateTech. Total capital commitments includes amounts
   committed by Portage Ventures I and Portage Ventures II. Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Portage Ventures I ($10 million in
   Diagram Ventures I) and Portage Ventures II ($10 million in Diagram Ventures I and $35 million in Diagram Ventures II). Diagram Ventures I and II do not have carried interest.
8 The PVC VI and PVC SOF funds are presented on a combined basis. Total capital commitments of PVC SOF include commitments from PVC VI, which represent approximately 42% of PVC
   SOF’s aggregate capital commitments of US$98 million as of December 31, 2025.
9 Sagard Private Equity Strategies, Sagard Private Credit and USPF are open-ended funds and generally invest all committed capital; as such the capital commitments of the funds are
   representative of the net asset value (refer to the section “Other Measures”). USPF is managed by Sagard Real Estate through a management service agreement.
10 Represents Series I and II; the interest in the fund is based on invested capital as of December 31, 2025. The investment period is completed for the first series which represents a total
   commitment of $726 million; base compensation for Series I is 1.50% on invested capital.



                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                            A  41
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The following table summarizes the activities of the funds managed by Sagard:
                                       December 31, 2025                                                                                                                Commitments




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       (in millions; except                                                                                                                                  Distributions to
                                         as otherwise noted)                                                          Currency       Total funded        Unfunded            Unfunded                  date 1         NAV 2
                                                                                                                                                ($)              ($)                (%)                  ($)             ($)
                                       Venture Capital
                                       Portage Ventures I 3                                                              C$                   482                 −                  −                 627           3,927
                                       Portage Ventures II                                                               C$                   414               13                 3.0                   64            969
                                       Portage Ventures III                                                             US$                   522              133                20.4                    −            797
                                       Portage Ventures IV                                                              US$                   155              369                70.5                    −            137
                                       Portage Capital Solutions                                                        US$                   292              221                43.0                   14            336
                                       Diagram Funds                                                                     C$                   247              153                38.2                   90            351
                                       SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
                                          PVC Funds 4
                                             PVC I-II 5                                                                 US$                1,315                19                 1.5               3,095              30
                                             PVC III                                                                    US$                   145                 4                2.5                 308             309
                                             PVC IV-V                                                                   US$                   365              108                22.9                   26            482
                                             PVC VI and SOF 6                                                           US$                    82              225                74.4                    6            107
                                       Private Equity
                                       Sagard Private Equity Canada                                                      C$                   220              187                45.9                    −            232
                                       Sagard MidCap II                                                                   €                   722                 6                0.9               1,163              18
                                       Sagard MidCap 3                                                                    €                   682               47                 6.5               1,761             233
                                       Sagard MidCap 4 6                                                                  €                   742              148                18.1                 546             720
                                       Sagard NewGen 6                                                                    €                   305               32                10.2                   74            406
                                       Sagard NewGen 2                                                                    €                      9             211                96.0                    −               4
                                       SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
                                          BEX Funds 7
                                             BEX II                                                                       €                    54                 6               10.0                 132              43
                                             BEX III                                                                    US$                   237              128                35.0                   97            300
                                             BEX IV                                                                     US$                   459              306                40.0                    −            649
                                             BEX V                                                                      US$                   242              544                69.2                    −            353
                                          PDI Funds 4
                                             PDI III-IV                                                                 US$                   470                 4                0.8                 691             434
                                             PDI V 6                                                                    US$                   206              189                48.8                    9            246
                                       Private Credit
                                       Sagard Credit Partners I                                                         US$                   548                 9                1.5                 669              50
                                       Sagard Credit Partners II 6                                                      US$                   638              661                56.6                 239             601
                                       Sagard Credit Partners III                                                       US$                      −             624              100.0                     −               −
                                       Sagard Senior Lending Partners                                                   US$                   217              284                56.7                   13            230
                                       Sagard Healthcare Partners 6                                                     US$                1,023               293                22.9                 541             727
                                       1 Excludes distributions which have been recalled by the fund for reinvestment, as well as distributions made by the fund due to rebalancing from increases in fund size.
                                       2 Net asset value (NAV) of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities, and includes the controlled and consolidated investments
                                         held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to controlled and
                                         consolidated investments.
                                       3 Includes investments held by Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM through limited partnerships controlled by Power Financial, in Wealthsimple, which represents a fair
                                         value of $3.8 billion at December 31, 2025 ($2.1 billion at December 31, 2024). Excludes investments in Wealthsimple held directly by Power Financial and IGM of $0.3 billion
                                         at December 31, 2025 ($0.1 billion at December 31, 2024).
                                       4 In the first quarter of 2024, Sagard acquired a controlling interest in PEM. The activities of the funds managed by PEM are presented since the inception of each fund.
                                       5 In the second quarter of 2025, PVC I and II were closed; on closing, a total distribution of US$415 million was transferred into a continuation fund. Certain LPs of PVC I and II are
                                         also LPs in the PVC continuation fund.
                                       6 Total funded commitments represent the net cash funded for portfolio investments and fund expenses since inception, excluding amounts that have been recalled by the fund.
                                         The unfunded commitments of PVC VI, Sagard MidCap 4, Sagard NewGen, PEM-PDI V, Sagard Credit Partners II and Sagard Healthcare Partners include amounts distributed
                                         of US$4 million, €75 million, €24 million, US$9 million, US$132 million and US$38 million, respectively, which are recallable by the fund.
                                       7 In the second quarter of 2025, Sagard acquired a controlling interest in BEX Capital. The activities of the funds managed by BEX are presented since the inception of each fund.




                                             A  42                                                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Venture Capital (fintech investments)
  Sagard’s venture capital asset class is managed under the Portage, Diagram and Sagard Private Equity Solutions platforms.




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PORTAGE
  Portage is a global fintech and financial services investment platform. Its mission is to empower entrepreneurs reshaping
    financial services by partnering with ambitious companies across all stages through Portage Ventures and Portage Capital
    Solutions.
       Portage Ventures is a global fintech venture capital investment strategy dedicated to supporting fintech innovators
         in insurance, consumer & small and medium business finance, wealth & asset management, and fintech enablers.
         Through its funds, Portage Ventures has invested in more than 120 fintech companies and investment funds.
       Portage Capital Solutions is a capital partner that delivers flexible equity capital solutions and resources to later-stage
         fintech and financial services businesses.

DIAGRAM
  Diagram is a venture builder that conceives and launches technology companies and a venture investor that invests in
    early stage companies, primarily in the financial services (fintech) and climate tech spaces. Diagram has launched and
    invested in more than 40 companies across five funds.

SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
  PEM, operating under the brand Sagard Private Equity Solutions, has a venture capital fund of funds program with an
    emphasis on access-constrained U.S. early and late-stage technology-centric asset managers. This investment strategy,
    through funds and separately managed accounts, provides investors with access to selected managers, many of which
    are closed to new investors.

Private Equity
  Sagard’s private equity asset class is managed under the Sagard and Sagard Private Equity Solutions platforms.

SAGARD
  Sagard, under its private equity asset class, manages four strategies: Sagard Private Equity Canada, Sagard MidCap
    (Europe), Sagard NewGen (Europe), and Sagard Private Equity Strategies.
       Sagard Private Equity Canada is a private equity strategy investing in the Canadian middle market, with a focus on
         business and financial services, as well as manufacturing.
       Sagard MidCap is a European private equity investment strategy that invests in middle-market business services,
         healthcare, food & consumer, and industrial sectors.
       Sagard NewGen is a European private equity investment strategy that supports entrepreneurs in the technology and
         healthcare industries.
       Sagard Private Equity Strategies offers Canadian accredited investors access to institutional-calibre private equity.
         The fund invests in a broadly diversified portfolio of secondaries, co-investments, and primaries, with a focus on the
         small and middle-market.

SAGARD PRIVATE EQUITY SOLUTIONS
  BEX Capital’s investment strategy focuses on the acquisition of positions in global private equity fund of funds, secondary
    funds and co-investment funds.
  PEM, operating under the brand Sagard Private Equity Solutions, manages an investment strategy which focuses on a
    diversified portfolio of primarily U.S. small and middle-market buyouts sourced from selected asset managers, including
    co-investment opportunities. PEM offers this investment strategy through funds and separately managed accounts.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                A  43
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Private Credit
                                         Sagard, under the private credit asset class, manages four strategies, Sagard Credit, Sagard Senior Lending, Sagard
                                           Private Credit and Sagard Healthcare, and includes a strategic investment in HalseyPoint.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                              Sagard Credit is a non-sponsor, direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market public and private companies in
                                                North America. It provides bespoke debt solutions across the credit spectrum in first- and second-lien loans, such as
                                                unsecured and mezzanine financings, tailored to a company’s specific needs.
                                              Sagard Senior Lending is a senior direct-lending strategy focused on middle-market companies in North America. It
                                                provides first-lien, floating-rate debt to public and private middle-market companies to help fund growth and other
                                                strategic initiatives.
                                              Sagard Private Credit is an evergreen fund, designed to offer Canadian accredited investors the opportunity to
                                                participate in private credit. The fund seeks to generate attractive and stable returns driven largely by interest income
                                                earned on a broadly diversified portfolio of private loans.
                                              Sagard Healthcare, a biopharmaceutical royalties investment strategy, invests in royalties and credit backed by
                                                approved and commercialized biopharmaceutical products, diagnostics and medical devices. Sagard Healthcare
                                                aims to accelerate the returns on innovation for owners of intellectual property, while offering investors an attractive
                                                healthcare exposure largely uncorrelated to other asset classes.
                                              HalseyPoint, a manager jointly controlled by Sagard, manages collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) focused on the
                                                U.S. leveraged loan and high-yield bond markets. HalseyPoint managed AUM of $6.2 billion (US$4.5 billion) at
                                                December 31, 2025 and has raised to date ten CLOs.
                                                In 2025, Sagard launched Sagard CLO Equity, a fund that will invest in the equity tranche of future CLOs managed
                                                by Sagard | HalseyPoint. In the second quarter of 2025, Sagard completed the first close, raising commitments of up
                                                to US$92.5 million.

                                       Real Estate
                                         Sagard Real Estate (formerly EverWest) is a real estate investment advisor and operator providing investment management
                                           services across the U.S. that include acquisitions, asset management, development and property management for its
                                           investors. Sagard Real Estate is headquartered in Denver, Colorado with regional offices throughout the U.S.
                                           Sagard Real Estate offers a variety of investment strategies including separately managed accounts and funds.

                                       Private Wealth Investment Platform
                                         Sagard Wealth (formerly Grayhawk) is a dedicated chief investment office providing institutional-calibre capabilities and
                                           exclusive access to global investment opportunities, from traditional to alternative strategies, to Canadian families.
                                           Sagard Wealth had $1.5 billion in assets under management at December 31, 2025 ($1.2 billion at December 31, 2024).
                                           The Corporation, through Sagard, indirectly holds a 77.3% interest in Sagard Wealth (60.3% at December 31, 2024).




                                           A  44                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


POWER SUSTAINABLE
At December 31, 2025, Power Sustainable had $4.4 billion of assets under management ($4.2 billion at December 31, 2024),
including unfunded commitments. Assets under management reflect the fair value of assets, net of liabilities and project debt,




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
and includes unfunded commitments.
Power Sustainable manages assets within funds and separately managed accounts. The composition of assets under
management is as follows:
                                                                                                                                      December 31,            December 31,
(in millions of dollars)                                                                                                                    2025                    2024

Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure                                                                                                      2,647                    2,902
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit                                                                                                      1,118                    1,035
Power Sustainable Lios                                                                                                                         271                     261
Power Sustainable Decarb PE                                                                                                                    352                        −
Assets under management                                                                                                                      4,388                    4,198
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                         1,160                    1,303

   Third parties and associated companies 1                                                                                                  3,228                    2,895
                           2
Fee-bearing capital                                                                                                                          3,607                    2,943
   Power Corporation                                                                                                                           981                    1,107

   Third parties and associated companies       1
                                                                                                                                             2,626                    1,836
1 Associated companies includes commitments from management, as well as commitments from Lifeco.
2 Refer to the section “Other Measures”.


Power Sustainable’s weighted average management fee rate was 1% for the three-month and twelve-month periods ended
December 31, 2025, comparable with the corresponding periods in 2024.
The following table provides information on the strategies managed by Power Sustainable as well as the Corporation’s
interests in each of the strategies:
December 31, 2025                                                                                    Commitments 1                                  Interest held 2
                                                                                           Capital           Total          Power       Associated          Third
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)          Currency        Vintage   commitments         funded      Corporation     companies 3         parties       NAV
                                                                                               ($)             ($)              (%)             (%)            (%)        ($)

Power Sustainable Energy
 Infrastructure Partnership 4 5                                     C$         2021         1,800          1,751              28.3           12.9           58.8      2,445
Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit 6                         US$          2023          811             300              17.8           76.1             6.1        306
Power Sustainable Lios                                              C$         2022          285             154                 −           20.7           79.3         139
Power Sustainable Decarb PE 7                                     US$          2025          266                3             39.5           28.8           31.7          −
1 Includes amounts of separately managed agreements committed within each strategy.
2 Based on committed capital or NAV as of December 31, 2025.
3 Associated companies includes commitments from management as well as commitments from Lifeco of $220 million in PSEIP, US$600 million in Power Sustainable
  Infrastructure Credit, $56 million in Power Sustainable Lios and US$75 million in Power Sustainable Decarb PE.
4 NAV of the fund represents the fair value of investments held within the fund, net of any liabilities and project debt, and includes the controlled and consolidated
  investments held through the fund presented at fair value. Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for a description of the Corporation’s fair value adjustments to
  controlled and consolidated investments.
5 Excludes direct investments in energy assets, which have a net asset value of $153 million. At December 31, 2025, PSEIP had distributed an amount of $84 million since
  inception.
6 In the second quarter of 2024, the Corporation entered into a separately managed account for a total of US$120 million in which it will invest alongside the fund on target
  investments. In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Corporation increased the separately managed account to a total of US$160 million. At December 31, 2025, the Corporation
  had invested US$61 million (C$85 million), net of recallable distributions, through this account.
7 Fund commitments of up to US$330 million, of which US$266 million is currently callable.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                A  45
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                       Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure (Power Sustainable Energy) operates a leading North American-focused renewable
                                       energy platform with 3.8 GW of utility-scale and distributed energy assets, including assets under construction, and assets in




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       advanced development projects. Through its wholly owned operating companies, Potentia Renewables and Nautilus Solar,
                                       Power Sustainable Energy has a dedicated team of over 200 in-house professionals to oversee the development, construction,
                                       financing and operation of renewable energy assets across North America.
                                         Potentia Renewables: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Potentia, a renewable energy generation company,
                                            which is a fully integrated developer, operator and manager of solar and wind energy assets, active in North America.
                                         Nautilus Solar: Power Sustainable holds a 100% interest in Nautilus, a company headquartered in Chicago, U.S. that
                                            acquires, develops, finances and manages distributed solar projects across community, municipal/utility-scale,
                                            commercial and industrial markets.
                                       The Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform actively manages investments through Power Sustainable Energy
                                       Infrastructure Partnership (PSEIP) and through direct investments in energy infrastructure.
                                       The following table details the composition of the total megawatts of utility-scale and distributed energy assets managed:
                                                                                                                                                                           December 31,    December 31,
                                       (in megawatts (MW))                                                                                                                       2025            2024

                                       Advanced development 1                                                                                                                       681             866
                                       Under construction                                                                                                                           595             253
                                                    1
                                       Operating                                                                                                                                   2,566          2,481
                                                                                                                                                                                   3,842          3,600
                                       1 Includes projects in which PSEIP has a joint interest representing 613 MW at December 31, 2025, of which 343 MW is included in Advanced development (a total of
                                         645 MW, of which 343 MW is included in Advanced development at December 31, 2024). During the second quarter of 2025, PSEIP acquired the remainder of the interest
                                         in one project previously accounted for as a joint venture.


                                       Power Sustainable Energy earns management fees of 0.80% to 1.00% charged on the net asset value of PSEIP as well as a
                                       carried interest of 15%. Power Sustainable Energy also earns management fees of 0.85% charged on the net asset value of
                                       direct investments.
                                       In the second quarter of 2025, wind projects developed by Potentia, representing approximately 425 MW and which had
                                       previously reached commercial operation, were sold to PSEIP. The Corporation received cash proceeds of $262 million.
                                       At December 31, 2025, the total assets on a consolidated basis of PSEIP and direct investments were $6.1 billion ($6.5 billion
                                       at December 31, 2024).

                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit
                                       Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit, a global infrastructure credit platform, targets global investments in energy,
                                       transportation and logistics, digital, social and other sustainable infrastructure. The platform targets sub-investment-grade
                                       infrastructure investments and seeks to support sustainable assets, portfolios and operating companies with tailored financing
                                       solutions.

                                       Power Sustainable Lios
                                       Power Sustainable Lios is a specialized North American agri-food private equity investment platform supporting the
                                       sustainability transformation occurring within our food system. Lios Fund I, its inaugural fund, invests in growth-oriented, mid-
                                       market companies across the food value chain in North America to drive positive and sustainable change.

                                       Power Sustainable Decarb PE
                                       Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity (Power Sustainable Decarb PE) seeks superior risk-adjusted returns through
                                       investments in established middle-market companies that help decarbonize the North American economy. The strategy
                                       targets investments in the energy, industrial and transportation sectors and the built environment.
                                       On January 30, 2026, subsequent to year-end, Power Sustainable Decarb PE acquired a majority interest in a U.S.-based
                                       provider of energy efficiency, utility services, and distributed energy resources, primarily serving utilities and energy service
                                       companies as well as municipal customers.




                                            A  46                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A                                                                                                                             4 7 of 9 7


RESULTS – Asset Management Activities

                                                                                                                                  SAGARD             POWER SUSTAINABLE




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Asset management activities includes fee-related earnings (a
non-IFRS financial measure, refer to the section “Non-IFRS                                                      ASSET

Financial Measures”), which is comprised of management fees                                                  MANAGEMENT
less investment platform expenses. Asset management                                                           ACTIVITIES
activities also includes carried interest and income from other
management activities.
                                                                                                              INVESTING

                                                                                                               ACTIVITIES




Summary of the composition of net earnings (loss) from asset management activities:
                                                                                                                   Three months ended                 Twelve months ended
                                                                                   December 31,     September 30,           December 31,   December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                         2025              2025                   2024           2025               2024
Adjusted net earnings (loss)
SAGARD
  Management fees 1 2                                                                       74                   68                 67               268               232
  Investment platform expenses                                                             (83)                (73)                 (62)            (293)             (233)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                             (9)                   (5)                5              (25)                (1)
   Net carried interest 4                                                                   10                   45                   6               89                 41
   Other 3                                                                                    5                (42)                  (9)             (52)               (14)
                                                                                              6                    (2)                2               12                 26
   Earnings (loss) from private wealth platform and other
    asset management activities 5                                                             −                      1               (1)                1                (2)
   Non-controlling interests 6                                                                3                      2               (2)                1               (19)
                                                                                              9                      1               (1)              14                  5
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Management fees 1                                                                           9                      9                7               35                 27
  Investment platform expenses                                                             (20)                (16)                 (20)             (66)               (66)
   Fee-related earnings (loss) 3                                                           (11)                    (7)              (13)             (31)               (39)
   Net carried interest 4                                                                   12                       1               (1)                6               (15)
   Other 3 7                                                                               (11)                    (6)                3              (20)               (18)
   Non-controlling interests 8                                                                4                      1                2                 8                 7
                                                                                             (6)               (11)                  (9)             (37)               (65)


Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                  3                (10)                 (10)             (23)               (60)
Adjustments
POWER SUSTAINABLE
  Restructuring charges                                                                       −                     −                 −                −                (14)
Net earnings (loss)                                                                           3                (10)                 (10)             (23)               (74)
1 Includes management fees charged by the investment platform on proprietary capital. Management fees paid by the Corporation are deducted from income from
  investing activities.
2 In the second and fourth quarters of 2025, Sagard recognized a retroactive management fee of $5 million and $2 million, respectively, related to new capital committed
  in the fundraising close of Sagard Healthcare Partners, PVC VI, PDI V and Portage Ventures IV ($4 million and $7 million in the second and fourth quarters, respectively, of
  2024 related to the fundraising close of Portage Capital Solutions, Sagard Healthcare Partners and PDI V).
3 Fee-related earnings is a non-IFRS financial measure. Items excluded from fee-related earnings have been included in Other. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial
  Measures” for a description and reconciliation.
4 Net carried interest is comprised of carried interest earned, net of amounts allocated to employees. Carried interest is recognized based on changes in fair value of
  investments held within each consolidated fund, and based on carried interest earned when it is highly probable that a significant reversal will not occur with respect to
  unconsolidated funds. The Corporation’s share of carried interest expense payable by the fund is included in investing activities.
5 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) from Sagard’s private wealth investment platform and other asset management activities as well as its interest in
  HalseyPoint.
6 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held by third parties in SHMI, PEM and BEX, as well as interests held in SHMI by Lifeco and management of Sagard.
7 Other includes customer acquisition, development and asset management activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on behalf of PSEIP.
8 Non-controlling interests represent equity interests held in PSM by Lifeco and management of Power Sustainable.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                A  47
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
                                       Power Sustainable




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In the first quarter of 2024, Power Sustainable realigned its strategies and made a strategic decision to wind down its China
                                       public equity strategy, which included the closing of its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable
                                       recognized a restructuring charge of $12 million and $2 million in the first and second quarters of 2024, respectively.

                                       INVES TING ACTIVITIES
                                       Overview
                                       Power Corporation invests proprietary capital in the strategies of its investment platforms to support their growth and
                                       development as asset managers. The investment platforms’ growth strategy is focused primarily on raising third-party capital,
                                       and the Corporation expects that its proprietary capital will represent an increasingly smaller proportion of future funds. The
                                       Corporation seeks to earn attractive returns on its proprietary capital investments commensurate with the risk profile of the
                                       underlying investments in each strategy. Returns are expected to be realized over differing time horizons:
                                          Income-related strategies such as Private Credit, Real Estate, Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership and
                                             Power Sustainable Infrastructure Credit are expected to generate returns on a regular basis; and
                                          Capital appreciation strategies such as Venture Capital and Private Equity are expected to generate returns as
                                             investments are monetized.
                                       The Corporation holds investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable. The following table summarizes the
                                       investments held, by asset class, including the investments held through Power Financial:
                                                                                                                As at                    Twelve-month period ended                                                As at
                                                                                                   December 31, 2024                            December 31, 2025                                    December 31, 2025
                                                                            Investments     Distributions         Fair                                       Fair value      Investments      Distributions        Fair
                                       (in millions of dollars)                 to date 1        to date 1       value     Investments     Distributions       change            to date 1         to date 1      value
                                       Sagard
                                         Venture Capital 2                         441              290        1,071              213                22            647               654              312       1,909
                                         Private Equity                          1,218            1,355          365              128              279             113             1,346            1,634         327
                                         Private Credit                            475              315          241              127              124                6              602              439         250
                                         Real Estate                                 33                1           32                −                −               −                  33              1         32
                                         Cash and other                               1                −           43                −                −               −                  1               −         21
                                                                                 2,168            1,961        1,752              468              425             766             2,636            2,386       2,539


                                       Power Sustainable
                                         Power Sustainable Energy
                                          Infrastructure
                                           PSEIP 3                                 425                32         624               22                 1               9              447                33        654
                                           Direct investments 4                  1,190              520          488               26              262             (99)            1,216              782         153
                                         Power Sustainable
                                          Infrastructure Credit 5                    27                −           29              77                38               7              104                38         75
                                          Other investments                          13                2           12                5                3               6                  18              5         20
                                                                                 1,655              554        1,153              130              304             (77)            1,785              858         902

                                                                                 3,823            2,515        2,905              598              729             689             4,421            3,244       3,441
                                       1 Includes distributions which have been recalled by the fund and distributions due to rebalancing.
                                       2 Includes investment in the controlled and consolidated subsidiary, Wealthsimple, at fair value.
                                       3 Includes the Corporation’s share of investments in controlled and consolidated subsidiaries held through PSEIP at fair value. Investments to date include amounts
                                         previously held through direct investments which were transferred to PSEIP in 2021, in each of the third quarters of 2022 and 2023, and in the second quarter of 2025.
                                       4 Includes the direct investments in energy infrastructure at fair value. Investments to date include funding related to the acquisitions of Potentia and Nautilus and related
                                         platform expenses prior to the establishment of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure.
                                       5 Consists of investments through a separately managed account. Investments to date is presented net of disposals of funded committed capital through direct secondary
                                         offerings.




                                             A  48                                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINTECH INVESTMENTS
Fintech investments are comprised of the Corporation’s investments, primarily held through Power Financial, in the Portage
Ventures and Diagram funds and Wealthsimple. The Corporation’s investments in the Portage Ventures and Diagram funds




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
allow it to deepen its knowledge and accelerate the adoption of innovation within the Power group, while significant
investments such as Wealthsimple give direct access to novel capabilities.
Wealthsimple
At December 31, 2025, Portage Ventures I, Power Financial and IGM collectively held, through a limited partnership
controlled by Power Financial as well as direct investments, an undiluted equity interest in Wealthsimple of 52.4% (54.4% at
December 31, 2024), representing a voting interest of 57.5% and a fully diluted equity interest of 40.7%. Wealthsimple,
founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest-growing financial technology companies, and provides simple digital tools for
growing and managing money.
Wealthsimple continues to strengthen its presence in the marketplace and offers a suite of financial products, ranging from
investing to spending, saving and tax. At December 31, 2025, Wealthsimple had 3.2 million clients, excluding tax filers, across
the Canadian market with assets under administration of $111.3 billion, compared with $64.0 billion at December 31, 2024.
At December 31, 2025, the Power group had invested $544 million in Wealthsimple ($344 million at December 31, 2024),
and had received total proceeds of $500 million from a secondary transaction in 2021.
The fair value of the Power group’s interest in Wealthsimple was $4.1 billion at December 31, 2025 ($2.2 billion at
December 31, 2024). The fair value of the Corporation’s 15.4% equity interest in Wealthsimple, including its indirect interest
held through Portage Ventures I, on a fully diluted basis, was $1,566 million at December 31, 2025 ($822 million at
December 31, 2024). The increase in fair value in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 considers recent
transactions and the increase in public market peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business performance and revenue
expectations.
During 2025, net earnings attributable to the Corporation were negatively impacted by $78 million, primarily due to the
recognition of net carried interest associated with the increase in the fair value of Wealthsimple in the second and third
quarters.
  The Corporation recognized an increase in carried interest payable of $51 million on its interest in Wealthsimple included
    in the investing activities of Sagard, as well as the Corporation’s share of the increase in carried interest payable allocated
    to IGM and Lifeco of $52 million and $4 million, respectively, included in the effect of consolidation. The Corporation’s
    total share of the increase in carried interest payable was $107 million, after non-controlling interests.
  As manager, Sagard recognized $54 million of carried interest income, net of related employee expenses, included in
    asset management activities. The Corporation’s total share of the net carried interest income was $29 million, after non-
    controlling interests.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               A  49
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RESULTS – Investing Activities
                                                                                                                                                                           SAGARD                POWER SUSTAINABLE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Investing activities comprises income earned on the capital
                                       invested by the Corporation (proprietary capital) in the                                                          ASSET

                                       investment funds managed by the investment platforms and                                                       MANAGEMENT
                                       the share of earnings (losses) of controlled and consolidated                                                   ACTIVITIES
                                       subsidiaries held within the investment platforms. Due to the
                                       accounting treatment required for the underlying investments
                                       and activities, the results of certain consolidated funds and
                                                                                                                                                       INVESTING
                                       controlled and consolidated subsidiaries included in investing
                                       activities are not aligned with the fair value changes of the                                                    ACTIVITIES

                                       Corporation's respective investment.


                                       The Corporation has determined that it has control of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership due to its exposure
                                       to variable returns and is required to consolidate the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; therefore, the increase in fair
                                       value of the Corporation’s interest held in PSEIP is not recognized in earnings. However, the limited partner equity interests
                                       held by third parties which have redemption features, subject to certain restrictions, have been classified as a financial liability
                                       and are remeasured at their redemption value. The impact from the revaluation of the non-controlling interests (NCI) liabilities
                                       has been excluded from adjusted net earnings. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures”.
                                       Income earned from investment activities (proprietary capital) is volatile in nature as it depends on many factors, including
                                       changes in fair value.
                                       Summary of adjusted and net earnings (loss) from investing activities (proprietary capital):
                                                                                                                                                            Three months ended                    Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                        December 31,        September 30,            December 31,         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                              2025                 2025                    2024                 2025           2024
                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)
                                       SAGARD
                                         Private equity and other strategies                                                       14                        7               26                  148             72
                                         Venture capital (fintech investments) 1                                                     3                  (19)                   8                   (4)           (12)
                                                                                                                                   17                   (12)                 34                  144             60
                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Energy infrastructure 2                                                                  (14)                     (6)               (36)                 (23)           (72)
                                         Other 3                                                                                    (1)                      1                 2                    7              1
                                                                                                                                  (15)                     (5)               (34)                 (16)           (71)


                                       Adjusted net earnings (loss)                                                                  2                  (17)                   −                 128             (11)
                                       Adjustments
                                       SAGARD
                                         Remeasurement of deferred tax assets                                                       −                        −               16                     −            16

                                       POWER SUSTAINABLE
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                         (118)                  (35)                 (28)                (116)           (82)
                                         Currency translation reclassification on Power Sustainable China                           −                        −                 −                    −            54
                                                                                                                                 (118)                  (35)                 (12)                (116)           (12)
                                       Net earnings (loss)                                                                       (116)                  (52)                 (12)                 12             (23)
                                       1 Includes the Corporation’s share of earnings (losses) of Wealthsimple. The twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 includes a charge of $51 million related to the
                                         Corporation’s share of the carried interest payable due to the increase in fair value of the investment held in Wealthsimple, of which $37 million was recorded in the third
                                         quarter and nil in the fourth quarter ($32 million recognized in 2024, of which nil in the fourth quarter).
                                       2 Investments in Energy Infrastructure are consolidated in accordance with IFRS. Contribution to earnings represents the Corporation's share of earnings from the underlying
                                         activities of PSEIP and direct investments (i.e., revenues and expenses of projects, related financing expenses, depreciation, development and G&A expenses).
                                       3 The first quarter of 2025 included a change in fair value of other investments managed within the Power Sustainable platform.




                                             A  50                                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ADJUSTMENTS (EXCLUDED FROM ADJUSTED NET EARNINGS)
Sagard




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
There were no adjustments in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025. For the twelve-month period ended
December 31, 2024, Sagard recognized positive Adjustments of $16 million, which primarily related to the Corporation’s
share of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets by Wealthsimple.
Power Sustainable
For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net negative impact
of $116 million, which consist of the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities and other
market-related impacts:
  A charge of $125 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interest liabilities resulting from changes in fair
    value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to
    third-party investors, of which a charge of $124 million was recorded in the fourth quarter. The Corporation controls and
    consolidates the activities of PSEIP in accordance with IFRS; however, equity interests held by third parties have
    redemption features and are classified as a financial liability, which are remeasured at their redemption value. The twelve-
    month period ended December 31, 2025 includes a net charge of $95 million, related to the Corporation’s share of the
    revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from a net increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
  A recovery of $11 million due to the remeasurement of a deferred tax liability related to the Corporation’s investment in
    PSEIP, recognized in the second quarter of 2025.
  The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a loss of $2 million after tax ($3 million pre-tax),
    of which a gain of $6 million after tax ($8 million pre-tax) was recorded in the fourth quarter.
For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2024, Power Sustainable recognized Adjustments of a net negative impact
of $28 million, which included:
  A charge of $82 million related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities and
    other market-related impacts:
       A charge of $88 million related to the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities resulting from changes in fair
         value of assets held in PSEIP, and the share of earnings (losses) from the consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable
         to third-party investors, of which $41 million was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2024. The twelve-month period
         ended December 31, 2024 included a charge of $49 million, related to the Corporation’s share of the revaluation of
         non-controlling interests liabilities which resulted from an increase in fair value of assets held in PSEIP.
       The Corporation’s share of fair value remeasurements of derivatives was a gain of $6 million after tax ($8 million pre-
         tax) in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2024, of which a gain of $13 million after tax ($17 million pre-
         tax) was recognized in the fourth quarter.
  Partially offset by a recovery of $54 million recognized on the closing of Power Sustainable China, a foreign operation,
    which resulted from the reclassification of the related cumulative translation adjustment to net earnings in the first quarter
    of 2024.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               A  51
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Standalone Businesses

                                       OVER VIEW




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       At December 31, 2025, standalone businesses represent the Corporation’s equity investment in LMPG. Power Sustainable
                                       held a controlling interest of 49.6% at December 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024) in LMPG, a designer, developer,
                                       and manufacturer of a wide range of high-performance and sustainable specification-grade LED solutions for commercial,
                                       institutional, and urban environments.
                                       Power Sustainable held a 34.1% equity interest in Lion Electric, a manufacturer of zero-emission vehicles, at December 31,
                                       2024. The carrying value of the investment in Lion was nil at December 31, 2024. In May 2025, Lion Electric completed a
                                       restructuring transaction under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA). As a result, all issued and outstanding
                                       common shares, options, warrants and other instruments exercisable into, or convertible or exchangeable for, common shares
                                       of Lion were cancelled without consideration.

                                       R ES U LTS
                                       For the three-month period ended December 31, 2025, net loss from standalone businesses was $5 million, compared with
                                       net earnings of $106 million in the corresponding quarter in 2024. The adjusted net loss from standalone businesses for the
                                       three-month period ended December 31, 2025 was $5 million, comparable with the corresponding quarter in 2024.
                                       For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, net loss from standalone businesses was $2 million, compared with
                                       a net loss of $38 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The adjusted net loss from standalone businesses for the twelve-
                                       month period ended December 31, 2025 was $14 million, compared with an adjusted net loss of $64 million in the
                                       corresponding period in 2024.
                                       The net loss in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 excludes Adjustments with a positive impact of
                                       $12 million.

                                       ADJUS TMENTS ( E X C L U D E D F R O M A D J U S T E D N E T E A R N I N G S )
                                       Management of the Corporation applies the definition of adjusted net earnings to the results reported by the standalone
                                       businesses and identifies Adjustments. Adjustments are items excluded from the contribution of the standalone businesses
                                       to the Corporation’s net earnings in the determination of the contribution to adjusted net earnings.
                                       In 2025, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $12 million primarily consisted of the Corporation’s share of the
                                       remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities by LMPG recorded in the first quarter.
                                       In 2024, Adjustments with a positive earnings impact of $26 million after tax ($18 million pre-tax) consisted of:
                                         A net gain of $279 million after tax ($279 million pre-tax) recognized on the sale of the Corporation’s 42.6% interest in
                                            Peak in the fourth quarter of 2024; and
                                         The Corporation’s share of Peak’s gain on disposal of its investment in Rawlings of $46 million after tax ($46 million pre-
                                            tax) recorded in the second quarter of 2024.
                                        Partially offset by:
                                         Impairment charges on the Corporation’s investment in Lion, partially offset by the Corporation’s share of the
                                            remeasurement of warrant obligations at Lion of $122 million after tax ($130 million pre-tax), due to a decline in market
                                            value, of which $81 million after tax was recorded in the fourth quarter; and
                                         The Corporation’s share of non-cash impairment charges recognized on goodwill, partially offset by the impact of
                                            remeasurement of redemption liabilities by LMPG, of $177 million after tax ($177 million pre-tax) of which $87 million
                                            was recorded in the fourth quarter.




                                            A  52                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Corporate Operations and Other
Corporate operations and Other includes the contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings from the Corporation’s




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
other investment activities, as well as corporate operations of the holding company which includes operating expenses,
financing charges, depreciation, income taxes, and dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares.
Summary of corporate operations and other of the Corporation and Power Financial shown on a combined basis:
                                                                                                                  Three months ended                 Twelve months ended
                                                                                      December 31,     September 30,     December 31,       December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                            2025              2025             2024               2025             2024

Contribution to net earnings (loss)
Other investments
   Investment funds                                                                               2                 3                6                  9               15
           1
   Other                                                                                          3               22                34                 25               72
                                                                                                  5               25                40                 34               87
Operating and other expenses
   Operating expenses 2                                                                         (60)              (54)             (57)             (219)             (182)
   Depreciation                                                                                  (2)               (2)              (2)                (7)               (7)
                                                        3
   Fair value change of TSARs, net of hedge                                                       2                 5               (3)                10                1
   Financing charges 4                                                                          (13)              (14)             (13)               (54)             (54)
   Income taxes                                                                                   −                 −               (1)                (1)               (1)
                                                                                                (73)              (65)             (76)             (271)             (243)

Dividends on non-participating and perpetual preferred shares                                   (51)              (48)             (48)             (194)             (192)
Net earnings (loss)                                                                            (119)              (88)             (84)             (431)             (348)
1 Includes foreign exchange gains or losses and interest on cash and cash equivalents.
2 Operating expenses in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 included a charge of $11 million, of which $5 million was recognized in the fourth quarter,
  related to updated performance assumptions used in the measurement of performance share units ($12 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2024,
  recognized in the fourth quarter). Operating expenses related to Power Financial were $90 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 ($69 million in
  the corresponding period in 2024).
3 The Corporation has attached tandem share appreciation rights (TSARs) to certain options, which are classified as cash-settled share-based payments. The Corporation
  has entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-based payments and related liability. The fair value change of
  TSARs represents the change in fair value of the liability, net of the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative instruments.
4 Financing charges related to Power Financial were $18 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 ($17 million in the corresponding period in 2024).




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               A  53
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from adjusted net earnings)
                                       The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                           Three months ended                 Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                              December 31,     September 30,      December 31,         December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                    2025              2025              2024                 2025           2024
                                       Lifeco 1
                                          Market experience relative to expectations                                                    (42)               28                 26              (148)          146
                                          Assumption changes and management actions                                                     (19)              (17)                11               (60)          (102)
                                          Business transformation and other impacts                                                     (49)              (39)               (20)             (178)           (76)
                                          Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets                             (25)              (26)               (26)             (102)          (101)
                                          Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                   −                  7                10               15             10
                                                                                                                                      (135)               (47)                  1             (473)          (123)
                                          Effect of consolidation 2                                                                     (39)              (10)               (15)              (44)           (26)
                                                                                                                                      (174)               (57)               (14)             (517)          (149)
                                       IGM 1
                                         Gain on partial sales of investment in associates                                               16                  −                  −              16               −
                                         Tax loss consolidation                                                                           −                  −                  3                −              3
                                         Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                     −                  −                  −                −             (2)
                                         Share of Lifeco’s adjustments                                                                   (3)                (2)                 −              (11)            (4)
                                                                                                                                         13                 (2)                 3                5             (3)
                                          Effect of consolidation 2                                                                       −                  1                16               13             17
                                                                                                                                         13                 (1)               19               18             14
                                       GBL
                                         Imerys impairment and other charges and
                                           currency translation reclassification                                                      (155)                  −                  −             (155)           (44)
                                         Loss on partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio and
                                           Sienna Investment Managers                                                                   (25)              (67)                  −              (92)             −
                                          Affidea's gain on debt modification                                                             −                  −                  −              22               −
                                                                                                                                      (180)               (67)                  −             (225)           (44)

                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                         Remeasurement of deferred tax assets                                                             −                  −                16                 −            16
                                         Currency translation reclassification on Power Sustainable China                                 −                  −                  −                −            54
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts                              (118)               (35)               (28)             (116)           (82)
                                         Restructuring charges                                                                            −                  −                  −                −            (14)
                                                                                                                                      (118)               (35)               (12)             (116)           (26)
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          Gain on disposal of Peak and affiliated business                                                −                  −              279                  −           325
                                          Lion impairment and other market-related impacts                                                −                  −               (81)                −           (122)
                                          LMPG impairment and other market-related impacts                                                −                  −               (87)                −           (177)
                                          LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                  −                  −                  −              12               −
                                                                                                                                          −                  −              111                12             26
                                                                                                                                      (459)              (160)              104               (828)          (179)
                                       1 As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM, including a realized gain recognized by IGM in the second quarter of 2025 on the sale of a portion
                                         of its interest in Conquest, a corporate investment classified by IGM as FVOCI.



                                       For additional information on each of Lifeco, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Standalone businesses, refer
                                       to their respective “Adjustments” sections above. Also refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.




                                             A  54                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


FINANCIAL POSITION




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONDENSED)
The condensed balance sheets of Lifeco, IGM, and the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and
Power Financial, as well as the Alternative asset investment platforms and Other, are presented below. These tables reconcile
the holding company balance sheet with the condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Corporation at December 31,
2025 and 2024, which are included in Note 35 of the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                                                                                                            December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                      Alternative asset                                   Power
                                                                                                                            investment                               Corporation
                                                                                                              Holding    platforms and              Effect of       consolidated
                                                                                 Lifeco             IGM      company            other 1        consolidation       balance sheet
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                      8,902              1,274        2,232              2,518                 (560)           14,366
Investments                                                                 239,080               5,387           176             4,552                 554            249,749
Investments in publicly traded operating
  companies, investment platforms and other:
   Lifeco and IGM                                                                    424           670        21,574                   −            (22,668)                   −
   GBL 2                                                                              −              −         3,291                   −                   −              3,291
   Other                                                                       1,075              2,397        1,609                   −             (5,081)                   −
Investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates                                                        570          3,084             −             1,734                 (544)             4,844
Insurance contract assets                                                      1,571                 −              −                  −                   −              1,571
Reinsurance contract held assets                                              16,850                 −              −                  −                   −            16,850
Other assets                                                                  26,992              5,662           626           29,100                  (177)           62,203
Intangible assets 3                                                            4,912              1,291              1              915                  (88)             7,031
Goodwill 3                                                                    11,283              2,637             −               334                 407             14,661
Investments on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                             551,169                  −              −                  −                   −           551,169
Total assets                                                                862,828           22,402          29,509            39,153              (28,157)           925,735
Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                              161,644                  −              −                  −                   −           161,644
Investment contract liabilities                                               89,042                 −              −                  −                   −            89,042
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                919             −              −                  −                   −                919
Obligations to securitization entities                                                −           4,815             −                  −                   −              4,815
Power Corporation’s debentures and
  other debt instruments                                                              −              −            647                  −                   −                647
Non-recourse debentures and
  other debt instruments of: 4
   Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                             8,792              2,400           250                  −                 (88)           11,354
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                            −              −              −             4,146                    −              4,146
Other liabilities                                                             18,259              6,149        1,350            32,327               (1,134)            56,951
Insurance contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                               70,418                 −              −                  −                   −            70,418
Investment contracts on account of
  segregated fund policyholders                                             480,751                  −              −                  −                   −           480,751
Total liabilities                                                           829,825           13,364           2,247            36,473               (1,222)           880,687
Equity
Limited recourse capital notes                                                 1,500                 −              −                  −             (1,500)                   −
Perpetual preferred shares                                                     2,920                 −         2,830                   −             (5,750)                   −
Non-participating shares                                                              −              −         1,350                   −                   −              1,350
Participating shareholders’ equity                                            25,437              8,944       23,082              2,280             (36,661)            23,082
Non-controlling interests 5 6                                                  3,146                94              −               400             16,976              20,616
Total equity                                                                  33,003              9,038       27,262              2,680             (26,935)            45,048
Total liabilities and equity                                                862,828           22,402          29,509            39,153              (28,157)           925,735
1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 35 of the 2025
  Consolidated Financial Statements.
3 The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
5 Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated investments.


                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   A  55
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A



                                                                                                                                                                                                      December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                             Alternative asset                                    Power
                                                                                                                                                                   investment                                Corporation




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and                  Effect of    consolidated
                                                                                                                    Lifeco               IGM        company            other 1            consolidation    balance sheet
                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                  10,709                 910           1,606                 858                 (339)         13,744
                                       Investments                                                              231,478             5,600                101              2,497                   311         239,987
                                       Investments in publicly traded operating
                                         companies, investment platforms and other:
                                          Lifeco and IGM                                                             407                 634         21,202                     −             (22,243)               −
                                          GBL 2                                                                         −                 −            3,683                    −                    −           3,683
                                          Other                                                                      705            1,331              1,738                    −              (3,774)               −
                                       Investments in jointly controlled
                                         corporations and associates                                                 486            3,346                   −             1,780                  (494)           5,118
                                       Insurance contract assets                                                   1,193                  −                 −                   −                    −           1,193
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets                                           17,842                  −                 −                   −                    −         17,842
                                       Other assets                                                               26,571            4,948                349             20,047                  (160)         51,755
                                       Intangible assets 3                                                         4,958            1,277                   1                828                   (90)          6,974
                                       Goodwill 3                                                                 11,428            2,637                   −                204                  408          14,677
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                          496,386                   −                 −                   −                    −        496,386
                                       Total assets                                                             802,163            20,683            28,680              26,214               (26,381)        851,359
                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities                                           155,683                   −                 −                   −                    −        155,683
                                       Investment contract liabilities                                            90,157                  −                 −                   −                    −         90,157
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                         795                  −                 −                   −                    −             795
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                           −           5,025                   −                   −                    −           5,025
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                         −                 −              647                    −                    −             647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments of: 4
                                          Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                          9,469            2,400                250                    −                  (88)        12,031
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other                                       −                 −                 −             3,878                      −           3,878
                                       Other liabilities                                                          17,019            5,387              1,073             20,050                  (758)         42,771
                                       Insurance contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                            66,343                  −                 −                   −                    −         66,343
                                       Investment contracts on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                          430,043                   −                 −                   −                    −        430,043
                                       Total liabilities                                                        769,509            12,812              1,970             23,928                  (846)        807,373
                                       Equity
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                              1,500                  −                 −                   −              (1,500)               −
                                       Perpetual preferred shares                                                  2,720                  −            2,830                    −              (5,550)               −
                                       Non-participating shares                                                         −                 −              950                    −                    −             950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                         25,321            7,801            22,930               1,972               (35,094)         22,930
                                       Non-controlling interests 5 6                                               3,113                 70                 −                314               16,609          20,106
                                       Total equity                                                               32,654            7,871            26,710               2,286               (25,535)         43,986
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                             802,163            20,683            28,680              26,214               (26,381)        851,359
                                       1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.
                                       2 Indirectly held through Parjointco. The holding company balance sheet includes the Corporation’s investment in GBL, which is separately presented in Note 35 of the
                                         2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       3 The assets of Lifeco, IGM, and Alternative asset investment platforms and Other exclude the corporate allocation of goodwill and intangible assets.
                                       4 The debentures and other debt instruments of controlled and consolidated investments are secured by their assets which are non-recourse to the Corporation.
                                         Comparative figures have been disaggregated to conform to the presentation in the current period.
                                       5 Lifeco’s non-controlling interests include the Participating Account surplus in subsidiaries.
                                       6 Non-controlling interests in Effect of consolidation represent non-controlling interests in the equity of Lifeco, IGM, PSM, SHMI, and controlled and consolidated
                                         investments.




                                             A  56                                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Consolidated assets and liabilities
Total assets of the Corporation increased to $925.7 billion at December 31, 2025, compared with $851.4 billion at




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
December 31, 2024, mainly due to the following:
  Investments increased by $9.8 billion, primarily due to an increase in Lifeco’s bond volumes in Canada, Europe and the
    U.S., as well as higher fair value of bonds in the U.S., and an increase in public and private equity investments in Canada
    due to purchases and market appreciation.
  Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders, which are measured at fair value, increased by $54.8 billion,
    primarily due to the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $52.4 billion related to net
    unrealized capital gains on investments, net deposits of $1.9 billion, as well as an increase in non-controlling mutual funds
    interest of $0.6 billion.
Liabilities increased to $880.7 billion at December 31, 2025, compared with $807.4 billion at December 31, 2024, mainly due
to the following, as disclosed by Lifeco:
  Insurance contract liabilities increased by $6.0 billion, primarily due to the impact of market movements and currency
    movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
  Investment contract liabilities decreased by $1.1 billion, primarily due to the impact of currency movements and normal
    business movements, partially offset by market movements.
  Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $54.8 billion, primarily
    due to the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $52.4 billion related to net unrealized capital
    gains on investments, as well as net deposits of $1.9 billion.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in force. Insurance
and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Refer to Part B of this MD&A for additional information.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the consolidated balance sheets of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              A  57
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HOLDING COMPANY BALANCE SHEETS
                                       In the holding company balance sheets shown below, Power Corporation and Power Financial are shown on a combined
                                       basis; investments in subsidiaries are presented using the equity method. This presentation assists the reader by identifying




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       changes in the combined holding company balance sheet of Power Corporation and Power Financial, and presents the
                                       investment activities, as well as the holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, debentures and non-
                                       participating shares.
                                                                                                                                                                               December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                     2025             2024

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents 1                                                                                                                     2,232            1,606
                                       Investment in:
                                          Lifeco                                                                                                                                      17,237          17,108
                                          IGM                                                                                                                                          4,337            4,094
                                                2
                                          GBL                                                                                                                                          3,291            3,683
                                          Sagard and Power Sustainable 3                                                                                                               1,525            1,649
                                          Standalone businesses 4                                                                                                                        84                89
                                                                           5
                                       Other assets and investments                                                                                                                     803               451
                                       Total holding company assets                                                                                                                   29,509          28,680
                                       Holding company liabilities
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments 6                                                                                                          897               897
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                               1,350            1,073
                                       Total holding company liabilities                                                                                                               2,247            1,970
                                       Holding company equity
                                       Perpetual preferred shares 7                                                                                                                    2,830            2,830
                                       Non-participating shares                                                                                                                        1,350              950
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                             23,082          22,930
                                       Total holding company equity                                                                                                                   27,262          26,710
                                       Total holding company liabilities and equity                                                                                                   29,509          28,680
                                       1 Cash equivalents include $560 million ($339 million at December 31, 2024) of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months. In accordance with IFRS,
                                         these are classified as investments in the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                       2 Indirectly held through Parjointco.
                                       3 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, presented using the equity method.
                                       4 Controlled standalone business is presented using the equity method for purposes of the holding company presentation.
                                       5 Includes $83 million of dividends declared in the fourth quarter by IGM (same as at December 31, 2024) and received by Power Financial on January 30, 2026. Other
                                         investments include portfolio investments in private investment funds, classified as FVPL. At December 31, 2025, the Corporation had outstanding commitments to make
                                         future capital contributions to these funds for an aggregate amount of $26 million.
                                       6 Includes Power Financial’s debentures of $250 million at December 31, 2025 (same as at December 31, 2024).
                                       7 Perpetual preferred shares issued by Power Financial.




                                            A  58                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents held by the Corporation and Power Financial amounted to $2,232 million at December 31, 2025,




                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
compared with $1,606 million at the end of December 2024 (see “Holding Company Statements of Cash Flows” below for
details).
The cash and cash equivalents held within the investment activities of Sagard and Power Sustainable amounted to $30 million
at December 31, 2025 ($51 million at December 31, 2024) and are included in the carrying amount of the investment
platforms.

Investments
INVES TMENTS IN LIFECO, IG M AND GBL (A T E Q U I T Y )
The table below presents a continuity of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL, which are presented using the equity method
for the purposes of the holding company presentation. The carrying value of the investments in Lifeco, IGM and GBL,
accounted for using the equity method, decreased to $24,865 million at December 31, 2025, compared with $24,885 million
at December 31, 2024:
                                                                                                    Lifeco      IGM              GBL 1           Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                 17,108       4,094           3,683          24,885
   Contribution from adjusted net earnings                                                         3,138        640              (38)           3,740
   Contribution from adjustments                                                                    (517)        18             (225)            (724)
   Disposals                                                                                        (768)         −                   −          (768)
   Share of other comprehensive income (loss)                                                           (11)     (28)             46                7
   Dividends                                                                                      (1,544)      (333)            (175)          (2,052)
   Effect of changes in ownership and other                                                         (169)        (54)                 −          (223)
Carrying value, at December 31, 2025                                                              17,237       4,337           3,291          24,865
1 Indirectly held through Parjointco.


ALTERNATIVE ASS ET INVES TMENT PLATFORMS
The table below presents the components of the alternative asset investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable. The
asset management companies, and controlled and consolidated investments held through the investment platforms, are
presented using the equity method for the purposes of the holding company presentation.
Alternative asset investment platforms are comprised of the following investments:
                                                                                                                        December 31,      December 31,
Carrying value, at                                                                                                            2025              2024

Asset management companies
   Sagard                                                                                                                      164               115
   Power Sustainable                                                                                                              −                 2
Investing activities
   Sagard 1                                                                                                                  1,182             1,031
   Power Sustainable                                                                                                           179               501
                                                                                                                             1,525             1,649
1 Includes Power Financial’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.


Income Taxes
The non-capital losses of the holding company, at December 31, 2025, were $1,524 million ($1,521 million for which the
benefits have not been recognized) and are available to reduce future taxable income (including capital gains). These losses
expire from 2028 to 2045.
The capital losses of the holding company, at December 31, 2025, were $192 million ($98 million for which the benefits have
not been recognized) and can be used indefinitely to offset capital gains.
In addition, at December 31, 2025, deductible temporary differences for which the benefits have not been recognized were
$570 million.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             A  59
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Equity

                                       NON- PAR TICIPATING S HAR ES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Non-participating (preferred) shares of the Corporation consist of seven series of First Preferred Shares with an aggregate
                                       share capital of $1,350 million at December 31, 2025 ($950 million at December 31, 2024), all of which are non-cumulative.
                                       All series are perpetual preferred shares and are redeemable in whole or in part solely at the Corporation’s option.
                                       On September 22, 2025, the Corporation issued 8,000,000 5.75% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series H at $25.00
                                       per share, for gross proceeds of $200 million. Refer to Note 19 of the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
                                       information.
                                       On November 20, 2025, the Corporation issued 8,000,000 5.65% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series I at $25.00
                                       per share, for gross proceeds of $200 million. Refer to Note 19 of the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
                                       information.
                                       The terms and conditions of the other outstanding First Preferred Shares are described in Note 19 of the Corporation’s 2025
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       PAR TICIPATING S HAR EHOLDERS ’ EQU ITY
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity was $23,082 million at December 31, 2025, compared with $22,930 million at December 31, 2024:
                                       Twelve months ended December 31                                                                                                 2025      2024

                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at the beginning of the year                                                              22,930    21,193
                                       Changes in participating shares
                                         Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                             (190)     (161)
                                         Issuance of subordinate voting shares (3,305,264 shares in 2025 and 3,165,255 shares
                                            in 2024) under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plans                                                              113       113
                                                                                                                                                                        (77)      (48)
                                       Changes in retained earnings
                                         Net earnings before dividends on non-participating shares                                                                    2,627     2,795
                                         Dividends declared                                                                                                          (1,623)   (1,509)
                                         Purchase for cancellation of subordinate voting shares under NCIB                                                             (521)     (269)
                                         Realized gains on FVOCI equity instruments transferred to retained earnings                                                    29       238
                                         Effects of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries, and other                                                        (202)     104
                                                                                                                                                                       310      1,359
                                       Changes in reserves
                                         Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                            Foreign currency translation adjustments                                                                                   (329)     663
                                            Investment revaluation and cash flow hedges                                                                                277       (210)
                                            Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans                                                                           62       158
                                            Share of Parjointco and other jointly controlled corporations and associates                                                (89)     (104)
                                         Share-based compensation, including the effect of changes in capital and ownership of subsidiaries                              (2)      (81)
                                                                                                                                                                        (81)     426
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity, at December 31                                                                            23,082    22,930



                                       The book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) of the Corporation was $36.31 at December 31,
                                       2025, compared with $35.56 at the end of 2024.




                                            A  60                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OU TS TANDING NU MBER OF PAR TICIPATING S HARES
At the date of this MD&A, there were 54,860,866 Participating Preferred Shares of the Corporation outstanding (same as
at December 31, 2024), and 577,955,198 Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation outstanding, compared with




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
589,948,328 at December 31, 2024.
At the date of this MD&A, options were outstanding to purchase up to an aggregate of 13,932,337 Subordinate Voting Shares
of the Corporation, including 3,125,198 Subordinate Voting Shares issuable pursuant to options under the Power Financial
Employee Stock Option Plan, which has been assumed by the Corporation, and 323,542 Subordinate Voting Shares were
issuable pursuant to outstanding performance restricted share units.

NOR MAL COURS E ISSU ER BIDS
The Corporation’s NCIB that commenced on March 1, 2024 expired on February 28, 2025. On March 1, 2025, the Corporation
commenced a new NCIB which was effective until February 28, 2026. Pursuant to this bid, the Corporation was able to
purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing approximately 3.7% of the public float
of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 18, 2025) at market prices.
The Corporation repurchased and cancelled 12.4 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $711 million in the twelve-
month period ended December 31, 2025 (10.6 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $430 million in the twelve-
month period ended December 31, 2024).

SUBSEQUENT EVENT
On March 1, 2026, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2027 and the
date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
this bid, the Corporation may purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
approximately 3.8% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 16, 2026) at market prices. At
March 18, 2026, the Corporation has repurchased 3.0 million Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $206 million under the
NCIB programs during 2026.
In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion. The ASPP has been effective since March 1, 2026, the commencement
date of the new NCIB.


ADJUSTED N ET ASSET VALUE
Adjusted net asset value is presented for Power Corporation and represents management’s estimate of the fair value of the
participating shareholders’ equity of the Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is calculated as the fair value of the assets of
the combined Power Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt and preferred shares. In
determining the fair value of assets, investments in subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations and associates are adjusted to
fair value as follows:
  Investments in publicly traded companies are valued at their market value, measured as the closing share price on the
    reporting date;
  Investments in private entities, including debt instruments, are valued at fair value based on management’s estimate using
    consistently applied valuation models either based on a valuation multiple or discounted cash flows. Certain valuations
    are prepared by external valuators or subject to review by external valuators. Market-comparable transactions are
    generally used to corroborate the estimated fair value. The value of investments in private entities is presented net of any
    management incentives; and
  Investments in investment funds are valued at the fair value reported by the fund which is net of carried interest or other
    incentives.
The presentation of the participating shareholders’ equity at fair value is not in accordance with IFRS; adjusted net asset value
is a non-IFRS financial measure. Refer to the section “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” for a description and a reconciliation of
IFRS and non-IFRS financial measures.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              A  61
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       The Corporation’s adjusted net asset value is presented on a look-through basis. The combined holding company balance
                                       sheets of Power Corporation and Power Financial include the investments held in public entities through Power Financial
                                       (Lifeco, IGM and GBL), and the net debt and preferred shares of Power Financial. The adjusted net asset value per share, a non-




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       IFRS ratio, was $85.77 at December 31, 2025, compared with $60.44 at December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 41.9%.
                                       The Corporation’s book value per participating share (refer to the section “Other Measures”) was $36.31 at December 31,
                                       2025, compared with $35.56 at December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 2.1%.
                                                                                                                                             December 31, 2025                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                     Holding                                                Holding
                                                                                                                    company           Fair value    Adjusted net           company         Fair value    Adjusted net
                                                                                                                balance sheet        adjustment      asset value       balance sheet      adjustment      asset value

                                       Holding company assets
                                       Investments
                                          Power Financial
                                             Lifeco                                                                   17,237           24,910            42,147              17,108          13,184           30,292
                                             IGM                                                                       4,337             4,807             9,144               4,094          2,698            6,792
                                             GBL 1                                                                     3,291              (600)            2,691               3,683         (1,521)           2,162
                                          Alternative asset investment platforms
                                             Asset management companies 2
                                                 Sagard                                                                  164               244               408                 115             314             429
                                                 Power Sustainable                                                          −                 −                 −                    2             −                2
                                             Investing activities
                                                 Sagard 3                                                              1,182             1,357             2,539               1,031             721           1,752
                                                 Power Sustainable                                                       179               723               902                 501             652           1,153
                                          Standalone businesses                                                            84                 3                87                  89              (4)             85
                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                       2,232                  −            2,232               1,606               −           1,606
                                       Other assets and investments                                                      803                  −              803                 451               −             451
                                       Total holding company assets                                                   29,509           31,444            60,953              28,680          16,044           44,724
                                       Holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments                                             897                  −              897                 897               −             897
                                       Other liabilities 4                                                             1,350                  −            1,350               1,073               −           1,073
                                       Non-participating shares and
                                        perpetual preferred shares                                                     4,180                  −            4,180               3,780               −           3,780
                                       Total holding company liabilities and
                                        non-participating shares                                                       6,427                  −            6,427               5,750               −           5,750

                                       Net value
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity (IFRS) /
                                        Adjusted net asset value (non-IFRS)                                           23,082           31,444            54,526              22,930          16,044           38,974

                                       Per share                                                                       36.31                               85.77               35.56                           60.44
                                       1 The Corporation’s share of GBL’s reported net asset value was $3.9 billion (€2.4 billion) at December 31, 2025 ($3.9 billion (€2.6 billion) at December 31, 2024).
                                       2 The management company of Sagard is presented at its fair value. The management company of Power Sustainable is presented at its carrying value.
                                       3 Includes the Corporation’s investments in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple, held by Power Financial.
                                       4 In accordance with IAS 12, Income Taxes, no deferred tax liability is recognized with respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
                                         jointly controlled corporations as the Corporation is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences
                                         will not reverse in the foreseeable future. If the Corporation were to dispose of an investment in a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation, income taxes payable on
                                         such disposition would be minimized through careful and prudent tax planning and structuring, as well as with the use of available tax attributes not otherwise recognized
                                         on the balance sheet, including tax losses, tax basis, safe income and foreign tax surplus associated with the subsidiary or jointly controlled corporation.


                                       Investments measured at market value and cash represent 92.4% of the total assets at fair value at December 31, 2025
                                       (91.7% at December 31, 2024). A 10% change in the market value of publicly traded investments would result in a change in
                                       the Corporation’s adjusted net asset value of $5,407 million or $8.51 per share.




                                             A  62                                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CASH FLOWS




                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONDENSED)
The condensed cash flows of Lifeco, IGM and the holding company cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial on
a combined basis, as well as the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms, are presented below. These tables
reconcile the holding company statement of cash flows to the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows of the
Corporation for the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, which are included in Note 35 of the 2025
Consolidated Financial Statements. This presentation assists the reader in assessing the cash flows of the holding company.
Twelve months ended December 31                                                                                                                          2025
                                                                                                             Alternative asset
                                                                                                                   investment                           Power
                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and         Effect of    Corporation
                                                                            Lifeco        IGM       company            Other 1   consolidation    consolidated

Cash flows from:
   Operating activities                                                    2,708        1,035         1,791              961          (1,715)          4,780
   Financing activities                                                   (4,322)       (972)        (1,958)           1,307           2,274          (3,671)
   Investing activities                                                          (56)    301            793             (606)           (780)           (348)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                              (137)          −               −               (2)              −           (139)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          (1,807)        364            626            1,660            (221)            622
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                         10,709          910          1,606              858            (339)         13,744
Cash and cash equivalents, at December 31                                  8,902        1,274         2,232            2,518            (560)         14,366

1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.



Twelve months ended December 31                                                                                                                          2024
                                                                                                             Alternative asset
                                                                                                                   investment                           Power
                                                                                                     Holding    platforms and         Effect of    Corporation
                                                                             Lifeco       IGM       company            Other 1   consolidation    consolidated

Cash flows from:
   Operating activities                                                    4,751        1,092         1,688              (37)         (1,603)          5,891
   Financing activities                                                   (2,285)        (253)       (1,958)           1,090           2,146          (1,260)
   Investing activities                                                      (408)       (474)          658             (861)           (675)         (1,760)
Effect of changes in exchange rates
  on cash and cash equivalents                                                   534        −              −              27                −            561
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           2,592         365            388              219            (132)          3,432
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year                           8,117         545          1,218              639            (207)         10,312
Cash and cash equivalents, at December 31                                 10,709         910          1,606              858            (339)         13,744
1 Includes consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments, Wealthsimple and standalone businesses.


Consolidated cash and cash equivalents increased by $622 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025,
compared with an increase of $3,432 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Operating activities produced a net inflow of $4,780 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025,
compared with a net inflow of $5,891 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Cash flows from financing activities, which include the issuance and repayment of capital instruments, the issuance and
repurchase of participating and preferred shares, the issuance and redemption of common shares, limited-life fund and
redeemable units by subsidiaries, dividends paid on the participating and non-participating shares of the Corporation,
dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests and increases and repayments of obligations to securitization
entities by IGM, represented a net outflow of $3,671 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025,
compared with a net outflow of $1,260 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Cash flows from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of $348 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31,
2025, compared with a net outflow of $1,760 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
Parts B and C of this MD&A include a discussion of the cash flows of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    A  63
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       HOLDING COMPANY STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                       As Power Corporation is a holding company, corporate cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income
                                       from investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       taxes, and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The following combined statements of cash flows of Power Corporation and Power Financial present the cash flows of the
                                       holding company. This presentation has been prepared to assist the reader as it isolates the cash flows of the activities of the
                                       holding company.
                                       Twelve months ended December 31                                                                                                                   2025              2024

                                       Operating activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends
                                          Lifeco                                                                                                                                       1,544             1,411
                                          IGM                                                                                                                                            333                333
                                          GBL                                                                                                                                            175                 92
                                                                                              1
                                       Corporate operations, net of non-cash items                                                                                                      (261)              (148)
                                                                                                                                                                                       1,791             1,688
                                       Financing activities of the holding company
                                       Dividends paid on:
                                          Non-participating shares                                                                                                                        (52)              (52)
                                          Participating shares                                                                                                                         (1,541)           (1,437)
                                          Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                                    (139)              (140)
                                       Issuance of non-participating shares                                                                                                              400                  −
                                       Issuance of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                             104                103
                                       Repurchase of subordinate voting shares                                                                                                          (711)              (430)
                                       Other 2                                                                                                                                            (19)                (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                       (1,958)           (1,958)
                                       Investing activities of the holding company
                                       Distributions and proceeds from disposal of investments 3                                                                                         595             1,109
                                       Disposal of Lifeco shares                                                                                                                         768                  −
                                       Purchase of investments                                                                                                                          (562)              (441)
                                       Other                                                                                                                                               (8)              (10)
                                                                                                                                                                                         793                658
                                       Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             626                388
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at the beginning of the year                                                                                         1,606             1,218
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, at December 31                                                                                                       2,232             1,606
                                       1 Includes changes in short-term receivables from, and payables to, investment platforms.
                                       2 Includes share issuance costs incurred in the third and fourth quarters of 2025.
                                       3 Includes proceeds from the sale of direct investments in energy infrastructure in the second quarter of 2025 and from the disposal of the Corporation’s investments within
                                         Power Sustainable China in 2024.




                                             A  64                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Cash and cash equivalents of the Corporation and Power Financial increased by $626 million in the twelve-month period
ended December 31, 2025, compared with an increase of $388 million in the corresponding period in 2024.




                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Operating activities resulted in a net inflow of $1,791 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025,
compared with a net inflow of $1,688 million in the corresponding period in 2024. Dividends received from the publicly
traded operating companies include:
Twelve months ended December 31                                                                             2025                           2024
                                                                                    Dividend per   Total dividend   Dividend per   Total dividend
(in millions of dollars; except as otherwise noted)                                        share         received          share         received

Lifeco                                                                                    2.44            1,544           2.22            1,411
IGM                                                                                       2.25              333           2.25              333

   Total dividend received from Parjointco was $175 million (€112 million) for the period ended December 31, 2025,
      compared with $92 million (€62 million) for the period ended December 31, 2024.
   On February 11, 2026, subsequent to year-end, Lifeco announced a 10% increase in the quarterly dividend on its
      common shares, from $0.6100 per share to $0.6700 per share, payable on March 31, 2026.
   On February 12, 2026, subsequent to year-end, IGM announced a 10% increase in the quarterly dividend on its common
      shares, from $0.5625 per share to $0.6200 per share, payable on April 30, 2026.
The Corporation’s financing activities during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 resulted in a net outflow of
$1,958 million, comparable with the corresponding period in 2024, and included:
   Dividends paid on non-participating and participating shares by the Corporation of $1,593 million, compared with
      $1,489 million in the corresponding period in 2024. In the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, dividends
      paid on the Corporation’s participating shares were $2.4000 per share, compared with $2.2125 in the corresponding
      period in 2024.
   Dividends paid on preferred shares by Power Financial of $139 million, compared with $140 million in the corresponding
      period in 2024.
   Issuance of non-participating shares of the Corporation for $400 million, compared with no issuance in 2024.
   Issuance of Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation for $104 million pursuant to the Corporation’s Executive Stock
      Option Plan and the Power Financial Employee Stock Option Plan, compared with issuance for an amount of $103 million
      in the corresponding period in 2024.
   Repurchase of Subordinate Voting Shares of $711 million, as part of the NCIB, in the twelve-month period ended
      December 31, 2025, compared with repurchase for an amount of $430 million in the corresponding period in 2024.
The Corporation’s investing activities during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025 resulted in a net inflow of
$793 million, compared with a net inflow of $658 million in the corresponding period in 2024. The twelve-month period
ended December 31, 2025 includes proceeds of $768 million from the sale of Lifeco shares through Power Financial’s
participation in Lifeco’s NCIB to maintain its approximate proportionate ownership.
Proceeds from disposal of investments and purchase of investments are comprised of investment activities of the Corporation
and in its investment platforms.
The Corporation increased its level of fixed income securities with maturities of more than three months, resulting in a net
outflow of $221 million in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, compared with a net outflow of $36 million in
the corresponding period in 2024.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                     A  65
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                          provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                          provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                            and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                          maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent capital;
                                          maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                          maintain a prudent amount of available cash and cash equivalents.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       With the exception of debentures and other debt instruments, the Corporation’s capital is permanent, matching the long-
                                       term nature of its investments. The capital structure of the Corporation consists of: debentures, non-participating shares,
                                       participating shareholders’ equity, and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-
                                       effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation’s consolidated capitalization includes the debentures, preferred shares and other equity instruments, and
                                       other debt instruments issued by its consolidated subsidiaries. Debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power
                                       Financial, Lifeco, IGM and consolidated investment funds and other are non-recourse to the Corporation. The Corporation does
                                       not guarantee debt issued by its subsidiaries. Non-participating shares and total equity accounted for 74% of consolidated
                                       capitalization at December 31, 2025.

                                                                                                                                                                               December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                     2025             2024
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                                647               647
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                  250               250
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                          8,792           9,469
                                       IGM                                                                                                                                             2,400           2,400
                                       Consolidated investment funds and Other 1                                                                                                       4,146           3,878
                                       Effect of consolidation                                                                                                                           (88)             (88)
                                                                                                                                                                                      15,500          15,909
                                                                                                                                                                                      16,147          16,556
                                       Non-participating shares and other equity instruments
                                       Power Corporation                                                                                                                               1,350              950
                                       Power Financial                                                                                                                                 2,830           2,830
                                       Lifeco                                                                                                                                          4,420           4,220
                                                                                                                                                                                       7,250           7,050
                                                                                                                                                                                       8,600           8,000
                                       Equity
                                       Participating shareholders’ equity                                                                                                             23,082          22,930
                                       Non-controlling interests 2                                                                                                                    13,366          13,056
                                                                                                                                                                                      36,448          35,986
                                                                                                                                                                                      61,195          60,542
                                       1 Includes other debt instruments of consolidated investment funds and their controlled investments and standalone businesses; consists of $613 million ($531 million in
                                         2024) of debt including revolving credit facilities and mortgages on investment properties held by the investment funds and other subsidiaries, $3,287 million
                                         ($3,091 million in 2024) of project-related debt held within the Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure platform, and $246 million ($256 million in 2024) of other debt
                                         held by standalone businesses. The other debt instruments are secured by the assets of the controlled investments which are non-recourse to the Corporation. The other
                                         debt instruments held by standalone businesses are subject to certain financial covenants including a minimum cumulative earnings before interest, income taxes,
                                         depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) covenant. At December 31, 2025, this covenant was not in compliance. The lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until
                                         April 30, 2026. See Note 16 B) to the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
                                       2 Represents the non-controlling equity interests of the Corporation’s subsidiaries excluding Power Financial and Lifeco’s preferred shares and limited recourse capital
                                         notes, which are shown in this table as non-participating shares.



                                            A  66                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Power Corporation
  The Corporation filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 19, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
    25 months thereafter, the Corporation may issue First Preferred Shares, Subordinate Voting Shares, subscription receipts
    and unsecured debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to
    access debt and equity markets on a timely basis.
  The Corporation commenced an NCIB on March 1, 2025 which was effective until February 28, 2026. Refer to the section
    “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.
  On September 22, 2025, the Corporation issued 8,000,000 5.75% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series H at
    $25.00 per share, for gross proceeds of $200 million. The net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.
  On November 20, 2025, the Corporation issued 8,000,000 5.65% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series I at
    $25.00 per share, for gross proceeds of $200 million. The net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.

SUBSEQUENT EVENT
  The Corporation commenced an NCIB on March 1, 2026 which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2027 and the
    date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Refer to
    the section “Participating Shareholders’ Equity” for more information.

Power Financial
  Power Financial filed a short-form base shelf prospectus dated November 28, 2024, pursuant to which, for a period of
    25 months thereafter, Power Financial may issue up to an aggregate of $3 billion of First Preferred Shares and unsecured
    debt securities, or any combination thereof. This filing provides the Corporation with the flexibility to access debt and
    equity markets on a timely basis through Power Financial.

Lifeco
  On August 12, 2025, Lifeco’s subsidiary repaid its 0.904% US$500 million senior unsecured notes upon maturity, together
    with accrued interest.
  On September 24, 2025, Lifeco issued 8,000,000 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series Z at $25.00 per
    share for gross proceeds of $200 million.
The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements; however, Lifeco and certain of its
main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory
capital requirements. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe the capital management activities of Lifeco and IGM,
respectively. See Note 22 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

RATINGS
The current rating by Standard & Poor’s (S&P) of the Corporation’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar
DBRS’ current rating on the Corporation’s debentures is “A” with a stable rating trend.
Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of the securities of a
corporation and are indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in
accordance with the terms of each obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each of the agencies set forth below
have been obtained from the respective rating agencies’ websites. These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold the securities of a corporation and do not address market price or other factors that might determine suitability of a
specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of
securities and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.
The “A+” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by S&P is the fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term debt.
A long-term debenture rated “A+” is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and
economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories; however, the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial
commitment on the obligation is still strong.
The “A” rating assigned to the Corporation’s debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the sixth highest of the 26 ratings used for
long-term debt. A long-term debenture rated “A” implies that the capacity for repayment is substantial, but of lesser credit
quality than AA, and may be vulnerable to future events, although qualifying negative factors are considered manageable.
The current rating by S&P of Power Financial’s debentures is “A+” with a stable outlook. Morningstar DBRS’ current rating on
Power Financial’s debentures is “A (High)” with a stable trend.
Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the ratings of the debentures of Lifeco and IGM, respectively.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  67
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       RISK MANAGEMENT
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms. The Corporation, through Power Financial, holds a controlling
                                       interest in Lifeco and IGM and also holds a joint controlling interest in Parjointco, which itself holds a controlling interest in
                                       GBL. As a result, the Corporation bears the risks associated with being a significant shareholder of these operating companies.
                                       A complete description of these risks is presented in their public disclosures. The respective boards of directors of Lifeco,
                                       IGM and GBL are responsible for the risk oversight function at their respective companies. The risk committees of the boards
                                       of directors of Lifeco and IGM are responsible for their risk oversight. Certain officers of the Corporation are members of these
                                       boards and committees of these boards, including the risk committees, and, consequently, in their role as directors, they
                                       participate in the risk oversight function at the operating companies. Parts B and C of this MD&A further describe risks related
                                       to Lifeco and IGM, respectively.

                                       RISK OVERSIGHT
                                       The Corporation believes that a prudent approach to risk is achieved through a governance model that focuses on the active
                                       oversight of its investments. Management, under the Board of Directors’ oversight, is responsible for risk management
                                       associated with the investment activities and operations of the holding company and maintains a comprehensive and
                                       appropriate set of policies and controls.
                                       The Board of Directors provides oversight over risk management primarily through the following committees:
                                         The Audit Committee addresses risks related to financial reporting, cybersecurity and the use of artificial intelligence.
                                         The Human Resources Committee considers risks associated with the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices.
                                         The Governance and Sustainability Committee oversees the Corporation’s approach to appropriately address potential
                                           risks related to governance and sustainability matters.
                                         The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee reviews and considers for approval transactions with related parties
                                           of the Corporation.
                                       There are certain risks inherent in an investment in the securities of the Corporation and in the activities of the Corporation,
                                       including the following and others discussed elsewhere in this MD&A, which investors should carefully consider before
                                       investing in securities of the Corporation. The following is a review of certain risks that could impact the financial condition
                                       and financial performance, and the value of the equity of the Corporation. This description of risks does not include all
                                       possible risks, and there may be other risks of which the Corporation is not currently aware.
                                       The following section discusses the risks specific to the Corporation including the liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk of
                                       the Corporation including Power Financial and the alternative asset investment platforms. Refer to Parts B and C of this MD&A
                                       for a specific discussion of the management of risk at Lifeco and IGM.

                                       STRATEGIC RISK
                                       Strategic risk arises as a result of ineffective strategic decision making, inadequate strategies or a lack of responsiveness to
                                       important changes to the business environment, including macroeconomic or country risk events, or changes to the
                                       regulatory environment. In addition, strategic risk includes risks associated with the Corporation’s holding company structure
                                       and potential future acquisitions.
                                       The successful execution of the Corporation’s investment strategy is uncertain as it requires suitable opportunities, careful
                                       timing and business judgment. The Corporation’s approach consists in overseeing, through the Board of Directors, its
                                       operating businesses and investments with a view to generate long-term, sustainable growth in earnings and dividends. The
                                       Corporation aims to act like an owner with a long-term perspective and a strategic vision anchored in strong core values.
                                       The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for developing the Corporation’s proposed strategic plans, in light of emerging
                                       opportunities and risks and with a view to the Corporation’s sustained profitable growth and long-term value creation, and
                                       for implementing the approved strategic plans. The Board of Directors is responsible for approving the long-term goals and
                                       objectives for the Corporation, and, after considering alternatives, approving the strategic plans developed by the Chief
                                       Executive Officer. The Board of Directors also monitors senior management’s implementation of the approved plans; assesses
                                       the achievement of the Corporation’s goals and objectives; reviews and approves on at least an annual basis management’s
                                       financial plan; and reviews and approves any significant transactions and strategic capital management decisions regarding
                                       the Corporation.




                                           A  68                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


LIQUIDITY RISK
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due or not
be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.




                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
As a holding company, Power Corporation’s ability to meet its obligations, including payment of interest, other operating
expenses and dividends, and to complete current or desirable future enhancement opportunities or acquisitions generally
depends upon dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries, investment platforms and other investments, and its ability
to raise additional capital. Dividends to shareholders of Power Corporation is at the discretion of its Board of Directors and is
dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and creditworthiness of its subsidiaries, jointly
controlled corporations and associates, as well as on their ability to pay dividends. The payment of interest and dividends by
the Corporation’s principal subsidiaries is subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. The requirements imposed by the regulators in any
jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiary to pay dividends.
The Corporation makes certain investments through its investment platforms in the securities of private companies and illiquid
securities. These investments may offer relatively high potential returns, but may also be subject to a relatively higher degree
of risk. From time to time, it may be in the best interests of the Corporation to exit these investments. However, securities of
private companies and illiquid securities may not have a ready market and the Corporation may be unable to sell such
securities at acceptable prices on a timely basis or at all. Illiquidity may limit the Corporation’s ability to realize a return or to
vary components of its investment portfolio promptly in response to changing conditions. In some cases, the Corporation
may also be restricted by contract or by applicable laws from selling such securities for a period of time. The valuation of
private companies is inherently difficult because there is a certain level of uncertainty in the assumptions used to determine
the fair value of these investments.
The Corporation and Power Financial regularly review their liquidity requirements and seek to maintain a sufficient level of
liquidity to meet their operating expenses, financing charges and payment of preferred share dividends for a reasonable
period of time, as defined in their policies. The ability of Power Corporation, including through Power Financial, to arrange
additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing market conditions as well as the business performance
and the risk profile of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. Although the Corporation has been able to access capital on
financial markets in the past, there can be no assurance this will be possible in the future. The inability of Power Corporation
to access sufficient capital on acceptable terms could have a material adverse effect on Power Corporation’s business,
prospects, dividend paying capability and financial condition, and further enhancement opportunities or acquisitions.
The Corporation held $2.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities and amounts held by Power
Financial, at December 31, 2025. Liquidity is also available through the Corporation’s lines of credit with Canadian banks. The
Corporation has a committed line of credit of $500 million. The Corporation also maintains an uncommitted line of credit of
$100 million, and any advances are at the bank’s sole discretion. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation was not
utilizing its committed line of credit or uncommitted line of credit.
The investment platforms including the controlled and consolidated investments have committed and uncommitted lines of
credit of $1,081 million and $357 million, respectively, with Canadian and U.S. banks ($612 million and $294 million,
respectively, was undrawn at December 31, 2025).
Principal repayments on debentures and other debt instruments, and client funds payable (other than those of Lifeco and
IGM) represent the only significant contractual liquidity requirements. The debt instruments of Power Financial as well as those
held by the investment platforms, including the controlled and consolidated investments, are non-recourse to the Corporation.
Contractual maturities of certain liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                             Payments due by period
December 31, 2025                                                                         Demand       1 year or less     1–5 years   Over 5 years       Total
                         1
Client funds payable                                                                      21,494                    −           −              −       21,494
Power Corporation’s debentures                                                                  −                   −           −            650         650
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments
   Power Financial                                                                              −                   −           −            250         250
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                                      −            1,316          1,033          1,891        4,240
Future lease payments                                                                           −                47           174            617         838
Pension contributions                                                                           −                16             −              −             16
                                                                                          21,494             1,379          1,207          3,408       27,488
1 Client funds payable due on demand are primarily offset by other subsidiaries’ funds held on behalf of clients.

Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms’ management of liquidity risk has not changed materially
since December 31, 2024.


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     A  69
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       CREDIT RISK AND MARKET RISK
                                       In order to maintain an appropriate level of available liquidity, the Corporation maintains a portfolio of financial instruments
                                       which can be a combination of cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       securities and investment funds) and derivatives. The Corporation also holds, through Power Financial and its investment
                                       platforms, shares of private and publicly traded companies, funds held on behalf of clients, securities borrowed, other loans
                                       and derivatives. Those investments bear credit and market risks as described in the following sections.

                                       Credit risk
                                       Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation if a counterparty in a transaction fails to meet its payment
                                       obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit spreads on tradable fixed
                                       income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivatives products.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms including controlled and consolidated investments manage
                                       credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to an investment policy that establishes guidelines which provide
                                       exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum ratings and concentration limits.
                                       Fixed income securities, which are included in investments and in cash and cash equivalents, consist primarily of bonds and
                                       highly liquid temporary deposits with Canadian chartered banks and banks in jurisdictions where Power Corporation, Power
                                       Financial and the investment platforms including controlled and consolidated investments operate, as well as bonds and
                                       short-term securities of, or guaranteed by, the Canadian or U.S. governments. The Corporation and Power Financial regularly
                                       review the credit ratings of their counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is their
                                       carrying value.
                                       Other controlled and consolidated investments had funds held on behalf of clients of $21,494 million at December 31, 2025
                                       ($12,902 million in 2024), which are mainly held with Schedule I chartered banks.
                                       The financial instruments held by the investment platforms and Power Financial include other loans and are subject to credit
                                       risk. The investment platforms held other loans, classified as FVPL and as amortized cost, of $686 million and $1,224 million,
                                       respectively, at December 31, 2025 ($314 million and nil, respectively, at December 31, 2024). The investment platforms
                                       regularly review the credit ratings of their counterparties and the maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial
                                       instruments is their carrying value.
                                       Derivatives can be also used mainly to mitigate foreign exchange or equity exposures. Power Corporation and Power Financial
                                       regularly review the credit ratings of derivative financial instrument counterparties. Derivative contracts are over-the-counter
                                       with counterparties that are highly rated financial institutions.
                                       Investment platforms including controlled and consolidated investments are also exposed to credit risk through derivative
                                       contracts used to hedge interest rate risk or mitigate foreign exchange exposures, and regularly review the credit ratings of
                                       their counterparties. The exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms’ exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash
                                       and cash equivalents, fixed income securities, funds held on behalf of clients, securities borrowed, other loans and derivatives
                                       have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

                                       Market risk
                                       Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate as a result of changes in
                                       market factors. Market factors include foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk and equity risk.

                                       F OR EIG N EX CHANG E R ISK
                                       Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms operating in different
                                       currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at different foreign exchange
                                       levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
                                       In its ongoing operations, the Corporation may hold cash balances denominated in foreign currencies and thus be exposed
                                       to fluctuations in exchange rates. In order to protect against such fluctuations, Power Corporation and Power Financial may
                                       from time to time enter into currency-hedging transactions with highly rated financial institutions. At December 31, 2025,
                                       approximately 17% of the $2,232 million (46% of $1,606 million at December 31, 2024) of Power Corporation and Power
                                       Financial’s cash and cash equivalents and fixed income securities were denominated in foreign currencies, consisting of
                                       $252 million in U.S. dollars, $126 million in euros, $3 million in Swiss francs and $3 million in Chinese renminbi. At December 31,
                                       2025, approximately 76% (55% at December 31, 2024) of Power Corporation, Power Financial and investment platforms’ cash
                                       and cash equivalents and fixed income securities were denominated in Canadian dollars.
                                       Investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and through its investment platforms are either classified as FVOCI
                                       or at FVPL. These investments are diversified among the U.S. dollar and the euro which contributes to reducing the
                                       concentration of foreign exchange risk. All unrealized gains and losses due to foreign exchange rate variations on investments
                                       classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as
                                       FVPL resulting from foreign exchange rate variations are recorded directly in net earnings. At December 31, 2025 the impact
                                       of a 5% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would result in a loss recorded in net earnings of
                                       approximately $108 million. At December 31, 2025 investments classified as FVOCI were not significant. Power Corporation’s
                                       and Power Financial’s debentures are denominated in Canadian dollars.

                                           A  70                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Power Corporation has net investments in foreign operations. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and
losses from net investments in foreign operations are recorded in other comprehensive income. Strengthening or weakening of
the Canadian dollar spot rate compared with the U.S. dollar spot rate impacts the Corporation’s total equity.




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Power Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in GBL held through Parjointco as its functional currency
is the euro. Foreign currency translation gains and losses on this investment are recorded in other comprehensive income. At
December 31, 2025, the impact of a 5% increase (decrease) in Canadian currency relative to the foreign currency would
decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of foreign investment by approximately $165 million ($185 million in 2024).

INTERES T R ATE R IS K
Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in interest rates.
The investment platforms and Power Financial held other loans, classified as FVPL, of $686 million and are exposed to interest
rate risk ($314 million at December 31, 2024). The investment platforms also held other loans, classified as amortized cost, of
$1,224 million (nil at December 31, 2024). As at December 31, 2025, the impact to net earnings of a 100 basis point increase
in interest rates would not have been significant.
The investment platforms including controlled and consolidated investments are exposed to interest rate risk on funds held
on behalf of clients of $21,494 million ($12,902 million at December 31, 2024) invested in interest-bearing accounts, of which
the majority have an offsetting liability.
Power Corporation, Power Financial and the investment platforms’ financial instruments do not have significant exposure to
interest rate risk.

EQU ITY R ISK
Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from volatility
in equity markets.
Investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and through its investment platforms are either classified as FVOCI
or FVPL. All unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and
transferred directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are
recorded directly in net earnings. At December 31, 2025, investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. At December 31,
2025, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and in the
investment platforms would have resulted in approximately $455 million loss recorded in net earnings related to investments
classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL.
The investments held by Power Corporation, Power Financial and through its investment platforms classified as FVOCI or at
FVPL, including jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL, include shares of private and publicly traded
companies. The investment platforms are diversified with investment activities primarily in Europe and North America. This
diversification avoids a concentration in any one single economy.
GBL holds a portfolio of investments which the Corporation and GBL have classified as FVOCI or FVPL. All unrealized gains
and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to
retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net
earnings. At December 31, 2025, the impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate
$170 million unrealized loss to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as FVOCI and a
$45 million loss recorded in net earnings related to investments classified as FVPL, representing the Corporation’s share of
Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
The market price of the equity securities of Power Corporation’s subsidiaries and investments may be volatile and subject to
numerous factors beyond such subsidiaries’ or investments’ control. At times, financial markets have experienced significant
price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of the equity securities of the subsidiaries and investments,
and that are often unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Volatility
in the market price of the equity securities of subsidiaries and investments may have an impact on the adjusted net asset value
reported by the Corporation.
The alternative asset investment platforms and controlled and consolidated investments, including Wealthsimple, earn fee
and other income including management fees which are charged as a percentage of fee-bearing capital or as a percentage
of the corresponding AUM or AUA. The AUM levels are impacted by an increase in subscriptions or redemptions, fundraising
new capital commitments in closed-ended funds and changes in the market. Global markets by their nature are subject to
uncertainty and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices, foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest
rates/credit spreads, or other asset values could cause the AUM, revenue and respective earnings of the investment platforms
and controlled and consolidated investments to decline materially.
Power Corporation’s management of financial instruments risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2024. For a
further discussion of Power Corporation’s risk management, please refer to Note 23 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated
Financial Statements. Parts B and C of this MD&A describe respectively Lifeco’s and IGM’s management of financial
instruments risk.



                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                     A  71
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       OPERATIONAL RISK
                                       Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss resulting from people, inadequate or failed internal processes and technologies,
                                       or external events, which include the risks of adverse impacts from unethical practices, including internal and external frauds,




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       corruption and bribery, conflicts of interest and data privacy, as well as inadequate human resources practices, execution and
                                       processing errors, model risk, valuation risk, suppliers and third-party risk, business disruptions, cybersecurity, risks related to
                                       the inappropriate use of artificial intelligence or other emerging technologies, legal risk and regulatory compliance risk.
                                       Although operational risk cannot be eliminated entirely, the Corporation’s risk management processes are designed to
                                       manage these risks in a thorough and diligent manner.
                                       The Corporation manages operational risk by adopting and applying a series of corporate governance policies, procedures
                                       and practices such as human resource and compensation practice policies, a clawback policy for all officers, a Code of
                                       Business Conduct and Ethics for directors, officers and employees (the Code of Conduct), a Third Party Code of Conduct, a
                                       Global Anti-Bribery Policy, a Global Sanctions Policy, a Privacy Policy, an Artificial Intelligence Use Policy, business continuity
                                       procedures, related party transactions review and other corporate governance guidelines. The Corporation also has
                                       established a series of controls for financial reporting and disclosure purposes, and such controls, which are tested on a
                                       regular basis, can contribute to identifying and mitigating operational risks.

                                       Cybersecurity risk
                                       The Corporation is exposed to risks relating to cybersecurity, in particular cyber threats, which include cyber-attacks such as,
                                       but not limited to, hacking, computer viruses, unauthorized access to confidential, proprietary or sensitive information or other
                                       breaches of network or Information Technology (IT) security. The Corporation continues to monitor and enhance its defences
                                       and procedures to prevent, detect, respond to and manage cybersecurity threats, which are constantly evolving.
                                       Consequently, the Corporation’s IT defences are continuously monitored and adapted to both prevent and detect cyber-
                                       attacks, and then recover and remediate. Disruption to information systems or breaches of security could result in a negative
                                       impact on the Corporation’s financial results or result in reputational damage.

                                       Model risk
                                       Model risk is the risk of adverse consequences arising from the inappropriate use or interpretation of models, or the use of
                                       deficient models, data or assumptions by the Corporation or by the investment platforms. Changes in the internal assumptions
                                       or other factors affecting the models could lead to a change in fair value. The Corporation and the investment platforms use
                                       a variety of models to assist in the valuation of financial instruments, operational scenario testing, management of cash flows,
                                       capital management, and assessment of potential acquisitions or investment decisions.

                                       Regulatory compliance risk
                                       Regulatory compliance risk is the risk of the Corporation or its employees failing to comply with the regulatory requirements
                                       in effect where the Corporation does business, both in Canada and internationally. There are many laws, governmental rules
                                       and regulations, including financial reporting and disclosure rules, that apply to the Corporation. Interpretation of these laws,
                                       rules and regulations by the Corporation, governmental agencies, or the courts could result in situations of regulatory non-
                                       compliance and could adversely affect the Corporation’s reputation and result in penalties, fines and sanctions or increased
                                       oversight by regulators. The Corporation, in addition to complying with these laws, rules and regulations, must also monitor
                                       them closely so that changes therein are taken into account in the management of its activities.
                                       The Corporation ensures that the tax implications of all of its strategic decisions comply with its legal and tax reporting
                                       obligations as well as anticipate potential changes in the current legal framework to avoid any risk of non-compliance that
                                       could have adverse impacts.

                                       REPUTATION RISK
                                       Reputation risk is the risk that an activity undertaken by the Corporation would be judged negatively by its stakeholders or
                                       the public, whether that judgment is with or without basis, thereby impairing its image and resulting potentially in the loss of
                                       business, limited financing capacity, legal action or increased regulatory oversight. Reputation risk can arise from a number
                                       of events and is generally related to a deficiency in managing another risk. For example, non-compliance with laws and
                                       regulations as well as deficiencies in financial reporting and disclosures can have a significant reputational impact on the
                                       organization.
                                       The Board of Directors has adopted the Code of Conduct, which includes the Corporation’s guidelines on conflicts of interest,
                                       as well as a Third Party Code of Conduct, that govern the conduct of the Corporation’s Directors, officers, employees, advisors,
                                       consultants and suppliers. The Board of Directors oversees compliance with the Code of Conduct through the Corporation’s
                                       General Counsel and Secretary, who monitors compliance with the Code of Conduct. Directors and employees of the
                                       Corporation are required to confirm annually, and officers are required to confirm quarterly, their understanding of, and
                                       agreement to comply with, the Code of Conduct.




                                           A  72                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


SUSTAINABILITY RISK
Sustainability risk is the potential loss associated with the inability of the Corporation and its employees to identify and manage
environmental and social risks, which could adversely impact the Corporation’s financial position and reputation.




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Environmental risks relate to the adverse impacts that could result from climate change, waste, and resource consumption.
Social risks relate to the adverse impacts on people that could result from improper practices related to human rights, labour
conditions, health and safety, harassment, diversity, equity and inclusion, wages and benefits, and supplier management.
Anchored by a strong responsible management culture, the Corporation takes a balanced and sustainable approach to
conducting business. The Corporation adheres to the clear guidelines set out in its Code of Conduct, which applies to the
Corporation’s directors, officers and employees, as well as in its Third-Party Code of Conduct, which applies to advisors,
consultants and suppliers. The Corporation also maintains other supporting policies, procedures and controls, including a
Corporate Sustainability Statement, an Environmental Policy, a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy, and a Respectful
Workplace Policy.
The Corporation provides training and capacity building for its employees to ensure sustainability risks are identified and
mitigated consistent with its policies and procedures. The Board of Directors’ risk management oversight includes ensuring
that material sustainability risks are appropriately identified, managed, and monitored. Responsibility for sustainability
considerations at the Board of Directors’ level is assigned to the Governance and Sustainability Committee. The Corporation’s
Vice-President, General Counsel and Secretary has been appointed as the Corporation’s Sustainability Lead. Sustainability
risks and opportunities are reviewed by the Governance and Sustainability Committee through an annual update and
progress report provided by the Corporation’s Sustainability Lead, or more frequently as appropriate. The Sustainability Lead
also reports annually to the Audit Committee on the implementation of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and of the
Global Anti-Bribery Policy.
The Corporation monitors evolving regulatory requirements regarding sustainability in order to be in compliance with any
future requirements.

OTHER RISKS
Tax risk
Jurisdictions in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries operate periodically review and amend their tax laws and policies.
Changes to tax rates may increase the tax expense of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, adversely impacting earnings.
Management actively monitors changes and developments to domestic and international tax laws and policies and their
potential impacts.
The 15% Global Minimum Tax (GMT) regime has been in effect since 2024 and applies to countries in which the Corporation
and its subsidiaries have significant operations. The Corporation and its subsidiaries will file GMT returns for the first time in
2026, in respect of the 2024 tax year. There is a risk that future legislative changes, administrative guidance or interpretative
differences between countries with respect to the GMT may result in unanticipated tax liabilities, compliance costs or
operational challenges at the Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Macroeconomic risk
Global and macroeconomic conditions remain in a state of heightened volatility and many factors contribute to economic
uncertainty. These include geopolitical risk and tension, armed conflicts in various parts of the world, the impact of trade
relations and ongoing trade tensions, and fiscal policy developments. These factors may result in elevated volatility of financial
markets and influence inflation, interest rates and economic growth in the geographies in which the Corporation and its
subsidiaries operate. The outlook for financial markets over the short and medium term remains uncertain and the
Corporation and its subsidiaries actively monitor events and information globally. The diversified business portfolios of the
Corporation’s operating subsidiaries and its prudent approach to risk management help to mitigate risks presented by
ongoing global economic uncertainty.
Emerging risks
An emerging risk is a risk not well understood at the current time and for which the impacts on the Corporation, including on
its strategy and financial results, are difficult to assess or are in the process of being assessed.
Monitoring emerging risks is an important component of risk management. Power Corporation actively monitors emerging
risks through:
  Review and analysis at the boards and committees of its operating companies around the world where local executives
    describe the emerging risks in their respective environments.
  The Corporation’s executive officers act as the Corporation’s risk management committee. They meet regularly to
    identify, analyze and review the Corporation’s risks and to implement strategies to mitigate these risks.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                A  73
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FINANCIAL INSTRU MENTS AND OTHER INSTRUMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
                                       Fair value represents the amount that would be exchanged in an arm’s-length transaction between willing parties and is best
                                       evidenced by a quoted market price, if one exists. Fair values represent management’s estimates and are generally calculated
                                       using market information and at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective
                                       in nature, involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed have been categorized
                                       based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
                                         Level 1 inputs utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
                                           Corporation has the ability to access.
                                         Level 2 inputs utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                                           directly or indirectly.
                                         Level 3 inputs utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and include situations
                                           where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
                                       when measuring fair value. In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value
                                       hierarchy. In such cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement falls has been determined
                                       based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’
                                       assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and considers factors
                                       specific to the asset or liability.




                                           A  74                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair value of the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ assets and liabilities
recorded or disclosed at fair value. The table distinguishes between assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring
basis and those for which fair value is disclosed. The table excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. Items excluded are:
cash and cash equivalents, dividends, accounts and interest receivable, securities borrowed, funds held on behalf of clients, certain
other financial assets, accounts payable, dividends and interest payable, securities loaned and certain other financial liabilities.
                                                                                                           December 31, 2025                             December 31, 2024
                                                                                          Carrying value             Fair value         Carrying value             Fair value

Assets
Assets recorded at fair value
  Bonds
     FVPL                                                                                      161,232               161,232                 153,266               153,266
     FVOCI                                                                                      13,040                13,040                  13,758                13,758
  Mortgage and other loans
     FVPL                                                                                       32,489                32,489                  33,932                33,932
     FVOCI                                                                                          269                   269                     461                   461
  Shares
     FVPL                                                                                       21,301                21,301                  18,649                18,649
     FVOCI                                                                                        1,043                 1,043                     923                   923
  Investment in jointly controlled corporations and associates 1                                  1,452                 1,452                     950                   950
  Investment properties                                                                           8,493                 8,493                   8,350                 8,350
  Derivative instruments                                                                          2,290                 2,290                   2,637                 2,637
  Trading account assets                                                                          3,995                 3,995                   3,701                 3,701
  Other assets                                                                                      849                   849                     395                   395
                                                                                               246,453               246,453                 237,022               237,022
Assets disclosed at fair value
  Bonds
     Amortized cost                                                                                 595                   596                     376                   377
  Mortgage and other loans
     Amortized cost                                                                             11,287                10,964                  10,272                  9,685
                                                                                                11,882                11,560                  10,648                10,062
Total                                                                                          258,335               258,013                 247,670               247,084

Liabilities
Liabilities recorded at fair value
   Investment contract liabilities                                                              89,042                89,042                  90,157                90,157
   Derivative instruments                                                                         2,438                 2,438                   2,180                 2,180
   Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                     3,904                 3,904                   3,791                 3,791
   Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                         4,128                 4,128                   2,928                 2,928
   Lifeco's other debt instruments                                                                   51                    51                       54                    54
   Consolidated investment funds’ other debt instruments                                             86                    86                       43                    43
   Other liabilities                                                                                649                   649                     240                   240
                                                                                               100,298               100,298                  99,393                99,393
Liabilities disclosed at fair value
   Obligations to securitization entities                                                         4,815                 4,916                   5,025                 5,098
   Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                        647                   682                     647                   703
   Non-recourse debentures and
    other debt instruments of:
      Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                           11,303                10,789                  11,977                11,335
      Consolidated investment funds and Other                                                     4,060                 4,006                   3,835                 3,820
   Client funds payable                                                                         25,793                25,793                  16,605                16,605
   Other liabilities                                                                                514                   514                     424                   424
                                                                                                47,132                46,700                  38,513                37,985
Total                                                                                          147,430               146,998                 137,906               137,378
1 Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
  to be measured at FVPL.


See Note 29 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure of the Corporation’s fair
value measurement at December 31, 2025.



                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                 A  75
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                       In the course of their activities, the Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative financial instruments. When using such
                                       derivatives, they only act as limited end-users and not as market makers in such derivatives.




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The use of derivatives is monitored and reviewed on a regular basis by senior management of the Corporation and by senior
                                       management of its subsidiaries. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have each established operating policies, guidelines
                                       and procedures relating to the use of derivative financial instruments, which in particular focus on:
                                         prohibiting the use of derivative instruments for speculative purposes;
                                         documenting transactions and ensuring their consistency with risk management policies;
                                         demonstrating the effectiveness of the hedging relationships; and
                                         monitoring the hedging relationships.
                                       There were no major changes to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies and procedures with respect to the use of
                                       derivative instruments in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025. The following table provides a summary of the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries’ derivatives portfolio:
                                                                                                                    December 31, 2025                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                                              Maximum                Total                         Maximum             Total
                                                                                                  Notional    credit risk       fair value            Notional     credit risk    fair value

                                       Power Corporation                                             509           258               257                  535             64            63
                                       Power Financial                                                36             32               32                    37            16            16
                                       Lifeco                                                     70,777         1,863              (549)             63,066          2,431           294
                                       IGM                                                         1,766             70               55                1,982             36            10
                                       Other subsidiaries                                          3,192             67               57                2,723             90            74
                                                                                                  75,771         2,032              (405)             67,808          2,573           394
                                                                                                  76,280         2,290              (148)             68,343          2,637           457


                                       During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025, there was an increase of $7.9 billion in the notional amount of
                                       derivatives outstanding, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging activities by Lifeco. The Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ exposure to derivative counterparty risk (which represents the current fair value of instruments in a gain position)
                                       decreased to $2,290 million at December 31, 2025 from $2,637 million at December 31, 2024. The decrease was primarily
                                       due to the euro and British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay euros or British
                                       pounds and receive U.S. dollars.
                                       Parts B and C of this MD&A provide information on the types of derivative financial instruments used by Lifeco and IGM,
                                       respectively.
                                       See Note 28 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.


                                       OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

                                       GUARANTEES
                                       In the normal course of their operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may enter into certain agreements, the nature
                                       of which precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Corporation or
                                       subsidiary could be required to pay third parties, as some of these agreements do not specify a maximum amount and the
                                       amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be
                                       determined. See also Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       LETTERS OF CREDIT
                                       In the normal course of its reinsurance business, Lifeco provides letters of credit to other parties or beneficiaries. A beneficiary
                                       will typically hold a letter of credit as collateral to secure statutory credit for insurance and investment contract liabilities ceded
                                       to or amounts due from Lifeco. Lifeco may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing letters of
                                       credit on maturity. See also Part B of this MD&A.
                                       Potentia and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure have issued letters of credit totalling $297 million with one-year terms
                                       to support required lender reserves, performance guarantees for operating solar and wind assets, as well as commitments
                                       for projects under construction.
                                       See also Note 34 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                             A  76                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations and class actions,




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
arising in the normal course of business. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings with
certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
Corporation. See also Parts B and C of this MD&A and Note 33 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements.


COMMITMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

                                                                                                                              Payments due by period

At December 31, 2025                                                          Demand     1 year or less   1–5 years     Over 5 years       Undefined 1               Total
                        2
Power Corporation                                                                    −             10               8          663                109                790
Power Financial 2                                                                    −             13               8          264                  −                285
Lifeco                                                                               −         8,682        3,722            4,959                  −             17,363
IGM                                                                             4,299          1,340        4,153            1,974                  −             11,766
Alternative asset investment platforms and
 consolidation entries                                                        21,494           1,473        1,543            2,376                504             27,390
Total                                                                         25,793         11,518         9,434           10,236                613             57,594

Client funds payable 3                                                        25,793                −           −                 −                 −             25,793
Debentures and other debt instruments 4                                              −         2,394        4,541            9,356                  −             16,291
Obligations to securitization entities                                               −         1,279        3,532                 4                 −              4,815
Lease obligations 5                                                                  −           131          436              806                  −              1,373
Purchase obligations 6                                                               −           932          657                13                 −              1,602
Pension contributions 7                                                              −           313            −                 −                 −                313
                                18
Contractual commitments                                                              −         6,469          268                57               613              7,407
Total                                                                         25,793         11,518         9,434           10,236                613             57,594
1 Includes outstanding commitments from the Corporation and the alternative asset investment platforms to make future capital contributions to investment funds; the exact
  amount and timing of each capital contribution cannot be determined. Excludes commitments to controlled and consolidated funds.
2 Includes debentures of the Corporation of $650 million and Power Financial of $250 million.
3 Client funds payable due on demand are primarily offset by other subsidiaries’ funds held on behalf of clients.
4 Refer to Note 15 and Note 16 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
5 Refer to Note 17 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
6 Purchase obligations are commitments of Lifeco to acquire goods and services, primarily related to information services, as well as purchase contracts related to projects
  under construction at PSEIP.
7 Pension contributions include expected contributions to defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans as well as other post-employment benefit plans and are
  subject to change, as contribution decisions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements and management’s ability to change
  funding policy. Funding estimates beyond one year are excluded due to variability in the assumptions required to project the timing of future contributions. Refer to
  Note 27 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.
8 Includes $6,794 million of commitments by Lifeco, net of eliminations in controlled and consolidated investment funds. These contractual commitments are essentially
  commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations, in accordance with Lifeco’s policies and guidelines, which are to be disbursed upon
  fulfillment of certain contract conditions.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            A  77
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AN D JU DGMENTS
                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and managements of its subsidiaries are




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. The results of the Corporation reflect the judgments of the
                                       managements of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global
                                       credit, equities, investment properties and foreign exchange, as well as, with respect to Lifeco, prevailing health and mortality
                                       experience. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant judgments are made by the management of
                                       the Corporation and the managements of its subsidiaries include: the entities to be consolidated or accounted for using the
                                       equity method, fair value measurements, expected credit losses, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, valuation of
                                       insurance contract liabilities, income taxes and pension plans and other post-employment benefits.
                                       Additional details regarding these significant estimates and judgments can be found in Note 2 to the Corporation’s 2025
                                       Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       CONSOLIDATION
                                       Management of the Corporation consolidates all subsidiaries and entities in which it has determined that the Corporation has
                                       control. Control is evaluated according to the ability of the Corporation to direct the relevant activities of the subsidiaries,
                                       including investment funds or other structured entities, in order to derive variable returns. Management of the Corporation
                                       and of each of its subsidiaries exercise judgment in determining whether control exists. Judgment is exercised in evaluating
                                       the variable returns and in determining the extent to which the Corporation or its subsidiaries have the ability to exercise their
                                       power to affect variable returns.
                                       Management of the Corporation exercises judgment in determining whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent when
                                       the Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund. The Corporation determines that it is a
                                       principal when it has sufficient capital invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the decisions of
                                       the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager. Judgment is applied in determining the sufficiency of the variability of
                                       returns and overall aggregate economic interest. In making these judgments, the Corporation considers the rights held by
                                       other investors, including their ability to remove the fund manager.

                                       JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                       Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
                                       Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financing
                                       policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
                                       for using the equity method. Management of the Corporation and of each of its subsidiaries exercise judgment in determining
                                       whether joint control or significant influence exists.
                                       In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
                                       capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates at FVPL.

                                       FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT
                                       A financial asset is measured at fair value on initial recognition and is classified and subsequently measured as FVPL, FVOCI,
                                       or amortized cost based upon the Corporation’s or its subsidiaries’ business models for managing these assets and the
                                       contractual cash flow characteristics of these assets.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
                                       when measuring fair value. The following is a description of the methodologies used to value instruments carried at fair value.

                                       Bonds at FVPL and FVOCI
                                       Fair values for bonds measured as FVPL or FVOCI are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily
                                       provided by third-party independent pricing sources. Where prices are not quoted in an active market, fair values are
                                       determined by valuation models. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in active markets, when available,
                                       for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure bonds at fair value in its FVPL and FVOCI portfolios.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries estimate the fair value of bonds not traded in active markets by referring to actively
                                       traded securities with similar attributes, dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodology, discounted cash flow analyses and/or
                                       internal valuation models. This methodology considers such factors as the issuer’s industry, the security’s rating, term, coupon
                                       rate and position in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other
                                       relevant factors. For bonds that are not traded in active markets, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity, and such
                                       adjustments generally are based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management’s best estimate
                                       is used.




                                           A  78                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Mortgage and other loans at FVPL and FVOCI
There are no market-observable prices for mortgage and other loans; therefore, fair values for mortgage and other loans are




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
determined by discounting expected future cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs
typically include benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads based on current lending activities and market activity.

Equity-release mortgages at FVPL
There are no market-observable prices for equity-release mortgages; Lifeco uses an internal valuation model for discounting
expected future cash flows and includes consideration of the embedded no-negative-equity guarantee. Inputs to the model
include market-observable inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market-observable inputs
include property growth and volatility rates, expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long-term care and
interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no-negative-equity guarantee.

Shares at FVPL and FVOCI
Fair values of publicly traded shares are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where
it is principally traded. Fair values of shares for which there is no active market are typically based upon alternative valuation
techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movement relative to the market and utilization of
information provided by the underlying investment manager. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in
active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure shares at fair value.

Investment properties
Fair values of investment properties are determined using independent qualified appraisal services and include adjustments
by management of its subsidiaries for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market
conditions in the interim period between appraisals. The determination of the fair value of investment properties requires the
use of estimates including future cash flows (such as future leasing assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating
expenditures) and discount, reversionary and overall capitalization rates applicable to the asset based on current market
conditions. Investment properties under construction are valued at fair value if such values can be reliably determined;
otherwise, they are recorded at cost.

EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES
Expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated
as FVPL and equity instruments designated as FVOCI.
The ECL allowance is based on a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses expected as a result of defaults over the
relevant time period as prescribed under the ECL model, which is a three-stage impairment approach.
Performing financial assets that have not experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or have low
credit risk are categorized into stage 1. A 12-month ECL allowance is calculated for stage 1 financial assets.
Performing financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are categorized
into stage 2. A lifetime ECL allowance is calculated for stage 2 financial assets.
Impaired financial assets are categorized into stage 3 and require a lifetime ECL allowance.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor all financial assets that are subject to impairment for significant increases in
credit risk. In making this assessment, both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,
including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort, is considered.

GOODWILL AND INDEFINITE LIFE INTANGIBLE ASSETS IMPAIRMENT TESTING
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for
impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Indefinite life intangible assets
that were previously impaired are reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal.
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units or to groups of cash generating
units (CGUs), representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill and
indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to the recoverable
amount of the CGUs to which the goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated.
An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less cost of disposal or value in use, which is calculated using the
present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to be generated.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               A  79
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       INSURANCE, REINSURANCE HELD AND INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                       In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, Lifeco has made valuation assumptions regarding rates of
                                       mortality/morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       elective policy options or provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a risk
                                       adjustment for non-financial risk. This risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that Lifeco requires
                                       for bearing uncertainty in the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk. Risk adjustments
                                       for non-financial risk are reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.
                                       The estimates of the present value of future cash flows are measured by Lifeco for reinsurance held using assumptions that
                                       are consistent with those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance
                                       contracts, with an adjustment for any risk of non-performance by the reinsurer.
                                       Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discount rates derived from a reference portfolio
                                       or stochastic modelling at the end of the reporting period. Lifeco’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that
                                       market participants would consider and make maximum use of observable market data.
                                       The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined in Part B of this MD&A, including Lifeco’s assumptions
                                       and sensitivity disclosures.

                                       PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain funded defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors,
                                       unfunded supplementary employee retirement plans (SERP) for eligible employees, and unfunded post-employment health,
                                       dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their dependants. The Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.
                                       The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average earnings. Expenses for
                                       defined benefit plans are actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method prorated on service, based upon
                                       management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ assumptions about discount rates, compensation increases,
                                       retirement ages of employees, mortality and expected health care costs. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ accrued benefit
                                       asset (liability) in respect to defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by discounting the amount of the
                                       benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in current and prior periods and deducting the fair value of any
                                       plan assets.
                                         The Corporation and its subsidiaries determine the net interest component of the pension expense for the period by
                                           applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the
                                           net accrued benefit asset (liability), where the discount rate is determined by reference to market yields on high-quality
                                           corporate bonds.
                                         If the plan benefits are changed, or a plan is curtailed, any past service costs or curtailment gains or losses are recognized
                                           immediately in net earnings.
                                         Net interest costs, administration expenses, current service costs, past service costs, plan amendments and curtailment
                                           and settlement gains or losses are recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.
                                         Remeasurements represent actuarial gains and losses, the actual return on plan assets greater (less) than interest income,
                                           and increases and decreases in the asset ceiling. Remeasurements are recognized immediately through other
                                           comprehensive income and are not subsequently reclassified to net earnings.
                                         The accrued benefit asset (liability) represents the plan surplus (deficit) and is included in other assets (other liabilities).
                                         Contributions to the defined contribution plans are expensed as incurred.




                                           A  80                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


INCOME TAXES

Current income tax




                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Current income tax is based on taxable income for the year. Current tax liabilities (assets) for the current and prior periods are
measured at the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) the taxation authorities using the rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in each respective jurisdiction. Current tax assets and current tax
liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to offset the recognized amounts and the entity intends either to settle
on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
A provision for tax treatment uncertainties which meet the probable threshold for recognition is measured using either the
most likely amount or the expected value, depending upon which method provides the better prediction of the resolution of
the uncertainty. The provision for tax uncertainties will be classified as current or deferred based on how a disallowance of
the underlying uncertain tax treatment would impact the tax provision accrual as of the balance sheet date.

Deferred income tax
Deferred income tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences arising between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of taxable income
and on unused tax attributes, and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are
generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is
probable that future taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences and unused tax attributes
can be utilized.
Recognition of deferred tax assets is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax
planning opportunities available to allow the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods
may adversely impact the assessment of the recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in
establishing the deferred tax assets. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial planning process provides a basis for the
measurement of deferred tax assets.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the
liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to net current tax assets against
current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
longer probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized.
Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognized to the extent that it has
become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, jointly
controlled corporations and associates, except where the group controls the timing of the reversal of the temporary
differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
The Corporation applied the mandatory exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes whereby it is not recognizing and disclosing
information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.


CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates, effective
January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s financial statements.




/s/ Siim A. Vanaselja                        /s/ R. Jeffrey Orr




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                   A  81
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries actively monitor changes in IFRS, both proposed and released, by the IASB and analyze




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they become effective. See
                                       Note 2 to the 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information:
                                        Standard                    Summary of future changes
                                        IFRS 18 –                   In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18). The
                                        Presentation and            standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their financial statements, with a
                                        Disclosure in Financial     focus on information about financial performance in the statements of earnings.
                                        Statements                  IFRS 18 will require corporations to:
                                                                       Provide defined subtotals in the statements of earnings;
                                                                       Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the statements of
                                                                         earnings; and
                                                                       Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and whether to provide
                                                                         it in the primary financial statements or notes.
                                                                    The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier
                                                                    application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.
                                        IFRS 9 –                    In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7, Financial
                                        Financial Instruments       Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with environmental,
                                        and                         social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic
                                        IFRS 7 –                    payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
                                        Financial Instruments:      These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026. The
                                        Disclosures                 Corporation does not anticipate an impact on its financial statements as a result of these amendments,
                                                                    except as indicated below:
                                                                       The Corporation will apply the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or part
                                                                         of a financial liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before the
                                                                         settlement date if specified criteria are met. The Corporation will apply this election to all settlements
                                                                         made through electronic payment systems meeting the criteria, effective January 1, 2026.
                                                                       For cash settlement of financial liabilities not qualified for the election, the Corporation will derecognize
                                                                         the associated liabilities on the settlement date. The Corporation expects the adoption of these
                                                                         amendments will not have a material impact on the financial statements.
                                                                    These amendments will be applied retrospectively with no restatement to comparative balances.


                                       TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                       Power Corporation has a Related Party and Conduct Review Committee composed entirely of Directors who are independent
                                       of management and independent of the Corporation’s controlling shareholder. The mandate of this committee is to review
                                       proposed transactions with related parties of the Corporation, including its controlling shareholder, and to approve only those
                                       transactions that it deems appropriate and that are done at market terms and conditions.
                                       In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions which include capital
                                       commitments to investment funds, including commitments from management, performance and base management fees paid
                                       to subsidiaries of the group, employee ownership participations and loans to subsidiaries and employees. The alternative asset
                                       investment platforms also provide management of debt instruments, sub-advisory and property management services to other
                                       subsidiaries within the group. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related
                                       party and conduct review committee.
                                       In the normal course of business, Canada Life and other Lifeco subsidiaries enter into various transactions with related companies
                                       which include providing group insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power Corporation
                                       group of companies. Such transactions are at market terms and conditions. These transactions are reviewed by the appropriate
                                       related party and conduct review committee.
                                       Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
                                       pension and other post-employment benefits for its employees, employees of its subsidiaries, and employees of Power
                                       Corporation and Power Financial. These transactions are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate
                                       related party and conduct review committee.
                                       IGM enters into transactions with subsidiaries of Lifeco. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and include
                                       i) providing certain administrative services; ii) distributing insurance products; and iii) sub-advisory services. These transactions
                                       are at market terms and conditions and are reviewed by the appropriate related party and conduct review committee.
                                       On March 31, 2025, GBL Capital acquired a minority interest in SHMI. This transaction was at market terms and conditions and
                                       was reviewed and approved by a committee of independent directors appointed by GBL’s board of directors. Refer to the section
                                       “2025 Significant Developments and Transactions”.
                                       In the second quarter of 2025, wind projects which had been developed by Potentia were sold to PSEIP in exchange for
                                       consideration in cash. Refer to the section “Sagard and Power Sustainable”.



                                           A  82                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


On September 3, 2025, the TSX approved an amendment that permitted Lifeco to purchase its shares from Power Financial and
certain of Power Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries in connection with its 2025 NCIB, in order for Power Financial to maintain
its approximate proportionate percentage ownership in Lifeco. During 2025, Lifeco repurchased and subsequently cancelled




                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
12.8 million common shares held by Power Financial under the 2025 NCIB for proceeds of $768 million. Commencing on
January 6, 2026, Lifeco is permitted to repurchase its shares from Power Financial under its renewed NCIB. Refer to the section
“2025 Significant Developments and Transactions” for additional information.
See Note 32 to the Corporation’s 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Based on their evaluations at December 31, 2025, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at December 31, 2025.

INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and that the preparation of financial statements for external purposes is in accordance with IFRS, as issued
by the IASB. The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer,
is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal control systems have
inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
As a management and holding company, the Corporation’s business activities are carried out through its investments in
businesses, each of which has its own management team. Accordingly, the Corporation’s management relies on the certifications
filed by management of Lifeco and IGM pursuant to National Instrument 52-109 – Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual
and Interim Filings, as well as a sub-certification process by management at its other significant subsidiaries and investees in
order to make determinations regarding the Corporation’s disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting.
The Corporation’s management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, has
evaluated the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2025, based on the
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (COSO 2013 Framework) published by The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting was effective at December 31, 2025.
There have been no changes in the Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting during the three-month period ended
December 31, 2025 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Corporation’s internal control
over financial reporting.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                  A  83
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       POWER FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                                       Power Financial relies on certain of the continuous disclosure documents filed by Power Corporation of Canada pursuant to




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       an exemption from the requirements of National Instrument 51-102 – Continuous Disclosure Obligations and as provided in
                                       the decision of the Autorité des marchés financiers and the Ontario Securities Commission, dated September 10, 2024,
                                       regarding Power Financial and Power Corporation (the Decision). The following disclosure is provided further to the
                                       requirements of the Decision:
                                                                                                                                           Corporate              Effect of                 Total             Total
                                       At December 31, 2025                                                   Lifeco             IGM       and other 1       consolidation        Power Financial Power Corporation

                                       Total assets                                                       862,828           22,402           56,407              (26,127)                915,510               925,735
                                       Total liabilities                                                  829,825           13,364           29,031                  (545)               871,675               880,687
                                       1 Includes Power Financial’s investment activities including its investment in Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II and Wealthsimple.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate              Effect of                  Power                Power
                                       For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025                     Lifeco           IGM        and other 1       consolidation                Financial          Corporation



                                       Cash flows from operations                                                                                                                          4,773                  4,780




                                       Further to the Decision, the earnings coverage ratios set forth below have been prepared in accordance with Item 6.1 of
                                       Form 44-101F1 – Short Form Prospectus:
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Net earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                           attributable to
                                                                                                                                           Corporate             Effect of       Net earnings of          shareholders of
                                       For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2025                     Lifeco          IGM        and other 1       consolidation        Power Financial          Power Financial
                                                                                                         1
                                       Earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt))                                                                                                  6.7                    4.9
                                       Earnings coverage ratio (debt) 2                                                                                                                     11.2                     8.1
                                       1 The earnings coverage ratio (preferred shares (and debt)) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve
                                         months ended December 31, 2025, divided by the aggregate dividend and financing charge requirements for this period. Power Financial’s annualized dividend
                                         requirements on all of its preferred shares, including those of subsidiaries, have been adjusted to a pre-tax equivalent using an effective income tax rate of 16.4% for the
                                         twelve months ended December 31, 2025.
                                       2 The earnings coverage ratio (debt) is calculated based on net earnings of Power Financial before financing charges and income taxes for the twelve months ended
                                         December 31, 2025, divided by the aggregate financing charge requirements for this period.



                                       OTHER SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION OF POWER FINANCIAL
                                       First Preferred Shares Issued and Outstanding
                                                                                                                                                    December 31, 2025                                 December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                             Number                 Share                   Number                 Share
                                                                                                                                            of shares              capital                 of shares              capital
                                                                                                                                                                         $                                              $
                                       First Preferred Shares (perpetual)
                                       Series A [i]                                                                                     4,000,000                   100                  4,000,000                  100
                                       Series D [ii]                                                                                    6,000,000                   150                  6,000,000                  150
                                       Series E [ii]                                                                                    8,000,000                   200                  8,000,000                  200
                                       Series F [ii]                                                                                    6,000,000                   150                  6,000,000                  150
                                       Series H [ii]                                                                                    6,000,000                   150                  6,000,000                  150
                                       Series K [ii]                                                                                   10,000,000                   250                 10,000,000                  250
                                       Series L [ii]                                                                                    8,000,000                   200                  8,000,000                  200
                                       Series O [ii]                                                                                    6,000,000                   150                  6,000,000                  150
                                       Series P [ii]                                                                                    9,657,516                   241                  9,657,516                  241
                                       Series Q [ii]                                                                                    1,542,484                     39                 1,542,484                   39
                                       Series R [ii]                                                                                   10,000,000                   250                 10,000,000                  250
                                       Series S [ii]                                                                                   12,000,000                   300                 12,000,000                  300
                                       Series T [ii]                                                                                    8,000,000                   200                  8,000,000                  200
                                       Series V [ii]                                                                                   10,000,000                   250                 10,000,000                  250
                                       Series 23 [ii]                                                                                   8,000,000                   200                  8,000,000                  200
                                                                                                                                                                   2,830                                          2,830




                                             A  84                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


F IRS T PR EF ERR ED S HARES
[i] The Series A First Preferred Shares are entitled to a quarterly cumulative dividend, at a floating rate equal to one quarter of
70% of the average prime rate quoted by two major Canadian chartered banks and are redeemable, at Power Financial’s




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
option, at $25.00 per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends to the date fixed for redemption.
[ii] The following First Preferred Shares series are entitled to fixed non-cumulative preferential cash dividends payable
quarterly. Power Financial may redeem for cash the First Preferred Shares in whole or in part, at Power Financial’s option, with
all declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The dividends and redemption terms are as
follows:
                                                                                      Cash dividends            Earliest issuer                                 Redemption
First Preferred Shares                                                              payable quarterly           redemption date                                      price

                                                                                            ($/share)                                                               ($/share)
Non-cumulative, fixed rate
  Series D,   5.50%                                                                      0.343750               Currently redeemable                                  25.00
  Series E,   5.25%                                                                      0.328125               Currently redeemable                                  25.00
  Series F,   5.90%                                                                      0.368750               Currently redeemable                                  25.00
  Series H,   5.75%                                                                      0.359375               Currently redeemable                                  25.00
  Series K,   4.95%                                                                      0.309375               Currently redeemable                                  25.00
  Series L,   5.10%                                                                      0.318750               Currently redeemable                                  25.00
  Series O,   5.80%                                                                      0.362500               Currently redeemable                                  25.00
  Series R,   5.50%                                                                      0.343750               Currently redeemable                                  25.00
  Series S,   4.80%                                                                      0.300000               Currently redeemable                                  25.00
  Series V,   5.15%                                                                      0.321875               Currently redeemable                                  25.25
  Series 23,  4.50%                                                                      0.281250               January 31, 2027                                      26.00
Non-cumulative, 5-year rate reset 1
  Series P,   1.998% 2                                                                   0.124875               January 31, 2026                                      25.00
  Series T,   5.595%                                                                     0.349688               January 31, 2029                                      25.00
Non-cumulative, variable rate
  Series Q,   3-month Government of Canada
                 Treasury Bill + 1.60% 2                                                   Variable             Currently redeemable                                  25.50
1 The dividend rate will reset on the earliest issuer redemption date and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the 5-year Government of Canada bond yield plus a
  reset spread (1.60% for Series P and 2.37% for Series T). The holders have the option to convert their shares into non-cumulative floating rate First Preferred Shares subject
  to certain conditions on the earliest redemption date and every fifth year thereafter at a rate equal to the 3-month Government of Canada Treasury Bill rate plus the reset
  spread indicated.
2 Pursuant to the terms of the Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares, Series P (Series P shares) and the Non-Cumulative Floating Rate First Preferred
  Shares, Series Q (Series Q shares), on February 2, 2026, subsequent to year-end, all of the outstanding 1,542,484 Series Q shares were converted, on a one-for-one basis,
  into Series P shares. The dividend rate for the Series P shares was reset to an annual fixed rate of 4.591% or $0.286938 per share cash dividend payable quarterly.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                 A  85
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       DEFINITIONS
                                       This MD&A presents and discusses financial measures which are not in accordance with IFRS. Management uses these
                                       financial measures in its presentation and analysis of the financial performance of Power Corporation, and believes that they
                                       provide additional meaningful information to readers in their analysis of the results of the Corporation. See also “Statement
                                       Regarding Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Measures”. The non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios used in
                                       this MD&A are defined as follows:
                                       Non-IFRS financial measure     Definition                                                                     Purpose
                                       Adjusted net earnings          Net earnings from continuing operations 1 excluding Adjustments.               Assists in the comparison of the current period’s
                                         from continuing                                                                                             underlying operating performance to that of previous
                                         operations 1                                                                                                periods as it reflects management’s view of the
                                                                                                                                                     operating performance of the Corporation and its
                                                                                                                                                     subsidiaries, excluding items that are not considered to
                                                                                                                                                     be part of the underlying business results.
                                                                                                                                                     As a holding company, management reviews and
                                                                                                                                                     assesses the performance of each operating company’s
                                                                                                                                                     contribution to net earnings and adjusted net earnings.
                                         Adjustments                  After-tax impact of any item that in management’s judgment, including          Identifies items that are not considered part of
                                                                      those identified by management of Lifeco and IGM, would make the               operating performance by management, including
                                                                      period-over-period comparison of results from operations less                  items identified by management of Lifeco and IGM.
                                                                      meaningful. Adjustments include the Corporation’s share of Lifeco’s
                                                                      impact of:
                                                                         market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current
                                                                           period are different than longer-term expected returns;
                                                                         assumption changes and management actions that impact the
                                                                           measurement of assets and liabilities;
                                                                         direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus
                                                                           assets and liabilities; and
                                                                         amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                                                                      as well as items that management believes are not indicative of the
                                                                      underlying business results which include those identified by
                                                                      management of a subsidiary or a jointly controlled corporation,
                                                                      including:
                                                                         business transformation and other impacts (including restructuring
                                                                           or reorganization and integration costs, acquisition and divestiture
                                                                           costs);
                                                                         material legal settlements;
                                                                         material impairment charges;
                                                                         material impacts of the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and
                                                                           liabilities including those as a result of income tax rate changes, and
                                                                           other tax impairments;
                                                                         certain non-recurring material items, net gains, losses or costs
                                                                           related to the disposition or acquisition of a business, including
                                                                           those related to an investment in an associate or jointly controlled
                                                                           corporation;
                                                                         impacts related to remeasurements due to market changes that
                                                                           result in an accounting mismatch including the remeasurement of
                                                                           derivatives where the hedged item is not also measured at fair value
                                                                           and hedge accounting is not applied, and the revaluation of
                                                                           redemption liabilities, share warrants and conversion options on
                                                                           convertible and exchangeable debt obligations;
                                                                         the impact of the revaluation of non-controlling interests liabilities
                                                                           related to PSEIP which result from changes in fair value of assets
                                                                           held within the fund, and the share of earnings (losses) from the
                                                                           consolidated activities of PSEIP attributable to third-party investors;
                                                                           and
                                                                         other items that, when removed, assist in explaining underlying
                                                                           operating performance.
                                       1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.




                                            A  86                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Non-IFRS financial measure   Definition                                                                   Purpose
Adjusted net asset value     Adjusted net asset value represents the fair value of the participating      Presents the fair value of the participating shareholders’
                             shareholders’ equity of Power Corporation. Adjusted net asset value is       equity of the holding company and is used to assist in




                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                             calculated as the fair value of the assets of the combined Power             assessing value.
                             Corporation and Power Financial holding company less their net debt          This measure may be used by investors and analysts in
                             and preferred shares.                                                        determining or comparing the fair value of investments
                             The investments held in publicly traded entities (including Lifeco, IGM      held by the holding company or its overall fair value.
                             and GBL) are measured at their market value and investments in private
                             entities and investment funds are measured at management’s estimate
                             of fair value.
                             The definition of adjusted net asset value involves a number of
                             assumptions, judgments and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate,
                             and the adjusted net asset value per share is not a representation or
                             guarantee of the value a participating shareholder will be able to
                             realize.
Consolidated assets under    Consolidated assets under management and advisement includes                 Consolidated assets under management and
  management and             assets managed on behalf of clients which are beneficially owned by          advisement and Consolidated assets and assets under
  advisement, and            clients including:                                                           administration provide an indicator of the size and
Consolidated assets and          Internally and externally managed funds, including proprietary          volume of the Corporation’s consolidated businesses,
  assets under                     mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and institutional assets,          including the publicly traded operating companies and
  administration                   where the Corporation’s publicly traded operating companies            alternative asset investment platforms.
                                   and alternative asset investment platforms have oversight of the       Consolidated assets and assets under administration
                                   investment policies; and                                               includes assets in which the Corporation’s consolidated
                                The fair value of assets managed on behalf of the clients by asset       publicly traded operating companies and investment
                                  managers controlled within the investment platforms, including          management services businesses only provide
                                  assets managed through a separately managed account.                    administration services, which are an important aspect
                                                                                                          of the overall business and should be considered when
                             Services provided in respect of assets under management and                  comparing volumes, size and trends.
                             advisement include the selection of investments, the provision of
                             investment advice, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of
                             clients and/or the provision of financial advice.
                             Consolidated assets and assets under administration includes
                             consolidated assets under management and advisement, assets under
                             administration only, and other assets on the balance sheet. Assets under
                             administration only includes assets where the Corporation’s
                             consolidated publicly traded operating companies and investment
                             management services businesses only provide administration services
                             for which they earn fees and other income. These assets are beneficially
                             owned by the clients and the Corporation’s operating subsidiaries do
                             not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets
                             under administration only include record keeping, safekeeping,
                             collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other
                             administrative services.
                             Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets,
                             reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other assets,
                             as well as the portion of investments (including investments in jointly
                             controlled corporations and associates) and investments on account of
                             segregated fund policyholders not included within consolidated assets
                             under management and advisement.
Fee-related earnings         Fee-related earnings is presented for Sagard and Power Sustainable           This measure is presented for the alternative asset
(of alternative asset        and includes management fees and fee-related performance revenues            investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable,
investment platforms)        earned across all asset classes, less investment platform expenses which     and is used to assess the profitability from their asset
                             include i) fee-related compensation including salary, bonus, and             management activities. This financial measure provides
                             benefits, and ii) operating expenses. Fee-related performance revenues       insight as to whether recurring revenues from
                             represents the realized portion of performance revenues from                 management fees and fee-related performance
                             perpetual capital vehicles that are i) measured and expected to be           revenues, which are not based on future realization
                             received on a recurring basis, ii) not dependent on realization events       events, are sufficient to cover associated operating
                             from underlying investments, and iii) not subject to clawback. Fee-          expenses.
                             related earnings is presented on a gross pre-tax basis, including non-
                             controlling interests.
                             Fee-related earnings excludes i) share-based compensation expenses,
                             ii) amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangible assets,
                             iii) foreign exchange-related gains and losses, iv) net interest, and
                             v) other items that in management’s judgment are not indicative of
                             underlying operating performance of the alternative asset investment
                             platforms, which include restructuring costs, transaction and integration
                             costs related to business acquisitions and certain non-recurring material
                             items.




                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             A  87
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Non-IFRS ratio                Definition                                                                     Purpose
                                       Adjusted net earnings         Earnings per share calculated using adjusted net earnings from                 Assists in comparing adjusted net earnings from
                                         from continuing             continuing operations.                                                         continuing operations on a per share basis; refer to




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         operations per share        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations divided by the                “Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations”
                                                                     weighted average number of participating shares outstanding.                   definition above.

                                       Adjusted net asset value      Adjusted net asset value calculated on a per share basis.                      Assists the reader in comparing the adjusted net asset
                                         per share                   Adjusted net asset value divided by the number of participating shares         value on a per share basis; refer to “Adjusted net asset
                                                                     outstanding at the end of the reporting period.                                value” definition above.


                                       These non-IFRS financial measures do not have a standard meaning and may not be comparable to similar measures used by
                                       other entities.

                                       RECONCILIATIONS OF IFRS AND NON-IFRS FINANCIAL MEASURES
                                       Adjusted Net Earnings
                                       The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings, a non-IFRS financial measure, to net earnings reported
                                       in accordance with IFRS. Adjusted net earnings is presented in the section “Contribution to Net Earnings and Adjusted Net
                                       Earnings”:
                                                                                                                                                     Three months ended                       Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                    December 31,       September 30,         December 31,             December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                          2025                2025                 2024                     2025           2024

                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations –
                                        Non-IFRS financial measure 1                                                         867                  863                  829                 3,400           2,971
                                       Share of Adjustments 2, net of tax
                                          Lifeco                                                                            (174)                  (57)                 (14)                 (517)          (149)
                                          IGM                                                                                    13                  (1)                 19                   18               14
                                          GBL                                                                               (180)                  (67)                   −                  (225)           (44)
                                          Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                      (118)                  (35)                 (12)                 (116)           (26)
                                          Standalone businesses                                                                  −                   −                 111                    12               26
                                                                                                                            (459)                (160)                 104                   (828)          (179)
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations –
                                        IFRS financial measure 1                                                             408                  703                  933                 2,572           2,792
                                       Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations – Putnam                                 −                   −                    −                     −            (49)
                                                                                    1
                                       Net earnings – IFRS financial measure                                                 408                  703                  933                 2,572           2,743
                                       1 Attributable to participating shareholders of Power Corporation.
                                       2 Refer to the section “Adjustments” for more details on Adjustments from Lifeco, IGM, GBL, Sagard and Power Sustainable and the Standalone businesses.




                                            A  88                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings)
The following table presents the Corporation’s share of Adjustments on a pre- and post-tax basis:




                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                   Three months ended           Twelve months ended
                                                                             December 31, September 30,   December 31,   December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                   2025          2025           2024           2025           2024
Lifeco 1
   Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                              (58)           33            40            (182)            195
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   16             (5)           (14)           34              (49)
   Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                               (20)          (17)           14             (69)          (144)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     1             −             (3)             9             42
   Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax) 2                             (61)          (48)           (23)          (242)            (97)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   12              9              3            64              21
   Amortization of acquisition-related finite life
     intangible assets (pre-tax)                                                     (34)          (33)           (35)          (136)          (136)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     9             7              9            34              35
   Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                      −              7            10             15              10
                                                                                   (135)           (47)             1           (473)          (123)
  Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) 3                                                (39)          (10)           (19)           (44)            (30)
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     −              −              4              −               4
                                                                                   (174)           (57)           (14)          (517)          (149)
IGM 1
  Gain on partial sales of investment in associates (pre-tax)                        28              −              −            28               −
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   (12)            −              −            (12)             −
  Tax loss consolidation                                                              −              −              3              −               3
  Rockefeller debt refinancing (pre-tax)                                              −              −              −              −              (2)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    −              −              −              −              −
  Share of Lifeco adjustments (pre-tax)                                               (3)           (2)             −            (11)             (4)
      Income tax (expense) benefit                                                    −              −              −              −              −
                                                                                     13             (2)             3              5              (3)
  Effect of consolidation (pre-tax) 3                                                 −              1              −            15               −
     Income tax (expense) benefit                                                     −              −            16              (2)            17
                                                                                     13             (1)           19             18              14
GBL
  Imerys impairment and other charges and
    currency translation reclassification (pre-tax and post-tax)                   (155)             −              −           (155)            (44)
  Loss on partial divestment of GBL Capital portfolio and
    Sienna Investment Managers (pre-tax and post-tax)                                (25)          (67)             −            (92)             −
  Affidea's gain on debt modification (pre-tax and post-tax)                          −              −              −            22               −
                                                                                   (180)           (67)             −           (225)            (44)
Publicly traded operating companies                                                (341)          (125)             5           (724)          (179)




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A  89
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Adjustments (excluded from Adjusted net earnings) (continued)
                                                                                                                                                            Three months ended                 Twelve months ended




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                               December 31, September 30,           December 31,        December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                     2025          2025                   2024                2025           2024
                                       Sagard and Power Sustainable
                                         Remeasurement of deferred tax assets                                                              −                  −                 16                −            16
                                         Currency translation reclassification on Power Sustainable China (pre-tax)                        −                  −                  −                −            54
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                   −                  −                  −                −              −
                                         Revaluation of NCI liabilities and other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                      (116)               (36)               (24)            (128)           (80)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                   (2)                1                 (4)             12              (2)
                                         Restructuring charges (pre-tax)                                                                   −                  −                  −                −            (14)
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                   −                  −                  −                −              −
                                                                                                                                        (118)               (35)               (12)            (116)           (26)
                                       Standalone businesses
                                          Gain on disposal of Peak and affiliated business (pre-tax)                                       −                  −               279                 −           325
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                  −                  −                  −                −              −
                                          Lion impairment and other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                       −                  −                (81)               −           (130)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                  −                  −                  −                −              8
                                          LMPG impairment and other market-related impacts (pre-tax)                                       −                  −                (87)               −           (177)
                                             Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                  −                  −                  −                −              −
                                          LMPG remeasurement of deferred tax liabilities                                                   −                  −                  −              12               −
                                                                                                                                           −                  −               111               12             26
                                                                                                                                        (459)             (160)               104              (828)          (179)
                                       1 As reported by Lifeco and IGM.
                                       2 Business transformation and other impacts include acquisition and divestiture costs as well as restructuring and integration costs.
                                       3 The Effect of consolidation reflects i) the elimination of intercompany transactions; and ii) the application of the Corporation’s accounting method for investments under
                                         common ownership to the Adjustments reported by Lifeco and IGM, including a realized gain recognized by IGM in the second quarter of 2025 on the sale of a portion
                                         of its interest in Conquest, a corporate investment classified by IGM as FVOCI.




                                             A  90                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


Adjusted Net Asset Value
The following table presents a reconciliation of the participating shareholders’ equity reported in accordance with IFRS to the




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adjusted net asset value, a non-IFRS financial measure. Adjusted net asset value is presented in the section “Adjusted Net
Asset Value”:
                                                                                                    December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                          2025           2024

Participating shareholders’ equity – IFRS financial measure
    Share capital – participating shares                                                                 9,159          9,236
    Retained earnings                                                                                   11,674         11,364
    Reserves                                                                                             2,249          2,330
                                                                                                        23,082         22,930
Fair value adjustments 1
    Lifeco                                                                                              24,910         13,184
    IGM                                                                                                  4,807          2,698
    GBL                                                                                                    (600)        (1,521)
    Sagard and Power Sustainable                                                                         2,324          1,687
    Standalone businesses                                                                                     3              (4)
                                                                                                        31,444         16,044
Adjusted net asset value – Non-IFRS financial measure                                                   54,526         38,974

Per share 2
Participating shareholders’ equity (book value)                                                          36.31          35.56
Adjusted net asset value                                                                                 85.77          60.44
1 Refer to the section “Adjusted Net Asset Value” for more details on the fair value adjustments.
2 Attributable to participating shareholders.


Consolidated Assets Under Management and Advisement, and Consolidated Assets and Assets Under Administration
                                                                                                    December 31,   December 31,
(in billions of dollars)                                                                                  2025           2024

Total consolidated assets under management and advisement                                                1,433          1,259
Assets under administration only                                                                         2,267          2,073
                                                                                                         3,700          3,332
Other assets on balance sheets                                                                             271            267
Total consolidated assets and assets under administration                                                3,971          3,599

    of which: total balance sheet assets                                                                   926            851




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                     A  91
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Fee-related earnings (of alternative asset investment platforms)
                                       The following table presents the reconciliation of the net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of Power




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Corporation in accordance with IFRS to the fee-related earnings of the alternative asset investment platforms, a non-IFRS
                                       financial measure. Fee-related earnings is presented in the section “Asset Management Activities” of the section “Sagard and
                                       Power Sustainable”.
                                                                                                                                                          Three months ended                       Twelve months ended
                                                                                                                       December 31,          September 30,        December 31,             December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                             2025                   2025                2024                     2025           2024

                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of
                                        Power Corporation – IFRS financial measure                                              408                    703                  933                 2,572          2,743
                                       Excluding:
                                          Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco                                             (649)                   (765)               (735)                (2,621)        (2,613)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from IGM                                                (191)                   (168)               (180)                  (658)          (582)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from GBL                                                 195                      78                  (18)                 263             (31)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from Lifeco, IGM and GBL                                (645)                   (855)               (933)                (3,016)        (3,226)
                                          Contribution to net earnings from the holding company                                 119                      88                   84                  431            348
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Alternative Asset
                                        Investment Platforms and Other                                                         (118)                    (64)                  84                   (13)         (135)
                                       Excluding:
                                          Investing activities                                                                  116                      52                   12                   (12)           23
                                          Standalone businesses                                                                      5                     2               (106)                     2            38
                                       Contribution to net earnings from Asset
                                        Management Activities                                                                        3                  (10)                 (10)                  (23)           (74)
                                       Adjustments:
                                       Sagard
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                  (3)                  (2)                   2                   (1)           19
                                          Loss (earnings) from private wealth platform and other
                                           asset management activities                                                               −                    (1)                   1                   (1)             2
                                          Net carried interest                                                                   (10)                   (45)                   (6)                 (89)           (41)
                                          Share-based compensation                                                                   1                     −                    1                    8              7
                                          Amortization of intangibles                                                                4                     5                    1                  12               5
                                          Acquisition-related costs 1                                                                5                     8                   −                   19               4
                                          Change in fair value of NCI liabilities                                                    (3)                 22                     3                  17               2
                                          Income taxes and other                                                                 (12)                      7                    4                   (4)            (4)
                                       Power Sustainable
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                  (4)                  (1)                  (2)                  (8)            (7)
                                          Loss (earnings) from development and asset management
                                           activities provided by Potentia and Nautilus on
                                           behalf of PSEIP                                                                           9                     5                   (2)                 15             11
                                          Net carried interest                                                                   (12)                     (1)                   1                   (6)           15
                                          Share-based compensation                                                                   1                     2                   −                     5              −
                                          Acquisition-related costs                                                                  −                     −                   −                     −              8
                                          Restructuring charges                                                                      −                     −                   −                     −            14
                                          Other                                                                                      1                    (1)                  (1)                   −             (1)
                                                                                                                                 (23)                     (2)                   2                  (33)           34
                                       Fee-related earnings (loss) – Non-IFRS financial measure                                  (20)                   (12)                  (8)                  (56)           (40)

                                       Sagard                                                                                        (9)                  (5)                   5                  (25)            (1)
                                       Power Sustainable                                                                         (11)                     (7)                (13)                  (31)           (39)
                                       1 Includes transaction costs and changes in fair value related to contingent consideration.




                                             A  92                                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


OTHER MEASURES

This MD&A also includes other measures, which include:




                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Term                                 Definition
Assets under management and          Operating asset management and investment management services businesses within the Power
 administration                      group, including IGM, alternative asset managers and Wealthsimple, present the total value of assets
                                     managed or administered which are beneficially owned by clients and are not recognized in the
                                     consolidated financial statements. The composition of the assets under management and
                                     administration is relative to the activities of the asset managers and are further defined as follows:
  Assets under management            AUM&A represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM’s core businesses IG Wealth Management
   and advisement (AUM&A)            and Mackenzie Investments. In IGM’s Wealth Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA.
   of IGM                            Assets under management are client assets where IGM provides investment management services,
                                     and include investment funds where IGM is the fund manager, investment advisory mandates to
                                     institutions, and other client accounts where IGM has discretionary portfolio management
                                     responsibilities.
                                     Assets under advisement represents savings and investment products held within the client accounts
                                     of IGM’s Wealth Management segment’s core business.
  Assets under management            AUM&A including SI represents IGM’s AUM&A including its proportionate share of the AUM&A of
   and advisement including          strategic investments, based on IGM’s interest in the strategic investments. The strategic investments
   strategic investments             included are those whose activities are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
   (AUM&A including SI) of IGM       interests in ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include
                                     assets under management and advisement as well as assets held for investment purposes and only
                                     receiving administrative services.
  Assets under management of         Assets under management of investment platforms include:
   alternative asset investment         Net asset value of the investment funds and co-investment vehicles managed, including unfunded
   platforms                                commitments and permanent leverage;
                                        Gross asset value of investment funds managed within the real estate platform; and
                                        Fair value of assets managed on behalf of the Corporation and clients by asset managers controlled
                                            within the investment platforms, including assets managed through a separately managed account.
 Assets under administration of      Assets under administration includes the total value of assets held on behalf of clients and includes
  Wealthsimple                       client assets in which investment management services are provided.
Book value per                       Represents Power Corporation’s participating shareholders’ equity divided by the number of
 participating share                 participating shares outstanding at the end of the reporting period.

Capital commitments                  Represents the total amount of capital that a limited partner investor has contractually agreed to
                                     contribute to an investment fund over the life of the fund. A commitment to an investment fund is a
                                     legally binding obligation and represents the maximum capital the fund manager can call from the
                                     investor over the investment period.

Carried interest                     Carried interest is earned through a contractual arrangement between alternative asset managers and
                                     the funds managed in which the asset manager earns a fixed percentage of investment returns over a
                                     predetermined hurdle return.
Fee-bearing capital                  Fee-bearing capital includes:
                                        Total capital commitments of venture capital, private equity, and certain private credit funds during
                                            the investment period;
                                        Net invested capital of private credit funds, funds which have completed their investment period,
                                            separately managed accounts within the credit platforms and certain co-investment vehicles;
                                        Net asset value of Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure including direct investments in energy
                                            assets, and funds within the real estate platform; and
                                        Invested capital or gross asset value of assets managed through separately managed accounts
                                            within the real estate platform.
Market capitalization                Represents the aggregate market value of a company. Market capitalization is determined at a point
                                     in time and represents the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the closing share price.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           A  93
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       Term                               Definition
                                       Net asset value                    On a quarterly basis, GBL reports its net asset value as it represents an important criterion used in
                                        reported by GBL                   assessing its performance. GBL's net asset value represents the fair value of its investment portfolio, its




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                          gross cash, the present value of its Concentrix note and its treasury shares, less its gross debt.
                                                                             GBL’s investments held in listed entities and treasury shares are measured at their market value,
                                                                                the present value of the Concentrix note is calculated at the market rate taking into account
                                                                                Concentrix’s credit quality, investments in private entities are measured using the
                                                                                recommendations of the International Private Equity and Venture Capital Valuation Guidelines,
                                                                                and recent investments are valued at their acquisition cost, which represents GBL management’s
                                                                                best estimate.
                                                                             GBL Capital’s portfolio of investments is measured by adding all investments at fair value
                                                                                provided by the fund managers with GBL Capital’s net cash, less its net debt.
                                                                             Sienna Investment Managers’ assets are valued at the fair value of the acquired management
                                                                                companies.
                                                                          For more information on GBL's net asset value and valuation principles, refer to its website
                                                                          (www.gbl.com).
                                       Net asset value of                 Net asset value of investment funds represents the fair value of the investments held within the fund,
                                        investment funds                  net of any liabilities.

                                       Net carried interest               Represents carried interest earned, net of direct employee costs which are usually recognized over
                                                                          the vesting period.

                                       Unfunded commitments               Represents the capital that has been committed by limited partners, but not called by the fund. In
                                                                          some cases, unfunded commitments include distributions for funds currently in the investment
                                                                          period, which are recallable by the fund.
                                       Weighted average                   Represents the weighted average management fee rate charged on the fee-bearing capital across all
                                        management fee rate               asset classes during the period.
                                                                          Management fees earned during the period are divided by the average fee-bearing capital of funds,
                                                                          co-investment vehicles and separately managed accounts during such period. Management fees
                                                                          include retroactive management fees earned during the period related to the timing of subsequent
                                                                          fundraising closes.




                                              A  94                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


ABBREVIATIONS

The following abbreviations are used throughout this report:




                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
adidas                       adidas AG                                            PVC III                            Performance Venture Capital III, LP
Adjusted net earnings        Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations     PVC IV                             Performance Venture Capital IV, LP
Affidea                      Affidea Group B.V.                                   PVC V                              Performance Venture Capital V, LP
Alternative asset            Alternative Asset Investment Platforms               PVC VI                             Performance Venture Capital VI, LP
  investment platforms or                                                         PVC SOF                            Performance Venture Capital Special
  Investment platforms                                                                                                 Opportunities Fund I, LP
BEX                          BEX Capital SAS                                      Pernod Ricard                      Pernod Ricard SA
BEX II                       BEX Fund II S.L.P.                                   Portage Capital Solutions          Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP
BEX III                      BEX Fund III S.L.P.                                  Portage Ventures I                 Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
BEX IV                       BEX Fund IV S.L.P.                                   Portage Ventures II                Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
BEX V                        BEX Fund V S.L.P.                                    Portage Ventures III               Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                    Portage Ventures IV                Portage Ventures IV Limited Partnership
Canyon                       Canyon Bicycles GmbH                                 Portage Ventures Funds             Portage Ventures I, Portage Ventures II,
ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                                          Portage Ventures III and Portage Ventures IV
Concentrix                   Concentrix Corporation                               Potentia or Potentia Renewables    Potentia Renewables Inc.
Conquest                     Conquest Planning Inc.                               Power Financial                    Power Financial Corporation
Diagram                      Diagram Corporation                                  Power group                        The Corporation and the subsidiaries and
Diagram ClimateTech          Diagram ClimateTech Fund LP                                                               affiliated companies of the Corporation
Diagram Funds                Diagram Ventures I, Diagram Ventures II,             Power Sustainable                  Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
                               Diagram Ventures III, Diagram ClimateTech,         Power Sustainable Decarb PE        Power Sustainable Decarbonization Private Equity
                               Diagram Opportunity                                Power Sustainable Energy or        Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Inc.
Diagram Opportunity          Diagram Opportunity Fund I LP                          Power Sustainable Energy
Diagram Ventures I           Diagram Ventures LP                                    Infrastructure
Diagram Ventures II          Diagram Ventures II LP                               Power Sustainable                  Power Sustainable Infrastructure
Diagram Ventures III         Diagram Ventures III LP                                Infrastructure Credit              Credit Manager, LP
EBR                          Euronext Brussels                                    Power Sustainable Lios             Power Sustainable Lios Inc.
Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America         Power Sustainable Manager or PSM   Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
EPA                          Euronext Paris                                       Prudential                         Prudential Financial, Inc.
EverWest                     EverWest Holdings Inc.                               PSEIP                              Power Sustainable Energy
Franklin Templeton           Franklin Resources, Inc.                                                                   Infrastructure Partnership
Frère Group                  Groupe Frère / Compagnie Nationale à Portefeuille    Putnam                             Putnam U.S. Holdings I, LLC
FVOCI                        Fair value through other comprehensive income        Rockefeller                        Rockefeller Capital Management
FVPL                         Fair value through profit or loss                    Sagard                             Sagard Holdings Inc.
GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert                             Sagard CLO Equity                  Sagard CLO Equity Fund LP
GMT                          Global Minimum Tax                                   Sagard Credit Partners I           Sagard Credit Partners, LP
Grayhawk                     Grayhawk Wealth Holdings Inc.                        Sagard Credit Partners II          Sagard Credit Partners II, LP
HalseyPoint                  HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                    Sagard Credit Partners III         Sagard Credit Partners III, LP
IASB                         International Accounting Standards Board             Sagard Healthcare Partners         Sagard Healthcare Royalty Partners, LP
IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)   Sagard MidCap                      Sagard MidCap II, Sagard MidCap 3, and
                                Accounting Standards, as issued by the IASB                                            Sagard MidCap 4
IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                   Sagard MidCap II                   Sagard II-A FPCI and Sagard II-B FPCI
IG Wealth Management         IGWM Inc.                                            Sagard MidCap 3                    Sagard 3 FPCI
Imerys                       Imerys SA                                            Sagard MidCap 4                    Sagard 4A FPCI and Sagard 4 FIPS
Irish Life                   Irish Life Group Limited                             Sagard NewGen                      Sagard NewGen FPCI
Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                               Sagard NewGen 2                    Sagard NewGen 2 FPCI
Lion or Lion Electric        The Lion Electric Company                            Sagard Private Credit              Sagard Private Credit LP
LMPG                         LMPG Inc.                                            Sagard Private Equity Canada       Sagard Private Equity Canada LP
Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation                        or SPEC
    Mackenzie Investments                                                         Sagard Private Equity Strategies   Sagard Private Equity Strategies LP
Nautilus or Nautilus Solar   Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                           Sagard Senior Lending Partners     Sagard Senior Lending Partners
NCIB                         Normal Course Issuer Bid                               or SSLP                            Holdings (I and II) LP, and
Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                                              Sagard Senior Lending Partners
Ontex                        Ontex Group NV                                                                            Holdings (I-U and II-U) LP
PanAgora                     PanAgora Asset Management, Inc.                      Sanoptis                           Sanoptis AG
Pargesa                      Pargesa SA                                           SGS                                SGS SA
Parjointco                   Parjointco SA                                        SHMI                               Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
Parques Reunidos             Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A.           SIX                                Swiss Stock Exchange
Peak                         Peak Achievement Athletics Inc.                      TSARs                              Tandem Share Appreciation Rights
PDI III                      Performance Direct Investments III, LP               TSX                                Toronto Stock Exchange
PDI IV                       Performance Direct Investments IV, LP                Umicore                            Umicore, NV/SA
PDI V                        Performance Direct Investments V, LP                 Unigestion                         Unigestion Private Equity Holding SA
PEM                          Performance Equity Management, LLC                   USPF                               GWL U.S. Property Fund LP
PVC I                        Performance Venture Capital, LP                      Wealthsimple                       Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
PVC II                       Performance Venture Capital II, LP                   XETR                               XETRA Stock Exchange




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              A  95
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


                                       SELECTED ANNUAL INFORMATION
                                       For the years ended December 31                                                                                                              2025         2024             2023




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                          1
                                       Total revenues                                                                                                                           50,466        45,255          46,428
                                       Consolidated assets under management and advisement (in billions) 2                                                                       1,433         1,259            1,097
                                       Consolidated assets and assets under administration (in billions) 2                                                                       3,971         3,599            2,946
                                       Net earnings (attributable to participating shareholders)                                                                                 2,572         2,743            2,195
                                         per share – basic                                                                                                                         4.01          4.23            3.32
                                         per share – diluted                                                                                                                       3.94          4.19            3.30
                                       Net earnings from continuing operations (attributable to participating shareholders)                                                      2,572         2,792            2,282
                                         per share – basic                                                                                                                         4.01          4.31            3.45
                                       Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations (attributable to participating shareholders) 2                                           3,400         2,971            2,671
                                         per share – basic                                                                                                                         5.31          4.58            4.04
                                       Consolidated assets                                                                                                                    925,735       851,359          749,478
                                       Consolidated liabilities                                                                                                               880,687       807,373          708,213
                                         Power Corporation’s debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                  647          647              647
                                         Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments of:
                                            Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                                                                     11,354        12,031          11,608
                                            Consolidated investment funds and Other                                                                                              4,146         3,878            3,017
                                       Shareholders’ equity                                                                                                                     24,432        23,880          22,143
                                       Book value per participating share                                                                                                        36.31         35.56            32.49
                                       Adjusted net asset value per share 2                                                                                                      85.77         60.44            53.53
                                       Number of participating shares outstanding (in millions)
                                         Participating Preferred Shares                                                                                                            54.9          54.9            54.9
                                         Subordinate Voting Shares                                                                                                               580.9         589.9            597.4
                                       Dividends per share (declared)
                                          Participating shares                                                                                                                  2.4500        2.2500          2.1000
                                          First preferred shares of Power Corporation 3
                                             Series A                                                                                                                           1.4000        1.4000          1.4000
                                             Series B                                                                                                                           1.3375        1.3375          1.3375
                                             Series C                                                                                                                           1.4500        1.4500          1.4500
                                             Series D                                                                                                                           1.2500        1.2500          1.2500
                                             Series G                                                                                                                           1.4000        1.4000          1.4000
                                             Series H 4                                                                                                                         0.4529              −                −
                                          First preferred shares of Power Financial
                                             Series A 5                                                                                                                         0.8584        1.1808          1.2145
                                             Series D                                                                                                                           1.3750        1.3750          1.3750
                                             Series E                                                                                                                           1.3125        1.3125          1.3125
                                             Series F                                                                                                                           1.4750        1.4750          1.4750
                                             Series H                                                                                                                           1.4375        1.4375          1.4375
                                             Series K                                                                                                                           1.2375        1.2375          1.2375
                                             Series L                                                                                                                           1.2750        1.2750          1.2750
                                             Series O                                                                                                                           1.4500        1.4500          1.4500
                                             Series P 6                                                                                                                         0.4995        0.4995          0.4995
                                             Series Q 7                                                                                                                         1.0792        1.5709          1.5750
                                             Series R                                                                                                                           1.3750        1.3750          1.3750
                                             Series S                                                                                                                           1.2000        1.2000          1.2000
                                             Series T                                                                                                                           1.3988        1.3988          1.0538
                                             Series V                                                                                                                           1.2875        1.2875          1.2875
                                             Series 23                                                                                                                          1.1250        1.1250          1.1250
                                       1 Total revenues includes net investment income and changes in fair value through profit or loss included in the net investment result on the consolidated statements of earnings.
                                       2 Consolidated assets under management and advisement, consolidated assets and assets under administration, adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per share and
                                         adjusted net asset value per share are non-IFRS financial measures or non-IFRS ratios. In 2025, the Corporation enhanced the disclosure of the components of consolidated
                                         assets and assets under administration. The comparative periods have been restated to conform with the current presentation; the amounts presented for the period ended
                                         December 31, 2023 exclude assets under management of discontinued operations of $162 billion. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, refer to the section
                                         “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
                                       3 The Corporation issued Series I First Preferred Shares on November 20, 2025. An initial dividend of $0.5650 per share was declared on March 18, 2026.
                                       4 The Series H First Preferred Shares were issued by the Corporation on September 22, 2025. An initial dividend of $0.45291 per share was declared on November 12, 2025.
                                       5 The Series A First Preferred Shares are entitled to a quarterly cumulative dividend at a floating rate equal to one quarter of 70% of the average prime rate quoted by two major
                                         Canadian chartered banks.
                                       6 On January 31, 2026, the Series P shares were subject to a dividend rate reset for the five-year period from and including January 31, 2026. The dividend rate was reset to
                                         4.591% or $0.286938 per share in cash dividends payable quarterly.
                                       7 The Series Q shares are entitled to an annual non-cumulative dividend, payable quarterly at a floating rate equal to the 3-month Government of Canada Treasury Bill rate plus
                                         1.60%. On February 2, 2026, all of the outstanding Series Q shares were converted on a one-for-one basis into Series P shares.


                                             A  96                                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A


SUMMARY OF QUARTERLY RESULTS




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                       2025                                            2024
                                                                                       Q4        Q3         Q2           Q1            Q4          Q3         Q2         Q1
Insurance revenue                                                                   5,690     5,594     5,551        5,486         5,399       5,292      5,273      5,250
Net investment income                                                               2,887     2,793     2,459        2,469         2,931       2,365      2,548      2,516
Change in FVPL on investments                                                         (30)    1,780     1,085        1,406        (2,886)      6,944       (848)    (1,333)
Fee income and other revenues                                                       3,501     3,371     3,255        3,169         3,201       2,939      2,935      2,729
Total revenues                                                                     12,048    13,538    12,350      12,530          8,645     17,540       9,908      9,162

Net earnings 1                                                                       408       703        772          689           933         371        730        709
  per share – basic                                                                  0.64      1.10      1.20         1.07          1.44        0.58       1.12        1.09
  per share – diluted                                                                0.62      1.07      1.19         1.05          1.43        0.56       1.12        1.08
Earnings from continuing operations
Net earnings from continuing operations 1                                            408       703        772          689           933         371        730        758
  per share – basic                                                                  0.64      1.10      1.20         1.07          1.44        0.58       1.12        1.17
  per share – diluted                                                                0.62      1.07      1.19         1.05          1.43        0.56       1.12        1.16
Adjusted net earnings from
 continuing operations 1 2 3                                                         867       863        883          787           829         693        739        710
  per share – basic 2                                                                1.36      1.35      1.38         1.22          1.28        1.07       1.14        1.09
Adjustments 2 3 4                                                                    (459)     (160)     (111)         (98)          104        (322)         (9)        48
  per share – basic 2                                                               (0.72)    (0.25)     (0.18)      (0.15)         0.16       (0.49)     (0.02)       0.08
1 Attributable to participating shareholders.
2 Adjusted net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders and adjusted net earnings from continuing operations per share, and
  adjustments and adjustments per share are non-IFRS financial measures or non-IFRS ratios. For a definition of these non-IFRS financial measures, please refer to the section
  “Non-IFRS Financial Measures” in this MD&A.
3 GMT legislation was enacted in Canada on June 20, 2024 and applies retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a result, the comparative results for adjusted net earnings and
  Adjustments for the first quarter of 2024 are presented on a pro forma basis as if the legislation had been enacted in the first quarter of 2024.
4 The Corporation’s share of Adjustments is as follows:

                                                                                     (75)                             2025                                             2024
                                                                                      Q4         Q3         Q2          Q1             Q4          Q3         Q2         Q1
   Lifeco
      Pre-tax                                                                       (212)      (75)      (234)        (152)           (23)      (171)        (29)        11
      Tax effect                                                                      38        18         66           34              9         28           6         20
                                                                                    (174)      (57)      (168)        (118)           (14)      (143)        (23)        31
   IGM
     Pre-tax                                                                          25         (1)       10            (2)            −          (3)        (3)         −
     Tax effect                                                                      (12)        −          (2)          −             19           −          −          1
                                                                                      13         (1)         8           (2)           19          (3)        (3)         1
   GBL
     Pre-tax                                                                        (180)      (67)         −           22              −         (44)         −          −
     Tax effect                                                                        −         −          −            −              −           −          −          −
                                                                                    (180)      (67)         −           22              −         (44)         −          −
   Sagard and Power Sustainable
     Pre-tax                                                                        (116)      (36)        38          (14)           (24)        (38)        (4)        26
     Tax effect                                                                        (2)       1         11             2            12           3          −         (1)
                                                                                    (118)      (35)        49          (12)           (12)        (35)        (4)        25
   Standalone businesses
      Pre-tax                                                                          −         −          −            −           111          (97)        16        (12)
      Tax effect                                                                       −         −          −           12              −           −          5          3
                                                                                       −         −          −           12           111          (97)        21         (9)
                                                                                    (459)     (160)      (111)         (98)          104        (322)         (9)        48




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                A  97
                                       POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA


                                       CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                     December 31,   December 31,
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                   2025           2024

                                       Assets
                                       Cash and cash equivalents [Note 4]                                                                                  14,366       13,744
                                       Investments [Note 5]
                                          Bonds                                                                                                           174,867      167,400
                                          Mortgage and other loans                                                                                         44,045       44,665
                                          Shares                                                                                                           22,344       19,572
                                          Investment properties                                                                                             8,493        8,350
                                                                                                                                                          249,749      239,987
                                       Insurance contract assets [Note 10]                                                                                  1,571        1,193
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets [Note 11]                                                                          16,850       17,842
                                       Funds held on behalf of clients                                                                                     24,320       16,720
                                       Derivative financial instruments [Note 28]                                                                           2,290        2,637
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 6]                                               8,135        8,801
                                       Owner-occupied properties and capital assets [Note 7]                                                                6,544        6,269
                                       Other assets [Note 8]                                                                                               26,641       23,948
                                       Deferred tax assets [Note 18]                                                                                        2,408        2,181
                                       Intangible assets [Note 9]                                                                                           7,031        6,974
                                       Goodwill [Note 9]                                                                                                   14,661       14,677
                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 13]                                                  551,169      496,386
                                       Total assets                                                                                                       925,735      851,359

                                       Liabilities
                                       Insurance contract liabilities [Note 10]                                                                           161,644      155,683
                                       Investment contract liabilities [Note 12]                                                                           89,042       90,157
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities [Note 11]                                                                        919          795
                                       Obligations to securitization entities [Note 14]                                                                     4,815        5,025
                                       Power Corporation's debentures and other debt instruments [Note 15]                                                    647          647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments of:
                                          Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM [Note 16A]                                                                       11,354       12,031
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other [Note 16B]                                                                4,146        3,878
                                       Client funds payable                                                                                                25,793       16,605
                                       Derivative financial instruments [Note 28]                                                                           2,438        2,180
                                       Other liabilities [Note 17]                                                                                         27,299       22,733
                                       Deferred tax liabilities [Note 18]                                                                                   1,421        1,253
                                       Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 13]                                           70,418       66,343
                                       Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders [Note 13]                                         480,751      430,043
                                       Total liabilities                                                                                                  880,687      807,373

                                       Equity
                                       Share capital [Note 19]
                                         Non-participating shares                                                                                           1,350          950
                                         Participating shares                                                                                               9,159        9,236
                                       Retained earnings                                                                                                   11,674       11,364
                                       Reserves                                                                                                             2,249        2,330
                                       Total shareholders' equity                                                                                          24,432       23,880
                                       Non-controlling interests [Note 21]                                                                                 20,616       20,106
                                       Total equity                                                                                                        45,048       43,986
                                       Total liabilities and equity                                                                                       925,735      851,359



                                       Approved by the Board of Directors




                                       /s/ Siim A. Vanaselja                    /s/ R. Jeffrey Orr

                                       Siim A. Vanaselja                        R. Jeffrey Orr
                                       Director                                 Director




                                             A  98                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS




                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
For the years ended December 31
[in millions of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts]                                   2025        2024

Insurance service result
Insurance revenue [Note 24]                                                                22,321      21,214
Insurance service expenses [Note 25]                                                      (17,239)    (16,368)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                      (1,703)     (1,599)
Total insurance service result                                                               3,379       3,247

Net investment result [Note 5]
Net investment income                                                                     10,608       10,360
Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                               4,241        1,877
                                                                                          14,849       12,237
Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                    (6,355)      (5,918)
Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                    (326)         (10)
Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                (5,002)      (2,932)
Net investment result                                                                      3,166        3,377

Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
Net investment income (loss)                                                                5,044       6,828
Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                     (5,044)     (6,828)
Net investment result - Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders          -           -

Other revenues
Fee income                                                                                12,298       11,057
Other                                                                                        998          747
Total fee income and other revenues                                                       13,296       11,804

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses [Note 25]                                           14,178       12,462
Financing charges [Note 26]                                                                  849          812
Total other expenses                                                                      15,027       13,274
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates, and income taxes                                                          4,814       5,154
Share of earnings of investments in jointly controlled corporations
  and associates [Note 6]                                                                     462         376
Earnings before income taxes                                                                5,276       5,530
Income taxes [Note 18]                                                                        878         929
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                     4,398       4,601
Net loss from discontinued operations                                                           -        (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                               -          44
Net earnings                                                                                4,398       4,530

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests [Note 21]                                                      1,771       1,735
   Non-participating shareholders                                                              55          52
   Participating shareholders                                                               2,572       2,743
                                                                                            4,398       4,530

Earnings per participating share [Note 31]
Net earnings from continuing operations attributable to participating shareholders
  Basic                                                                                      4.01        4.31
  Diluted                                                                                    3.94        4.27
Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders
  Basic                                                                                      4.01        4.23
  Diluted                                                                                    3.94        4.19




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                      A  99
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       For the years ended December 31
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                             2025     2024

                                       Net earnings                                                                                                             4,398        4,530

                                       Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                         Items that may be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                                         Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI debt instruments
                                            Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                130      113
                                              Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                           (21)     (25)
                                            Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                        (8)     47
                                              Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                              3     (10)
                                                                                                                                                                     104      125

                                          Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges
                                            Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                             314           74
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                       (69)         (16)
                                            Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                  (195)         (61)
                                               Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                        52           16
                                                                                                                                                                  102           13

                                          Net unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation
                                           of foreign operations
                                            Unrealized gains (losses) on translation                                                                             (231)       1,388
                                            Realized (gains) losses transferred to net earnings                                                                       -       (265)
                                            Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of net investments in foreign operations                                         (243)        (172)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                         (1)         40
                                                                                                                                                                 (475)         991

                                          Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments in jointly controlled
                                           corporations and associates                                                                                               210      401
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                               -       (1)
                                                                                                                                                                     210      400

                                          Total - items that may be reclassified                                                                                     (59)    1,529

                                          Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to net earnings
                                          Net unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI equity instruments
                                             Unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                               162      (414)
                                               Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                           (1)         -
                                                                                                                                                                     161      (414)

                                          Share of other comprehensive income (losses) of investments in jointly controlled
                                           corporations and associates                                                                                           (255)        (151)

                                          Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit plans [Note 27]                                                                147      333
                                            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                             (46)     (90)
                                                                                                                                                                     101      243

                                          Total - items that will not be reclassified                                                                                  7      (322)

                                       Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                             (52)    1,207

                                       Comprehensive income                                                                                                     4,346        5,737


                                       Attributable to
                                          Non-controlling interests                                                                                             1,746        2,180
                                          Non-participating shareholders                                                                                           55           52
                                          Participating shareholders                                                                                            2,545        3,505
                                                                                                                                                                4,346        5,737




                                            A  100                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                Share capital                                                 Reserves
For the year ended                                                                                                    Other
December 31, 2025                                    Non-                                                     comprehensive                    Non-
                                             participating      Participating       Retained    Share-based         income               controlling        Total
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                   shares             shares       earnings   compensation       [Note 30]      Total     interests       equity

Balance, beginning of year                            950             9,236         11,364            327           2,003      2,330       20,106         43,986
Net earnings                                            -                 -          2,627              -                -          -       1,771          4,398
Other comprehensive loss                                -                 -              -              -             (27)       (27)         (25)           (52)
Comprehensive income                                    -                 -          2,627              -             (27)       (27)       1,746          4,346

Issuance of non-participating
  shares [Note 19]                                    400                    -            -              -               -          -             -         400
Subordinate voting shares
  purchased and cancelled
  under Normal Course
  Issuer Bid [Note 19]                                    -             (190)         (521)              -               -          -             -         (711)
Dividends to shareholders
    Non-participating shares                              -                  -         (55)              -               -          -             -          (55)
    Participating shares                                  -                  -      (1,568)              -               -          -             -       (1,568)
Dividends to non-controlling
  interests                                               -                  -            -              -               -          -      (1,132)        (1,132)
Expense for share-based
  compensation [Note 20]                                  -                -              -             46               -         46           33           79
Stock options exercised                                   -              113              -            (40)              -        (40)          31          104
Realized gains on FVOCI equity
  instruments transferred to
  retained earnings                                       -                  -           29              -             (29)       (29)            -                -
Share issue costs [Note 19]                               -                  -          (11)             -                -          -            -             (11)
Effects of changes in
  capital and ownership of
  subsidiaries, and other                              -                  -           (191)            (8)            (23)       (31)        (168)          (390)
Balance, end of year                               1,350              9,159         11,674            325           1,924      2,249       20,616         45,048



                                                                Share capital                                                 Reserves
For the year ended                                                                                                    Other
December 31, 2024                                    Non-                                                     comprehensive                    Non-
                                             participating      Participating       Retained    Share-based         income               controlling        Total
[in millions of Canadian dollars]                   shares             shares       earnings   compensation       [Note 30]      Total     interests       equity

Balance, beginning of year                            950             9,284         10,005            408           1,496      1,904       19,122         41,265
Net earnings                                            -                 -          2,795              -               -          -        1,735          4,530
Other comprehensive income                              -                 -              -              -             762        762          445          1,207
Comprehensive income                                    -                 -          2,795              -             762        762        2,180          5,737

Subordinate voting shares
  purchased and cancelled
  under Normal Course
  Issuer Bid [Note 19]                                    -             (161)         (269)              -               -          -             -         (430)
Dividends to shareholders
    Non-participating shares                              -                  -         (52)              -               -          -             -          (52)
    Participating shares                                  -                  -      (1,457)              -               -          -             -       (1,457)
Dividends to non-controlling
  interests                                               -                  -            -              -               -          -      (1,060)        (1,060)
Expense for share-based
  compensation [Note 20]                                  -                -              -             39               -         39           22           61
Stock options exercised                                   -              113              -            (92)              -        (92)          82          103
Realized gains on FVOCI equity
  instruments transferred to
  retained earnings                                       -                  -         238               -            (238)     (238)             -               -
Effects of changes in
  capital and ownership of
  subsidiaries, and other                               -                 -            104            (28)            (17)       (45)        (240)          (181)
Balance, end of year                                  950             9,236         11,364            327           2,003      2,330       20,106         43,986




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A  101
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       For the years ended December 31
                                       [in millions of Canadian dollars]                                                                                                   2025      2024

                                       Operating activities
                                       Earnings before income taxes from continuing and discontinued operations                                                        5,276       5,370
                                       Income tax paid, net of refunds received                                                                                       (1,103)       (906)
                                       Adjusting items
                                          Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                                     5,024        5,636
                                          Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                                    3,132       (5,538)
                                          Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                                120          115
                                          Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                     663          586
                                          Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                           (371)          38
                                          Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                                (4,241)      (1,877)
                                          Lifeco’s insurance and investment contract-related activities
                                             Sales, maturities and repayments of investments                                                                         56,427        43,802
                                             Purchases of investments                                                                                               (60,942)      (42,396)
                                          Other                                                                                                                         795         1,061
                                                                                                                                                                      4,780         5,891
                                       Financing activities
                                       Dividends paid
                                          By subsidiaries to non-controlling interests                                                                                (1,133)      (1,060)
                                          Non-participating shares                                                                                                       (52)         (52)
                                          Participating shares                                                                                                        (1,541)      (1,437)
                                                                                                                                                                      (2,726)      (2,549)
                                       Issuance of equity
                                          Corporation’s subordinate voting shares [Note 19]                                                                                104       103
                                          Non-participating shares [Note 19]                                                                                               400         -
                                          Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                      429       388
                                          Subsidiaries’ preferred shares                                                                                                   550         -
                                       Issuance of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                     800       753
                                       Repurchase or redemption of equity
                                          Corporation’s subordinate voting shares for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid [Note 19]                             (711)        (430)
                                          Subsidiaries’ common shares                                                                                                 (1,179)        (237)
                                       Redemption of investment funds’ limited-life and redeemable units                                                                (200)        (100)
                                       Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                                                            (3)        (37)
                                       Changes in Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM's debt instruments [Note 16A]
                                          Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                               138          -
                                          Repayment of senior notes                                                                                                       (689)         -
                                          Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                                 -        (60)
                                       Changes in Consolidated investment funds and Other's debt instruments [Note 16B]
                                          Increase in other debt instruments                                                                                           1,162        1,183
                                          Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                                            (861)        (462)
                                       Repayment of lease liabilities [Note 17]                                                                                          (96)         (91)
                                       Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                              1,443        1,593
                                       Repayment of obligations to securitization entities                                                                            (1,684)      (1,272)
                                       Other                                                                                                                            (548)         (42)
                                                                                                                                                                      (3,671)      (1,260)
                                       Investing activities
                                       Sales maturities and repayment of investments                                                                                   3,639        2,815
                                       Purchases of investments                                                                                                       (3,950)      (3,293)
                                       Distribution and proceeds from disposal of investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates [Note 6]                                                                                                      1,025          663
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates [Note 6]                                                          (370)        (413)
                                       Impact from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                    -         (211)
                                       Business acquisitions and asset acquisition, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                           (67)        (447)
                                       Acquisition of capital assets, properties and other                                                                             (625)        (874)
                                                                                                                                                                       (348)      (1,760)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                (139)         561
                                       Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            622        3,432
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                  13,744       10,312
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                                        14,366       13,744

                                       Net cash from operating activities includes
                                       Interest and dividends received                                                                                                    9,588    9,025
                                       Interest paid                                                                                                                      1,318    1,218




                                            A  102                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
(ALL TABULAR AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS OF CANADIAN DOLLARS, UNLESS OTHERWISE NOTED)

Note 1      Corporate Information                                          104    Note 17        Other Liabilities                                              170
Note 2      Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material                         Note 18        Income Taxes                                                   171
              Accounting Policies                                          104    Note 19        Share Capital                                                  173
Note 3      Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions                   131    Note 20        Share-Based Compensation                                       175
Note 4      Cash and Cash Equivalents                                      131    Note 21        Non-Controlling Interests                                      178
Note 5      Investments                                                    132    Note 22        Capital Management                                             180
Note 6      Investments in Jointly Controlled Corporations                        Note 23        Risk Management                                                182
              and Associates                                               135
                                                                                  Note 24        Insurance Revenue                                              197
Note 7      Owner-Occupied Properties and Capital Assets                   138
                                                                                  Note 25        Insurance Service and Operating and
Note 8      Other Assets                                                   139                     Administrative Expenses                                      198
Note 9      Goodwill and Intangible Assets                                 140    Note 26        Financing Charges                                              198
Note 10     Insurance Contracts                                            143    Note 27        Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits               199
Note 11     Reinsurance Contracts Held                                     156    Note 28        Derivative Financial Instruments                               205
Note 12     Investment Contract Liabilities                                161    Note 29        Fair Value Measurement                                         212
Note 13     Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities                 161    Note 30        Other Comprehensive Income                                     217
Note 14     Obligations to Securitization Entities                         165    Note 31        Earnings Per Share                                             218
Note 15     Power Corporation’s Debentures and                                    Note 32        Related Parties                                                219
              Other Debt Instruments                                       165
                                                                                  Note 33        Contingent Liabilities                                         220
Note 16     Non-Recourse Debentures and
             Other Debt Instruments                                        166    Note 34        Commitments and Guarantees                                     221
                                                                                  Note 35        Segmented Information                                          222


The following abbreviations are used in these Consolidated Financial Statements:

Canada Life                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                      PAA                              Premium allocation approach
ChinaAMC                     China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                       Pargesa                          Pargesa SA
CSM                          Contractual service margin                             Parjointco                       Parjointco SA
Empower                      Empower Annuity Insurance Company                      Portage Ventures I               Portag3 Ventures Limited Partnership
                              of America
                                                                                    Portage Ventures II              Portag3 Ventures II Limited Partnership
FVOCI                        Fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                                    Portage Ventures III             Portage Ventures III Limited Partnership
FVPL                         Fair value through profit or loss
                                                                                    Potentia                         Potentia Renewables Inc.
GBL                          Groupe Bruxelles Lambert
                                                                                    Power Corporation or             Power Corporation of Canada
IFRS                         International Financial Reporting Standards             the Corporation
IGM or IGM Financial         IGM Financial Inc.                                     Power Financial                  Power Financial Corporation
IG Wealth Management         IGWM Inc. (formerly Investors Group Inc.)              Power Sustainable                Power Sustainable Capital Inc.
Lifeco                       Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                 Power Sustainable Energy         Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure
                                                                                     Infrastructure                   Partnership
Lion                         The Lion Electric Co.
                                                                                    Rockefeller                      Rockefeller Capital Management
LMPG                         LMPG Inc.
                                                                                    Sagard                           Sagard Holdings Inc.
Mackenzie or                 Mackenzie Financial Corporation
 Mackenzie Investments                                                              SHMI                             Sagard Holdings Management Inc.
Northleaf                    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                           TSX                              Toronto Stock Exchange
OSFI                         Office of the Superintendent of Financial              Wealthsimple                     Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
                               Institutions




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  103
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 1 CORPORATE INFORMATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Power Corporation of Canada is a publicly listed company (TSX: POW; POW.PR.E) incorporated and domiciled in Canada
                                       and located at 751 Victoria Square, Montréal, Quebec, Canada, H2Y 2J3.
                                       Power Corporation is an international management and holding company that focuses on financial services in North America,
                                       Europe and Asia. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement, wealth management and investment businesses,
                                       including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       The Consolidated Financial Statements (financial statements) of Power Corporation as at and for the year ended
                                       December 31, 2025 were approved by its Board of Directors on March 18, 2026.


                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

                                       BASIS OF PRESENTATION
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation as at December 31, 2025 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
                                       Accounting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB).
                                       The financial statements include the accounts of Power Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis after
                                       elimination of intercompany transactions and balances, and consolidation adjustments.
                                       The financial statements of Power Corporation include, on a consolidated basis, the results of Power Financial, a reporting
                                       issuer in all of the provinces and territories of Canada, and Lifeco and IGM Financial, which are both public companies. The
                                       amounts shown on the consolidated balance sheets (balance sheets), consolidated statements of earnings (statements of
                                       earnings), consolidated statements of comprehensive income (statements of comprehensive income), consolidated
                                       statements of changes in equity (statements of changes in equity) and consolidated statements of cash flows (statements of
                                       cash flows) are mainly derived from the publicly disclosed consolidated financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial, all
                                       as at and for the year ended December 31, 2025. Certain notes to Power Corporation’s financial statements are derived from
                                       the notes to the financial statements of Lifeco and IGM Financial.

                                       SUBSIDIARIES
                                       Subsidiaries, including controlled investment funds, are entities the Corporation controls when: (i) the Corporation has power
                                       over the entity; (ii) it is exposed or has rights to variable returns from its involvement; and (iii) it has the ability to affect those
                                       returns through its use of power over the entity. Subsidiaries of the Corporation are consolidated from the date of acquisition,
                                       being the date on which the Corporation obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date such control ceases.
                                       The Corporation reassesses whether or not it controls an entity if facts and circumstances indicate there are changes to one
                                       or more of the elements of control.

                                       JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES
                                       Jointly controlled corporations are entities in which unanimous consent is required for decisions relating to relevant activities.
                                       Associates are entities in which the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s operating and financial
                                       policies, without having control or joint control. Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are accounted
                                       for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the Corporation recognizes its share of net earnings (losses) and other
                                       comprehensive income (loss) of the jointly controlled corporations and associates, and dividends received.
                                       In the case of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture
                                       capital organization, the Corporation has elected to measure certain of its investments in jointly controlled corporations and
                                       associates at FVPL.




                                           A  104                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2        BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES

The financial statements of Power Corporation include the operations of the following direct and indirect subsidiaries and
investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates:
                                                                                                                                                   % equity interest
                                                                                                                                             December 31,     December 31,
Corporation                                          Classification       Incorporated       Primary business operation                            2025             2024

Holding company
Power Corporation of Canada                          Parent               Canada             Holding company
Power Financial Corporation                          Subsidiary           Canada             Holding company                                        100.0              100.0
Publicly traded companies
Great-West Lifeco Inc. 1                             Subsidiary           Canada             Financial services holding company                      71.1               70.6
  The Canada Life Assurance Company                  Subsidiary           Canada             Insurance and wealth management                        100.0              100.0
  Irish Life Group Limited                           Subsidiary           Ireland            Insurance and wealth management                        100.0              100.0
  Empower Annuity Insurance                          Subsidiary           United States      Financial services                                     100.0              100.0
   Company of America
IGM Financial Inc. 2                                 Subsidiary           Canada             Wealth and asset management                             66.8               66.1
  IG Wealth Management                               Subsidiary           Canada             Financial services                                     100.0              100.0
  Mackenzie Financial Corporation                    Subsidiary           Canada             Asset management company                               100.0              100.0
    China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                 Associate            China              Asset management company                                27.8               27.8
    Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. 3                   Associate            Canada             Alternative asset manager                               70.0               70.0
  Rockefeller Capital Management                     Associate            United States      Financial services                                      17.2               20.5
Parjointco SA                                        Joint control        Belgium            Holding company                                         50.0               50.0
  Groupe Bruxelles Lambert 4                         Subsidiary           Belgium            Holding company                                         34.2               32.9
Alternative asset investment platforms
  and other
Power Sustainable Capital Inc.                       Subsidiary           Canada             Holding company                                        100.0              100.0
  Power Sustainable Manager Inc. 5                   Subsidiary           Canada             Alternative asset manager                               93.4               95.5
  Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure            Subsidiary           Canada             Renewable energy fund                                   41.2               46.5
   Partnership 6
  Potentia Renewables Inc.                           Subsidiary           Canada             Renewable energy                                       100.0              100.0
  Nautilus Solar Energy, LLC                         Subsidiary           United States      Renewable energy                                       100.0              100.0
Sagard Holdings Inc.                                 Subsidiary           Canada             Holding company                                        100.0              100.0
  Sagard Holdings Management Inc. 7                  Subsidiary           Canada             Alternative asset manager                               55.2               63.5
    BEX Capital SAS 8                                Subsidiary           France             Alternative asset manager                               45.0                  –
    Performance Equity Management, LLC               Subsidiary           United States      Alternative asset manager                              100.0               38.0
    HalseyPoint Asset Management, LLC                Joint control        United States      Alternative asset manager                               40.0               40.0
  Wealthsimple Financial Corp. 9                     Subsidiary           Canada             Financial services                                      52.4               54.4
  Portag3 Ventures LP 10                             Subsidiary           Canada             Venture capital fund                                   100.0              100.0
  Portag3 Ventures II LP 11                          Subsidiary           Canada             Venture capital fund                                    27.9               27.9
  Portage Ventures III LP 12                         Subsidiary           Canada             Venture capital fund                                    15.4               15.4
  Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP 13             Subsidiary           Canada             Venture capital fund                                    57.1               57.1
Standalone Business
  LMPG Inc.                                          Subsidiary           Canada             Lighting solutions                                      49.6               49.6
1 Power Financial holds a 68.7% equity interest and IGM Financial holds a 2.4% equity interest in Lifeco (68.2% and 2.4%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).
2 Power Financial holds a 62.9% equity interest and Canada Life holds a 3.9% equity interest in IGM Financial (62.2% and 3.9%, respectively, at December 31, 2024).
3 Represents a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest. Held through an acquisition vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie Investments and 20% by Lifeco.
4 Parjointco has a controlling interest in GBL and holds a 47.8% voting interest (47.0% at December 31, 2024).
5 Power Corporation and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 73.0% and 20.4%, respectively, in Power Sustainable Manager Inc. (74.7% and 20.8%, respectively at December 31,
  2024).
6 Power Corporation holds a 28.3% equity interest and Lifeco holds a 12.9% equity interest in Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure Partnership (32.8% and 13.7%,
  respectively, at December 31, 2024).
7 Power Corporation, Lifeco and GBL hold an equity interest of 44.2%, 11.0% and 4.9%, respectively, in Sagard Holdings Management Inc. (50.8%, 12.7% and nil,
  respectively, at December 31, 2024). In March 2025, GBL acquired a 5% fully diluted interest in SHMI for a consideration of US$33 million. In September 2025, Baird
  Financial Group (Baird) entered into a strategic partnership with SHMI and acquired a 5% fully diluted interest in SHMI for a consideration of US$34 million.
8 The Corporation, through SHMI, currently has an exercisable option to buy an additional 5.1% equity interest in BEX Capital SAS.
9 Power Financial, Portage Ventures I and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 13.9%, 9.6% and 28.9%, respectively, in Wealthsimple (13.8%, 10.5% and 30.1%,
  respectively, at December 31, 2024).
10 Power Financial holds a 63.0% equity interest and Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equity interest of 18.5% in Portage Ventures I.
11 Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM Financial each hold an equal equity interest of 7.7% and Sagard holds a 4.7% equity interest in Portage Ventures II.
12 Sagard, Lifeco and IGM Financial hold an equity interest of 2.4%, 9.0% and 4.0%, respectively, in Portage Ventures III.
13 Sagard and Lifeco hold an equity interest of 29.2% and 27.9%, respectively, in Portage Capital Solutions Fund I LP.



                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              A  105
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2       BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                       The Corporation adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign
                                       Exchange Rates, effective January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the
                                       Corporation’s financial statements.

                                       USE OF SIGNIFICANT JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS
                                       In the preparation of the financial statements, management of the Corporation and management of its subsidiaries are
                                       required to make significant judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net
                                       earnings, comprehensive income and related disclosures. Key sources of estimation, uncertainty and areas where significant
                                       judgments have been made by the management of the Corporation and the management of its subsidiaries are listed below
                                       and are discussed throughout the notes in these financial statements, including:
                                       Item or balance          Applied by        Key judgments or estimates                                                            Corresponding
                                       affected by judgments                                                                                                                   note(s)
                                       or estimates

                                       Evaluation               Management of     Determining if the Corporation has the ability to direct the relevant activities of              2
                                       of control               the Corporation   the subsidiaries, including investment funds or other structured entities, in order
                                                                and of its        to derive variable returns. Judgment is exercised in evaluating the variable
                                                                subsidiaries      returns and in determining the extent to which the Corporation has the ability to
                                                                                  exercise power to affect variable returns.
                                                                                  Determining whether the Corporation is a principal or an agent when the
                                                                                  Corporation or its subsidiaries act as a fund manager and also invest in the fund.
                                                                                  The Corporation determines that it is a principal when it has sufficient capital
                                                                                  invested and exposure to variability of returns generated as a result of the
                                                                                  decisions of the Corporation or its subsidiaries as a fund manager. Judgment is
                                                                                  applied in determining the sufficiency of the variability of returns and overall
                                                                                  aggregate economic interest. In making these judgments, the Corporation
                                                                                  considers the rights held by other investors, including their ability to remove the
                                                                                  fund manager.

                                       Fair value of assets     Management of     Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a                       3
                                       acquired and             the Corporation   business combination requires judgment.
                                       liabilities assumed      and of its
                                                                subsidiaries

                                       Assets and liabilities   Management of     Judgment is required in determining the assets and liabilities to be included in a               3
                                       held for sale            the Corporation   disposal group. Estimation is required in the determination of the fair value for
                                                                and of its        disposal groups, including contingent consideration and costs to sell.
                                                                subsidiaries

                                       Evaluation of            Management of     Determining if the Corporation exercises significant influence over the entity’s              2, 6
                                       significant influence    the Corporation   operating and financing policies, or if unanimous consent is required for
                                       and joint control        and of its        decisions relating to relevant activities.
                                                                subsidiaries

                                       Classification of     Management of        Determining whether arrangements should be accounted for as insurance,                           2
                                       insurance and         Lifeco               investment or service contracts.
                                       reinsurance contracts

                                       Valuation of insurance Management of       Determining the actuarial assumptions, including mortality, longevity, morbidity,          10, 12
                                       and certain            Lifeco              expense and policyholder behaviour.
                                       investment contract
                                       liabilities

                                       Coverage units           Management of     Determining the coverage units, which are based on an estimate of the quantity                 n/a
                                                                Lifeco            of coverage provided by the contracts in a group, considering the quantity of
                                                                                  benefits provided and the expected coverage duration.




                                            A  106                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2      BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Item or balance           Applied by              Key judgments or estimates                                                               Corresponding
affected by judgments                                                                                                                             note(s)
or estimates

Amounts payable to        Management of           All terms of contracts issued are considered to determine whether there are                       n/a
a policyholder            Lifeco                  amounts payable to the policyholder in all circumstances, regardless of contract
                                                  cancellation, maturity, and the occurrence or non-occurrence of an insured
                                                  event. Some amounts, once paid by the policyholder, are repayable to the
                                                  policyholder in all circumstances. Such payments are considered to meet the
                                                  definition of an investment component, irrespective of whether the amount
                                                  repayable varies over the term of the contract, as the amount is repayable only
                                                  after it has first been paid by the policyholder.

Discount rates to         Management of           Determining the discount rates to apply to most insurance contract liability cash                  10
apply to insurance        Lifeco                  flows.
contract liability cash
flows                                             Lifeco generally uses the top-down approach for cash flows of non-participating
                                                  contracts that do not depend on underlying items. Applying this approach,
                                                  Lifeco uses the yield curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets and adjusts
                                                  it to exclude the effects of risks (e.g., credit risk) present in the cash flows from
                                                  the financial instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but not in the
                                                  insurance cash flows. One of the key sources of estimation uncertainty is
                                                  estimating the market risk premiums for credit risk of the underlying items that
                                                  are only relevant to assets included in the reference portfolio, but not to the non-
                                                  participating contracts. For some products, discount rates are set using a
                                                  bottom-up approach, based on risk-free rates, plus an illiquidity premium, which
                                                  also requires judgment.

Risk adjustment for       Management of           Judgment is required in reflecting diversification and calculating the confidence              10, 11
non-financial risk        Lifeco                  level.

Onerous contracts         Management of           Determining at what level of granularity sufficient information is available to                10, 11
                          Lifeco                  conclude that all contracts within a set will be in the same group.
                                                  The determination of whether a contract or a group of contracts is onerous is
                                                  based on the expectations as at the date of initial recognition and subsequently,
                                                  with fulfillment cash flow expectations determined on a probability-weighted
                                                  basis.
                                                  Lifeco determines the appropriate level at which reasonable and supportable
                                                  information is available to make this assessment.

Measurement of            Management of           Judgment is required on measurement of impairment losses under IFRS 9,                          5, 23
impairment losses         the Corporation         Financial Instruments (IFRS 9) across relevant financial assets, in particular for the
                          and of its              estimation of the amount and timing of future cash flows when determining
                          subsidiaries            impairment losses and the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk.



Fair value of financial   Management of           Determining fair value inputs to establish the fair value of financial instruments,                29
instruments               the Corporation         particularly those items categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
                          and of its
                          subsidiaries




                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A  107
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2      BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Item or balance          Applied by        Key judgments or estimates                                                          Corresponding
                                       affected by judgments                                                                                                                 note(s)
                                       or estimates

                                       Fair value of            Management of     Internal valuation models are used to determine the fair value of equity-release           5, 29
                                       equity-release           Lifeco            mortgages. These valuations are adjusted by applying management judgments
                                       mortgages                                  and estimates for material changes in projected asset cash flows and discount
                                                                                  rates.

                                       Fair value of         Management of        Independent qualified appraisal services are used to determine the fair value of           5, 29
                                       investment properties its subsidiaries     investment properties, which use assumptions that include judgments and
                                                                                  estimates. These appraisals are adjusted by applying management’s judgments
                                                                                  and estimates for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures
                                                                                  or general market conditions.

                                       Initial recognition and Management of      Evaluating the synergies and future benefits in business combinations for initial           3, 9
                                       measurement of          the Corporation    recognition and measurement of goodwill and intangible assets as well as
                                       goodwill and            and of its         determining the recoverable amount.
                                       intangible assets, as   subsidiaries
                                       well as subsequent                         The determination of the recoverable amount of the cash generating units (to
                                       measurement                                which goodwill and intangible assets are assigned) relies upon valuation
                                                                                  methodologies that require the use of estimates.

                                       Determination of cash Management of        Determining the cash generating unit groupings as the lowest level at which the                9
                                       generating            the Corporation      assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes.
                                       unit groupings        and of its
                                                             subsidiaries

                                       Measurement of the       Management of     Determining the actuarial assumptions used to determine the expense for the                   27
                                       pension plans            the Corporation   current year and defined benefit obligations for pension plans and other post-
                                       and other post-          and of its        employment benefits. In evaluating the assumptions to be used, management
                                       employment benefit       subsidiaries      reviews the previous experience of related plan members and market
                                       obligations                                conditions, including interest rates and inflation rates.

                                       Recognition and          Management of     Interpreting the relevant tax laws, regulations and legislation where the                     18
                                       measurement of tax       the Corporation   Corporation and its subsidiaries operate to determine the tax provisions and the
                                       provisions and tax       and of its        carrying amounts of the tax assets and liabilities.
                                       assets and liabilities   subsidiaries

                                       Recoverability of        Management of     Assessing the recoverability of the deferred tax asset carrying values based on               18
                                       deferred tax asset       the Corporation   future years’ taxable income projections.
                                       carrying values          and of its
                                                                subsidiaries

                                       Recognition and      Management of         Assessing whether a past event will result in a probable outflow of economic                  33
                                       measurement of legal the Corporation       resources to settle the obligation.
                                       and other provisions and of its
                                                            subsidiaries          Judgment is applied in evaluating the possible outcomes and risks to determine
                                                                                  the best estimate of the provision at the balance sheet date.

                                       Derecognition of         Management of     Determining whether securitized mortgages are derecognized requires                           14
                                       securitization           IGM               judgment with respect to the extent to which the risks and rewards of ownership
                                       mortgages                                  are transferred.

                                       Classification of        Management of     Determining whether Lifeco retains the primary obligation with a client in sub-              n/a
                                       revenues and             Lifeco            advisor arrangements. Where Lifeco retains the primary obligation to the client,
                                       expenses in                                revenues and expenses are recorded on a gross basis.
                                       sub-advisor
                                       arrangements




                                            A  108                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2      BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Item or balance         Applied by              Key judgments or estimates                                                           Corresponding
affected by judgments                                                                                                                       note(s)
or estimates

Deferred selling        Management of           Determining whether the client or the fund is the customer, as well as the                      8
commissions             IGM                     assessment of the recoverability of the deferred selling commissions.

Deferred acquisition    Management of           Determining whether deferred acquisition costs can be recognized on the                         8
costs                   Lifeco                  consolidated balance sheets. Deferred acquisition costs are recognized if
                                                Lifeco’s management determines the costs meet the definition of an asset, are
                                                incremental and related to the issuance of the investment contract.

Classification of non- Management of            Determining if non-controlling interests in funds are classified as liabilities or             17
controlling interests  the Corporation          equity depends on whether an obligation exists to distribute residual net assets
in limited-life fund   and of its               to non-controlling interests in the form of cash or another financial asset or
units and redeemable subsidiaries               assets delivered in kind.
fund units
                                                Judgment is used to determine what the governing documents of each entity
                                                require or permit in this regard.


The results of the Corporation reflect management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ judgments regarding the impact
of prevailing global credit, equity and foreign exchange market conditions. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ practice is
to use third-party independent credit ratings where available. Judgment is required when setting credit ratings for instruments
that do not have a third-party rating.

MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents include cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits and fixed income
securities with an original term to maturity of three months or less. Overdraft bank balances are included in other liabilities.
INVESTMENTS

Investments include bonds, mortgage and other loans, shares, and investment properties.
A financial asset is measured at fair value on initial recognition and is classified and subsequently measured as FVPL, FVOCI,
or amortized cost based upon the Corporation’s or its subsidiaries’ business models for managing these assets and the
contractual cash flow characteristics of these assets.
Business models are determined at the level that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve
business objectives.
A financial asset is classified as FVOCI if it meets the following criteria and is not designated as FVPL:
i)    it is held in a business model whose objective is to hold to collect contractual cash flows and sell financial assets; and
ii)   its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on
      the principal amount outstanding; or
iii) it is an investment in an equity instrument that is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognized by an
     acquirer in a business combination, and at initial recognition, the Corporation or its subsidiaries has made an irrevocable
     election to present subsequent changes in FVOCI.
A financial asset is classified as amortized cost if it meets the following criteria and is not designated as FVPL:
i)    it is held in a business model whose objective is to hold to collect contractual cash flows; and
ii)   its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI on the principal amount outstanding.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           A  109
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       FVOCI investments are recognized at fair value on the balance sheets with unrealized gains and losses recorded in the
                                       statements of comprehensive income.
                                       Any financial asset that does not qualify for measurement at amortized cost or FVOCI is classified as FVPL. For financial
                                       instruments that meet the amortized cost or FVOCI criteria, the Corporation and its subsidiaries may designate, at initial
                                       recognition, such financial instruments as FVPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that
                                       would otherwise arise. Investments measured as FVPL are recognized at fair value on the balance sheets with realized and
                                       unrealized gains and losses recorded in the statements of earnings.
                                       Investments in mortgage and other loans are initially classified with respect to the intent of the loan on origination.
                                       Investment properties consist of real estate held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation that have an insignificant
                                       portion that is owner-occupied or where there is no intent to occupy on a long-term basis. Properties that do not meet these
                                       criteria are classified as owner-occupied properties. Investment properties are initially measured at cost and subsequently
                                       carried at fair value on the balance sheets. Changes in fair value are recorded as net investment income in the statements of
                                       earnings.

                                       Derecognition
                                       A financial asset is derecognized only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when the financial
                                       asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset are transferred to another entity. On derecognition
                                       of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
                                       consideration received and receivable is recognized in the statements of earnings. In addition, on derecognition of an
                                       investment in a debt instrument classified as FVOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated is reclassified to the
                                       statements of earnings. On derecognition of equity instruments designated as FVOCI, the cumulative gain or losses are not
                                       reclassified to the statements of earnings but rather reclassified to retained earnings.

                                       Fair Value Measurement
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs
                                       when measuring fair value. The following is a description of the methodologies used to value instruments carried at fair value.

                                       BONDS AT FVPL AND FVOCI
                                       Fair values for bonds measured as FVPL or FVOCI are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily
                                       provided by third-party independent pricing sources. Where prices are not quoted in an active market, fair values are
                                       determined by valuation models. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in active markets, when available,
                                       for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure bonds at fair value in its FVPL and FVOCI portfolios.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries estimate the fair value of bonds not traded in active markets by referring to actively
                                       traded securities with similar attributes, dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodology, discounted cash flow analyses and/or
                                       internal valuation models. This methodology considers such factors as the issuer's industry, the security's rating, term, coupon
                                       rate and position in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other
                                       relevant factors. For bonds that are not traded in active markets, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity, and such
                                       adjustments generally are based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management's best estimate
                                       is used.

                                       MORTGAGE AND OTHER LOANS AT FVPL AND FVOCI
                                       There are no market-observable prices for mortgage and other loans; therefore, fair values for mortgage and other loans are
                                       determined by discounting expected future cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs
                                       typically include benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads based on current lending activities and market activity.

                                       EQUITY-RELEASE MORTGAGES AT FVPL
                                       There are no market-observable prices for equity-release mortgages; Lifeco uses an internal valuation model for discounting
                                       expected future cash flows and includes consideration of the embedded no-negative-equity guarantee. Inputs to the model
                                       include market-observable inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market-observable inputs
                                       include property growth and volatility rates, expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long-term care and
                                       interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no-negative-equity guarantee.




                                           A  110                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
SHARES AT FVPL AND FVOCI
Fair values of publicly traded shares are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the exchange where
it is principally traded. Fair values of shares for which there is no active market are typically based upon alternative valuation
techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movement relative to the market and utilization of
information provided by the underlying investment manager. The Corporation and its subsidiaries obtain quoted prices in
active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure shares at fair value.

INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
Fair values of investment properties are determined using independent qualified appraisal services and include adjustments
by management of its subsidiaries for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market
conditions in the interim period between appraisals. The determination of the fair value of investment properties requires the
use of estimates including future cash flows (such as future leasing assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating
expenditures) and discount, reversionary and overall capitalization rates applicable to the asset based on current market
conditions. Investment properties under construction are valued at fair value if such values can be reliably determined;
otherwise, they are recorded at cost.

Net Investment Income
Interest income is accounted for on an accrual basis using the effective interest method for bonds and mortgage and other
loans.
Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established. This is the ex-dividend date for listed shares
and usually the notification date or date when the board of directors has approved the dividend for private equity instruments.
Investment property income includes rents earned from tenants under lease agreements and property tax and operating cost
recoveries. Leases with contractual rent increases and rent-free periods are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term
of the lease.
Interest income, dividend income and investment property income are recorded in net investment income in the statements
of earnings.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             A  111
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2     BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Expected Credit Losses
                                       Expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated
                                       as FVPL and equity instruments designated as FVOCI.
                                       The ECL allowance is based on a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses expected as a result of defaults over the
                                       relevant time period as prescribed under the ECL model, which is a three-stage impairment approach.
                                       Category               Description

                                       Stage 1                Performing financial assets that have not experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or
                                                              have low credit risk are categorized into stage 1.
                                                              A 12-month ECL allowance is calculated for stage 1 financial assets. To assess if credit risk has increased
                                                              significantly, the Corporation and its subsidiaries compare the risk of default at initial recognition to the risk as at the
                                                              current reporting date.

                                       Stage 2                Performing financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are
                                                              categorized into stage 2.
                                                              A lifetime ECL allowance is calculated for stage 2 financial assets. Financial assets are assessed for a significant
                                                              increase in credit risk on an individual basis, utilizing the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ internal credit risk rating
                                                              system and the monitoring of timely payments on the assets. Financial assets that have contractual payments more
                                                              than 30 days past due are generally presumed to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk and are
                                                              included in stage 2. A financial asset in stage 2 can revert to stage 1 if the credit risk subsequently improves.

                                       Stage 3                Impaired financial assets are categorized into stage 3 and require a lifetime ECL allowance.
                                                              Financial assets are reviewed on an individual basis at the end of each reporting period to determine whether there
                                                              is any objective evidence of impairment. The Corporation and its subsidiaries consider various factors in the
                                                              impairment evaluation process, including, but not limited to, the financial condition of the issuer, specific adverse
                                                              conditions affecting an industry or region, decline in fair value not related to interest rates, bankruptcy or defaults,
                                                              and delinquency in payments of interest or principal.
                                                              Financial assets are deemed to be impaired when there is no longer reasonable assurance of collection. The fair
                                                              value of a financial asset is not a definitive indicator of impairment, as it may be significantly influenced by other
                                                              factors, including the remaining term to maturity and liquidity of the asset; however, market price is taken into
                                                              consideration when evaluating impairment.


                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries monitor all financial assets that are subject to impairment for significant increases in
                                       credit risk. In making this assessment, both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,
                                       including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort, is considered.

                                       MODIFIED FINANCIAL ASSETS
                                       An existing financial asset whose terms have been modified may be derecognized and the renegotiated asset recognized as
                                       a new financial asset at fair value in accordance with the Corporation’s accounting policies.
                                       If modification does not result in derecognition, the financial asset continues to be subject to the assessment for significant
                                       increase in credit risk relative to initial recognition. Expected cash flows arising from the modified contractual terms are
                                       considered when calculating the ECL for the modified asset. For loans that were modified while having lifetime ECLs, such
                                       loans can revert to having 12-month ECLs if the borrower's financial condition improves.

                                       DEFINITION OF DEFAULT
                                       The definition of default used in the measurement of ECL is consistent with the definition used for the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries’ internal credit risk management purposes. A financial asset is considered to be in default when the issuer is
                                       unlikely to meet its credit obligations in full or when it is 90 days past due.

                                       Securities Lending
                                       Lifeco engages in securities lending through its securities custodians as lending agents. Loaned securities are not
                                       derecognized, and continue to be reported within investments, as Lifeco retains substantial risks and rewards and economic
                                       benefits related to the loaned securities.




                                            A  112                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
TRANSACTION COSTS
Transaction costs related to financial instruments classified as FVPL are expensed as incurred. Transaction costs related to
financial instruments classified as FVOCI are included in the value of the instrument at acquisition. Transaction costs related
to financial instruments classified as amortized cost are included in the value of the instrument at acquisition and taken into
net earnings using the effective interest method for fixed income instruments or when sold for debt instruments.

FEE INCOME AND OTHER REVENUES
Lifeco
Fee income primarily includes fees earned from the management of investment contracts on account of segregated fund
policyholders, proprietary mutual fund assets, record keeping, fees earned on administrative-services-only Group health
contracts, commissions and fees earned from management services. Fee income is recognized on the transfer of services to
customers for the amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those services promised.
Lifeco has sub-advisor arrangements where Lifeco retains the primary obligation with the client. As a result, fee income earned
is reported on a gross basis, with the corresponding sub-advisor expense recorded in operating and administrative expenses.

IGM Financial
Wealth management revenue is earned for providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial services.
Revenues from financial advisory fees and investment management and related administration fees are based on the net asset
value of investment funds or other assets under advisement and are recognized as services are performed. Distribution
revenue associated with insurance and banking products and services is also recognized on an accrual basis while distribution
fees derived from investment fund and securities transactions are recognized on a trade-date basis.
Asset management revenue related to investment management advisory and administrative services is based on the net asset
value of investment funds and other assets under management and is accrued as services are performed.
Wealth and asset management revenue is included in fee income in the statements of earnings.

Other Subsidiaries
Revenues from contracts with customers are recognized by other subsidiaries when control of the goods or services is
transferred to the customer for the amount that reflects the consideration which the subsidiary expects to receive in exchange
for the goods or services.
Revenues from electricity sales are recognized when the electricity is delivered at the customer’s connection point and there
is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the electricity.
Revenues from contracts with customers and from electricity sales are included in other revenues in the statements of
earnings.
Management fee revenues earned by the asset management subsidiaries, which manage assets on behalf of investors, include:
  Revenues from asset managers: management fees are earned in accordance with contractual arrangements with
    investment funds based on the committed capital, invested capital or the net asset value of the fund and are accrued as
    services are performed.
  Revenues from investment management businesses: management fee revenues are recognized based on daily
    management services provided to investors as the performance obligation is satisfied and transaction-based revenues
    are recognized upon execution of trades on a transaction-by-transaction basis.
Carried interest is a performance fee arrangement in which the alternative asset manager receives a percentage of investment
returns, generated within an investment fund on carry-eligible capital, based on a contractual formula. Carried interest
revenue is recognized when an investment fund’s cumulative returns are in excess of preferred returns and when it is highly
probable that a significant reversal will not occur.
Management fees and carried interest revenue are included in fee income in the statements of earnings.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  113
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       OWNER-OCCUPIED PROPERTIES AND CAPITAL ASSETS
                                       Owner-occupied properties and capital assets include right-of-use assets.
                                       Owner-occupied properties and capital assets are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation, disposals and impairments.
                                       Capital assets include equipment, renewable power generating assets, furniture and fixtures. Owner-occupied properties and
                                       capital assets are depreciated using the straight-line method, over their estimated useful lives, as follows: i) owner-occupied
                                       properties (10 to 50 years); and ii) capital assets (3 to 35 years).
                                       Right-of-use assets are depreciated to the earlier of the end of the estimated useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of
                                       the lease term using the straight-line method. Depreciation expense is included within operating and administration
                                       expenses.
                                       Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at least annually and adjusted if necessary. Owner-
                                       occupied properties and capital assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
                                       the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

                                       LEASES
                                       At inception of a contract, the Corporation and its subsidiaries assess whether a contract is or contains a lease. The
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date.
                                       The right-of-use asset is initially measured based on the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments
                                       made at or before the commencement date, initial direct costs incurred and any lease incentive received. Right-of-use assets
                                       are included within owner-occupied properties and capital assets, with the exception of right-of-use assets that meet the
                                       definition of investment property, which are presented within investment properties and subject to the Corporation’s
                                       associated accounting policy.
                                       The lease liability is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method and is included within other liabilities.
                                       Interest expense on lease liabilities is included within financing charges.
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries do not recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that have a
                                       lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The lease payments associated with these leases are
                                       recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the term within operating and administrative expenses.
                                       Where the Corporation and its subsidiaries are the lessor under an operating lease for its investment property, the assets
                                       subject to the lease arrangement are presented within the balance sheets. Income from these leases is recognized in the
                                       statements of earnings on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
                                       Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee are classified as finance leases. Where
                                       the Corporation and its subsidiaries are the lessor under a finance lease, the investment is recognized as a receivable at an
                                       amount equal to the net investment in the lease, which is the present value of the minimum lease payments due from the
                                       lessee presented within the balance sheets. Payments received from the lessee are apportioned between the recognition of
                                       finance lease income and the reduction of the finance lease receivable. Income from the finance leases is recognized in the
                                       statements of earnings at a constant periodic rate of return on net investment in the finance lease.

                                       FUNDS HELD ON BEHALF OF CLIENTS AND CLIENT FUNDS PAYABLE
                                       Funds held on behalf of clients are measured at amortized cost and represents cash balances held in client accounts
                                       deposited primarily at Canadian financial institutions with the offset included in Client funds payable on the balance sheets.
                                       Client funds payable are financial liabilities measured at amortized cost.
                                       Interest income is earned on funds held on behalf of clients and is included in net investment income. Interest expense paid
                                       on client funds payable is included in operating and administrative expenses.

                                       OTHER ASSETS
                                       Other assets include accounts and interest receivable, securities borrowed, trading account assets, deferred acquisition costs,
                                       deferred selling commissions, prepaid expenses, and other miscellaneous assets which are measured at amortized cost.
                                       Other assets also include funds held under investment contracts, which comprises cash and cash equivalents, bonds,
                                       mortgages and other miscellaneous assets, which are measured in accordance with the Corporation’s corresponding
                                       accounting policies.
                                       Securities borrowed represent the legal and financial right arising from lending a client's fully paid securities to counterparties
                                       in exchange for cash collateral, including the right to recover that cash collateral when the securities are returned.



                                           A  114                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Trading account assets includes the investments of Lifeco’s consolidated collateralized loan obligations (CLOs), sponsored
funds, open-ended investment companies and sponsored unit trusts, which are carried at fair value based on the net asset
value of these funds with realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in the statements of earnings.
Each CLO is a special purpose vehicle that owns a portfolio of investments, consisting primarily of senior secured loans, and
issues various tranches of senior and subordinated notes to third parties for the purpose of financing the purchase of those
investments. Assets of the special purpose vehicle, the senior secured loans, are included in other assets and the associated
liabilities, the senior and subordinated notes issued to third parties, are included in other liabilities on the balance sheets.

Deferred Acquisition Costs
Deferred acquisition costs related to investment contracts and service contracts are recognized as assets if the costs are
incremental and incurred due to the contract being issued. Deferred acquisition costs are amortized on a straight-line basis
over the term of the contract, not exceeding 20 years.

Deferred Selling Commissions
Commissions are paid on investment product sales where a fee is either received directly from the client or is received directly
from the investment fund.
Commissions paid on investment product sales where fees are earned from a client are capitalized and amortized over their
estimated useful lives, not exceeding a period of seven years. The Corporation regularly reviews the carrying value of deferred
selling commissions with respect to any events or circumstances that indicate impairment. Among the tests performed to
assess recoverability is the comparison of the future economic benefits derived from the deferred selling commission asset
in relation to its carrying value.
All other commissions paid on investment product sales are expensed as incurred.

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES HELD FOR SALE AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
Disposal groups are classified as held for sale when it has been determined that the carrying amount will be recovered
through a sale transaction rather than continuing use. The disposal group is measured at the lower of its carrying amount and
fair value less cost to sell. Individual assets and liabilities in a disposal group not subject to these measurement requirements
include financial assets, investment properties and insurance contract liabilities. These assets and liabilities are measured in
accordance with the relevant accounting policies described for those assets and liabilities included in this note before the
disposal group as a whole is measured at the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell. Any impairment loss
for the disposal group is recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount for the portion of the disposal group under the
measurement requirements for IFRS 5, Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.
Disposal group assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately on the balance sheets.
A disposal group qualifies as a discontinued operation if it is a component of an entity for which operations and cash flows
can be clearly distinguished from the rest of the corporation, that either has been disposed of, or is classified as held for sale,
and:
  Represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations;
  Is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations; or
  Is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.
Classification as a discontinued operation occurs at the earlier of disposal and when the operation meets the criteria to be
classified as held for sale.
Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount in net
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations in the statements of earnings and the comparative statements of earnings is re-
presented as if the operation had been discontinued from the beginning of the comparative year. Gains and losses from
disposal groups qualified as discontinued operations under IFRS 5 are presented separately in the statements of earnings.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              A  115
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       BUSINESS COMBINATIONS, GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                       Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. Goodwill represents the excess of purchase
                                       consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any
                                       accumulated impairment losses.
                                       Intangible assets comprise finite life and indefinite life intangible assets. Finite life intangible assets include the value of
                                       technology and software, certain customer contracts and power purchase agreements. Intangible assets with finite lives are
                                       amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives as follows: i) technology and software (3 to 20 years);
                                       ii) customer contract-related (7 to 30 years); and iii) power purchase agreements (5 to 35 years).
                                       Indefinite life intangible assets include brands, trademarks and trade names, certain customer contracts, mutual fund
                                       management contracts and the shareholders’ portion of acquired future participating account profit. Amounts are classified
                                       as indefinite life intangible assets based on an analysis of all the relevant factors, and when there is no foreseeable limit to the
                                       period over which the asset is expected to generate net cash inflows. The identification of indefinite life intangible assets is
                                       made by reference to relevant factors such as product life cycles, potential obsolescence, industry stability and competitive
                                       position. Following initial recognition, indefinite life intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated impairment
                                       losses.

                                       Impairment Testing
                                       Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for
                                       impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Indefinite life intangible assets
                                       that were previously impaired are reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal.
                                       Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units or to groups of cash generating
                                       units (CGUs), representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill and
                                       indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the CGUs to the recoverable
                                       amount of the CGUs to which the goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been allocated.
                                       An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The
                                       recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less cost of disposal or value in use, which is calculated using the
                                       present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to be generated.
                                       Finite life intangible assets are reviewed at least annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment and the
                                       amortization period and method are reviewed and adjusted if necessary. If indicators of impairment have been identified, a
                                       test for impairment is performed and impairment is recognized as necessary.

                                       SEGREGATED FUNDS
                                       Segregated fund assets and liabilities arise from contracts where all financial risks associated with the related assets are borne
                                       by policyholders and are presented separately in the balance sheets. The assets and liabilities are set equal to the fair value
                                       of the underlying asset portfolio. Segregated fund contacts are classified as insurance contracts or investment contracts
                                       following the classification criteria described in the accounting policy for insurance contracts, investment contracts and
                                       reinsurance contracts held. Investment income and changes in fair value of the segregated fund assets are offset by
                                       corresponding changes in the segregated fund liabilities. Guarantees on the segregated fund products are accounted for
                                       within insurance contract liabilities on the balance sheets.

                                       INSURANCE CONTRACTS, INVESTMENT CONTRACTS AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD

                                       Contract Classification
                                       INSURANCE CONTRACTS
                                       Insurance contracts are identified as arrangements where Lifeco accepts significant insurance risk from another party (the
                                       policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder or beneficiary of the contract for specified uncertain future events
                                       that adversely affect the policyholder and for which the amount and timing are unknown.
                                       Lifeco determines whether a contract contains significant insurance risk by assessing if an insured event could cause Lifeco to
                                       pay to the policyholder additional amounts that are significant in any single scenario with commercial substance, even if the
                                       insured event is extremely unlikely or the expected present value of the contingent cash flows is a small proportion of the
                                       expected present value of the remaining cash flows from the insurance contract. In making this assessment, Lifeco considers
                                       all its substantive rights and obligations, whether they arise from contract, law or regulation.




                                           A  116                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
When Lifeco issues insurance contracts to compensate another entity for claims arising from one or more insurance contracts
issued by that other entity, the associated contracts are reinsurance contracts issued, which is part of insurance contracts
issued.

INVESTMENT CONTRACTS
In the absence of significant insurance risk, Lifeco classifies contracts as investment contracts or service contracts. Investment
contracts with discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 17 and investment contracts
without discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 9. Lifeco has not classified any contracts
as investment contracts with discretionary participating features.
Investment contracts may be reclassified as insurance contracts after inception if insurance risk becomes significant. A contract
that is classified as an insurance contract at contract inception remains as such until all rights and obligations under the
contract are extinguished or expire. Investment contracts are contracts that carry financial risk, which is the risk of a possible
future change in one or more of the following: interest rate, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, or credit rating. Refer
to Note 23 for a discussion of Lifeco’s risk management.
Investment contracts are measured at FVPL in order to eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mismatch that would
otherwise arise from measuring the assets that back the contract on different bases.

REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD
Lifeco enters into arrangements to transfer insurance risk, along with the respective premiums, to one or more reinsurers that
will share the risks. To the extent that assuming reinsurers are unable to meet their obligations, Lifeco remains liable to its
policyholders for the portion reinsured. Contracts of this nature are defined as reinsurance contracts held.

Separating Components from Insurance and Reinsurance Contracts
At inception, the following components from an insurance or reinsurance contract held are separated and accounted for as if
they were standalone financial instruments:
  Embedded derivatives: derivatives embedded in the contract which have economic characteristics and risks that are not
    closely related to those of the host contract, and which have terms that would not meet the definition of an insurance or
    reinsurance contract held as a standalone instrument; and
  Distinct investment components: investment components that are not highly interrelated with the insurance components
    and for which contracts with equivalent terms are sold, or could be sold, separately in the same market or the same
    jurisdiction.
After separating any financial instrument components, Lifeco also separates any promises to transfer distinct goods or non-
insurance services to policyholders and accounts for them as separate contracts with customers in accordance with IFRS 15,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers. A good or service is distinct if the policyholder can benefit from it either on its own
or with other resources that are readily available to the policyholder. A good or service is not distinct and is accounted for
together with the insurance component if the cash flows and risks associated with the good or service are highly interrelated
with the cash flows and risks associated with the insurance component, and Lifeco provides a significant service of integrating
the good or service with the insurance component.

Level of Aggregation
The level of aggregation for insurance contracts issued is determined by dividing the business written into portfolios.
Portfolios comprise groups of contracts with similar risks which are managed together. Lifeco has defined portfolios of
insurance contracts issued based on its product lines. Portfolios are further disaggregated into groups of contracts that are
issued within an annual period (typically a financial year) and are further divided into: onerous contracts, contracts that have
no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently, and all other contracts. An insurance contract is onerous if, at
the date of initial recognition, the estimated fulfillment cash flow expectations determined on a probability-weighted basis is
a net outflow. Lifeco’s evaluation of whether contracts are onerous is based on reasonable and supportable information. Lifeco
has not identified any groups of insurance contracts that have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently.
In determining groups of contracts, Lifeco has elected to include in the same group contracts where its ability to set prices or
levels of benefits for policyholders with different characteristics is constrained by regulation. Contracts are aggregated into
groups once they have been initially recognized.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             A  117
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Lifeco has defined portfolios of reinsurance contracts held based on the portfolios of the underlying insurance contracts
                                       issued. Groups of reinsurance contracts held that are entered into within an annual period (typically a financial year) are
                                       divided based on whether they are in a net gain or net loss position at initial recognition.
                                       Some reinsurance contracts held provide cover for underlying contracts that are included in different groups. However, these
                                       contracts’ legal form of a single contract reflects the substance of Lifeco’s contractual rights and obligations, considering that
                                       the different remaining coverages lapse together and are not sold separately. As a result, the reinsurance contract held is not
                                       separated into multiple insurance components that relate to different underlying groups.

                                       Initial Recognition
                                       A group of insurance contracts issued is recognized from the earliest of:
                                         The beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts;
                                         The date when the first payment from a policyholder in the group becomes due or when the first payment is received if
                                           there is no due date; and
                                         For a group of onerous contracts, when the group becomes onerous if facts and circumstances indicate there is such a
                                           group.
                                       A group of reinsurance contracts held is recognized on the following date:
                                         Reinsurance contracts held initiated by Lifeco that provide proportionate coverage: the date on which any underlying
                                           insurance contract is initially recognized;
                                         Other reinsurance contracts held initiated by Lifeco: the beginning of the coverage period of the group of reinsurance
                                           contracts. However, if Lifeco recognizes an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts on an earlier date and the
                                           related reinsurance contract held was entered into before that earlier date, then the group of reinsurance contracts held
                                           is recognized on that earlier date; and
                                         Reinsurance contracts held that are acquired by Lifeco: the date of acquisition.

                                       Contract Boundaries
                                       The measurement of a group of insurance and reinsurance contracts held includes all the future cash flows within the
                                       boundary of each contract in the group. Cash flows are within the boundary of a contract if they arise from substantive rights
                                       and obligations that exist during the reporting period in which Lifeco can compel the policyholder to pay the premiums (or is
                                       compelled to pay amounts to a reinsurer), or in which Lifeco has a substantive obligation to provide the policyholder with
                                       services (or receive services from a reinsurer). A substantive obligation to provide services ends when:
                                         Lifeco has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the particular policyholder and, as a result, can set a price or level
                                           of benefits that fully reflects those risks, or
                                         Both the following criteria are satisfied:
                                            Lifeco has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the portfolio of insurance contracts that contains the contract and,
                                             as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects the risk of that portfolio; and
                                            The pricing of the premiums for coverage up to the date when the risks are reassessed does not take into account the
                                             risks that relate to periods after the reassessment date.
                                       For reinsurance contracts held, a substantive obligation to receive services ends when the reinsurer has the practical ability
                                       to reassess the risk transferred to it and, as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects those risks, or the
                                       reinsurer has the substantive right to terminate the coverage.
                                       For insurance contracts with renewal periods, Lifeco assesses whether premiums and related cash flows that arise from the
                                       renewed contract are within the contract boundary. The pricing of renewals is established by Lifeco after considering the risks
                                       and terms of coverage for the policyholder, with reference to the pricing of contracts with equivalent risks and terms on the
                                       renewal dates. Lifeco reassesses the contract boundary of each group at the end of each reporting period.
                                       Liabilities or assets relating to expected premiums or claims outside the boundary of the insurance contract are not recognized
                                       as these amounts relate to future insurance contracts.




                                           A  118                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Measurement of Insurance Contracts
There are three measurement models provided by IFRS 17 to measure insurance contracts:
  The General Measurement Model;
  The Variable Fee Approach; and
  The Premium Allocation Approach.

General Measurement Model (GMM)
Lifeco applies this model to its medium- to long-term insurance products, such as individual protection, payout annuities, and
longevity swaps.

INITIAL MEASUREMENT
On initial recognition, a group of insurance contracts is measured as the total of the fulfillment cash flows and the CSM.

FULFILLMENT CASH FLOWS
Fulfillment cash flows comprise probability-weighted estimates of future cash flows, discounted to reflect the time value of
money and the associated financial risks, plus a risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
Lifeco estimates future contractual cash flows within the contracts’ boundary by considering evidence from current and past
conditions, as well as possible future conditions, to reflect market and non-market variables impacting the valuation of cash
flows. The estimates of these cash flows are based on probability-weighted expected values that reflect the average of a full
range of possible outcomes and include an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk. The risk adjustment is the
compensation Lifeco receives in fulfilling an insurance contract that arises from uncertainties surrounding the amount and
timing of cash flows for non-financial risks. The non-financial risk assumptions are mortality, longevity, morbidity, lapse, and
expense. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically for appropriateness in reflecting current, past, and future
conditions.
When estimating fulfillment cash flows, Lifeco includes all cash flows that are within the contract boundary including:
  Premiums and related cash flows;
  Claims and benefits, including reported claims not yet paid, incurred claims not yet reported and expected future claims;
  Premium and other transaction-based taxes and cash flows from loans to policyholders;
  Insurance acquisition cash flows which are allocated to groups of contracts on a systematic and rational basis;
  Other fixed and variable expenses directly attributable to the fulfillment of insurance contracts;
  Investment expenses incurred in investment activities related to underlying items such as universal life funds and
    segregated fund account balances; and
  The impact of funds withheld for reinsurance contracts issued to manage credit risk.

CONTRACTUAL SERVICE MARGIN
The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that Lifeco expects to recognize in the future as it
provides services under those contracts.
On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for
insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous.
In this case, the CSM is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or
expenses arising on initial recognition.

DISCOUNT RATES
Lifeco measures the time value of money using discount rates that are consistent with observable market prices and reflect
the liquidity characteristics of the insurance contracts. They exclude the effect of factors that influence such observable market
prices but do not affect the future cash flows of the insurance contracts (e.g., credit risk).




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                             A  119
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Lifeco applies the top-down approach for insurance contract liabilities that have assets backing them. Under this approach,
                                       discount rates are estimated by starting from the yield curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets that closely reflects the
                                       duration, currency, and liquidity characteristics of the insurance cash flows, and then excluding the effects of risks (e.g., credit
                                       risk) present in the cash flows from the financial instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but not in the insurance
                                       contract cash flows. The allowance for credit risk in the discount rate varies depending on the credit rating, sector and term
                                       of the assets reflected in the discount rate. The allowance is estimated based on historic credit experience and prevailing
                                       market conditions. For example, if there is a significant widening of market credit spreads, an additional allowance for credit
                                       risk to reduce the discount rate may be required to reflect prevailing market conditions. Lifeco uses the fixed income assets
                                       supporting the insurance contract liabilities as the reference portfolio to determine the discount rates in the observable
                                       period, while the discount rates in the unobservable period are based on an ultimate investment rate. In situations where the
                                       fixed-income assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities do not appropriately reflect the illiquidity characteristics of
                                       the liability, an additional adjustment is made to the discount rate.
                                       In cases where the insurance contract liabilities are not backed by assets, Lifeco applies the bottom-up approach to set the
                                       discount rate. This approach uses a risk-free rate, plus a spread to reflect the liquidity characteristics of the liability. Risk-free
                                       rates are determined by reference to highly liquid government securities in the currency of the insurance contract liability,
                                       and the spread is derived from an external benchmark.

                                       RISK ADJUSTMENT
                                       The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that Lifeco requires for bearing uncertainty in the
                                       amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk. Non-financial risks are insurance risks such as
                                       life mortality, annuity mortality and morbidity, and other risks such as expense and lapse. The risk adjustment is calculated by
                                       applying a margin to non-financial assumptions and discounting the resulting margin cash flows at the same discount rates
                                       as the best estimate cash flows. The margins applied reflect diversification benefits across all non-financial risks. Lifeco’s target
                                       range for the confidence level of the risk adjustment is between the 85th and 90th percentile, and the risk adjustment is
                                       currently within the target range. The confidence level is determined on a net-of-reinsurance basis.

                                       INSURANCE ACQUISITION CASH FLOWS
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows arise from selling and underwriting activities required to initiate a group of contracts.
                                       Any assets or liabilities for insurance acquisition cash flows recognized before the corresponding insurance contracts are
                                       recognized and included in the carrying amount of the related groups of insurance contracts issued. Judgments are applied
                                       by management of Lifeco to determine which costs are directly attributable to the issuance of a group of contracts and the
                                       portion of those costs that are allocated to groups of contracts arising from expected renewals.
                                       The asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if facts and circumstances
                                       indicate that impairment may have occurred. In testing for impairment, the carrying value of the asset is compared to the
                                       expected net cash inflow for the related group of insurance contracts.
                                       Additionally, if a portion of the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows has been allocated to future renewals of the related
                                       group of contracts, the carrying value of the asset is compared to the expected net cash inflow for those expected renewals.
                                       If the carrying value exceeds the expected net cash inflows described above, a loss is recognized in the insurance service
                                       result. In the event that facts and circumstances indicate the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is no longer impaired,
                                       the impairment loss, or a portion thereof, is reversed.

                                       SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT
                                       The carrying amount of a group of insurance contracts at each reporting date is the sum of the liability for remaining coverage
                                       and the liability for incurred claims. The liability for remaining coverage comprises the fulfillment cash flows that relate to
                                       services that will be provided under the contracts in future periods and any remaining CSM at that date. The liability for
                                       incurred claims comprises the fulfillment cash flows for incurred claims and expenses that have not yet been paid, including
                                       claims that have been incurred but not yet reported.
                                       The fulfillment cash flows for groups of insurance contracts are measured at the reporting date using current estimates of
                                       future cash flows, current discount rates and current estimates of risk adjustment for non-financial risk.




                                           A  120                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
For a group of insurance contracts, the carrying amount of the CSM of the group at the end of the reporting period equals
the carrying amount at the start of the reporting period, adjusted for:
  The CSM of any new contracts that are added to the group in the period;
  Interest accreted on the carrying amount of the CSM during the period, measured at the discount rates on nominal cash
    flows that do not vary based on the returns on any underlying items determined on initial recognition;
  The changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to future services (measured using initial recognition discount rates),
    except to the extent that:
     Any increases in the fulfillment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the CSM, in which case the excess is
      recognized as a loss in the statements of earnings and creates a loss component; or
     Any decreases in the fulfillment cash flows are allocated to the loss component, reversing losses previously recognized
      in the statements of earnings;
  The effect of any foreign currency exchange differences on the CSM; and
  The amount recognized as insurance revenue because of the services provided in the period.
The changes in fulfillment cash flows relating to future services that adjust the CSM comprise:
  Experience adjustments arising from premium and premium-related cash flows received in the period that relate to future
    services;
  Changes in both estimates of the present value of future cash flows and risk adjustment in the liability for remaining
    coverage, measured at the discount rates determined on initial recognition, except for those that relate to the effects of
    the time value of money and financial risk changes; and
  Differences between any investment components not separated from the contract expected to become payable in the
    period (after allowing for financial experience variance) and the actual investment component that becomes payable in
    the period, measured at the discount rates determined on initial recognition.
Changes in expected future discretionary cash flows are regarded as an assumption relating to future services and accordingly
adjust the CSM.
Changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to current or past service are recognized in the statements of earnings as part of
the insurance service result. Changes that relate to the effects of the time value of money and financial risk are recognized in
insurance finance income or expenses.

Variable Fee Approach (VFA)
This model is applied to Lifeco’s contracts with direct participating features such as participating insurance and segregated
fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool
of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).

RECOGNITION
An insurance contract is recognized under the VFA if it meets all of the following conditions at initial recognition:
  The policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of underlying items;
  Lifeco expects to pay the policyholder an amount equal to a substantial share of the returns from the underlying items;
    and
  The substantial proportion of the cash flows Lifeco expects to pay to the policyholder is expected to vary with cash flows
    from the underlying items.
Lifeco performs the test for VFA qualification at initial recognition.

INITIAL MEASUREMENT
Similar to the GMM, the VFA initially measures the insurance contract liabilities as the fulfillment cash flows plus CSM.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               A  121
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       SUBSEQUENT MEASUREMENT
                                       For a group of insurance contracts applying the VFA, the carrying amount of the CSM of the group at the end of the reporting
                                       period equals the carrying amount at the beginning of the reporting period adjusted for the following:
                                         The effect of any new contracts added to the group;
                                         Lifeco’s share of the change in the fair value of the underlying items, except to the extent that:
                                            Lifeco has a previously documented risk management objective and strategy for using derivatives to mitigate financial
                                             risk arising from the insurance contracts, as it does for the insured assets contracts;
                                            Lifeco’s share of a decrease in the fair value of the underlying items exceeds the carrying amount of the CSM, giving
                                             rise to a loss; or
                                            Lifeco’s share of an increase in the fair value of the underlying items reverses the amount previously recognized as a loss;
                                         The changes in fulfillment cash flows, relating to future service, except to the extent that:
                                            Lifeco has a previously documented risk management objective and strategy for using derivatives to mitigate financial
                                             risk arising from the insurance contracts, as it does for insured assets contracts;
                                            Such increases in the fulfillment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the CSM, giving rise to a loss; or
                                            Such decreases in the fulfillment cash flows are allocated to the loss component of the liability for remaining coverage;
                                         The effect of any foreign currency exchange differences on the CSM; and
                                         The amount recognized as insurance revenue because of the services provided in the period.

                                       RISK MITIGATION
                                       Lifeco mitigates the financial risks created by guarantees embedded in some of its insurance contracts with direct participation
                                       features through the use of derivatives and reinsurance contracts held. The derivatives are in the scope of IFRS 9 with changes
                                       in their fair value reflected in the statements of earnings. In applying risk mitigation, the financial impact on the guarantees
                                       embedded in these direct participating contracts does not adjust the CSM and is also reflected in the statements of earnings.

                                       Premium Allocation Approach (PAA)
                                       This model is applied to Lifeco’s short-term insurance products, such as group life and health.

                                       RECOGNITION
                                       Contracts with coverage periods of one year or less
                                       The PAA is applied to measure the liability for remaining coverage of insurance contracts with coverage periods of one year
                                       or less.
                                       Contracts with coverage periods of more than one year
                                       The PAA is applied to contracts with coverage periods longer than one year that are relatively stable and have low variability
                                       in fulfillment cash flows. The low variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates there is no material difference in the liability for
                                       remaining coverage measured under the PAA as compared to the GMM. Generally, this applies to products with rate
                                       guarantees between 2 and 5 years.
                                       New groups of insurance contracts are assessed to determine whether they can be measured using the PAA at initial
                                       recognition.
                                       The eligibility test for the PAA model will not be subsequently performed after initial recognition unless there are substantial
                                       changes to the terms of the groups of insurance contracts.

                                       MEASUREMENT
                                       Initial measurement of the liability for remaining coverage
                                       On initial recognition, the liability for remaining coverage is initially measured as the premiums received in the period minus
                                       any insurance acquisition cash flows not expensed, plus or minus any amount caused by the derecognition of an acquisition
                                       cash flow asset or liability which represents any acquisition costs that were paid before the contracts were recognized.
                                       Insurance acquisition costs are included as fulfillment cash flows of the liability and are allocated over the contract boundary
                                       on a straight-line basis. For contracts with expected future renewals, a portion of the acquisition costs is capitalized as an asset
                                       and deferred until the future contract renewals are recognized.




                                           A  122                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The fulfillment cash flows of contracts with coverage periods of more than one year are discounted to reflect the impact of
financial risk on the contract. The discount rates used reflect the characteristics of the contract cash flows. For contracts where
premiums are received within one year of the coverage period, Lifeco has elected not to adjust the liability for the time value
of money.
Subsequent measurement
At the end of each reporting period, the liability for remaining coverage for contracts under the PAA is measured as the
carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage at the beginning of the period, adjusted for the following to:
  Add the premiums received in the period;
  Deduct any insurance acquisition cash flows during the period not directly expensed;
  Add the amortization of acquisition cash flows, plus any adjustments to a financing component;
  Deduct the amount recognized as insurance revenue for the coverage provided in the period; and
  Deduct any investment components paid or transferred to the liability for incurred claims.
If circumstances indicate that a contract under the PAA model has become onerous, a loss is immediately recognized in the
statements of earnings, and a separate component of the liability for remaining coverage is created to record this loss
component. The loss is measured as the difference between the fulfillment cash flows that relate to the remaining coverage
of the group and the current carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage using the measurement described above.
The liability for incurred claims is measured under the same approach as the GMM, which is the fulfillment cash flows related
to incurred claims. When claims are expected to be settled less than one year after being incurred, Lifeco has elected not to
discount the liability for incurred claims.

Measurement of Reinsurance Contracts Held
GENERAL MEASUREMENT MODEL
The accounting policies used to measure a group of insurance contracts under the GMM apply to the measurement of a group
of reinsurance contracts held, with the following modifications:
  The carrying amount of a group of reinsurance contracts held at each reporting date is the sum of the remaining coverage
    component and the incurred claims component. The remaining coverage component comprises:
     The fulfillment cash flows that relate to services that will be received under the contracts in future periods; and
     Any remaining CSM at that date.
Lifeco measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows using assumptions that are consistent with those used
to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance contracts, with an adjustment
for any risk of non-performance by the reinsurer. The effect of the non-performance risk of the reinsurer is assessed at each
reporting date and the effect of changes in the non-performance risk is recognized in the statements of earnings.
The risk adjustment for non-financial risk is the amount of the risk transferred by Lifeco to the reinsurer.
On initial recognition, the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held represents a net cost or net gain on purchasing
reinsurance. It is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized
assets for cash flows occurring before the recognition of the group, any cash flows arising at that date and any income
recognized in the statements of earnings because of onerous underlying contracts recognized at that date. However, if any
net cost on purchasing reinsurance coverage relates to insured events that occurred before the purchase of the group, then
the cost is immediately recognized in the statements of earnings as an expense.
Lifeco adjusts the carrying amount of the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held at the end of a reporting period to
reflect changes in the fulfillment cash flows applying the same approach as for insurance contracts issued, except when the
underlying contract is onerous and the change in the fulfillment cash flows for underlying insurance contracts is recognized
in profit or loss by adjusting the loss component. The respective changes in reinsurance contracts held are also recognized in
profit and loss (adjusting the loss recovery component).
Funds withheld under reinsurance contracts held to manage credit risk are included in the carrying amount of the reinsurance
contracts held asset.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              A  123
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PREMIUM ALLOCATION APPROACH
                                       Lifeco reinsures some of its direct insurance contracts liabilities. The reinsurance contracts held that are eligible for the PAA
                                       and have underlying direct contracts measured under the PAA are also classified and measured under the PAA.

                                       ONEROUS UNDERLYING INSURANCE CONTRACTS
                                       Lifeco adjusts the CSM of the group to which a reinsurance contract held belongs and as a result recognizes income when it
                                       recognizes a loss on initial recognition of onerous underlying contracts, if the reinsurance contract held is entered into before
                                       or at the same time as the onerous underlying contracts are recognized. The adjustment to the CSM is determined by
                                       multiplying:
                                         The amount of the loss that relates to the underlying contracts; and
                                         The percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that Lifeco expects to recover from the reinsurance contracts held.
                                       For reinsurance contracts held that are acquired by Lifeco in a transfer of contracts or a business combination covering
                                       onerous underlying contracts, the adjustment to the CSM is determined by multiplying:
                                         The amount of the loss component that relates to the underlying contracts at the date of acquisition; and
                                         The percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that Lifeco expects at the date of acquisition to recover from the
                                           reinsurance contracts held.
                                       A loss-recovery component is created or adjusted for the group of reinsurance contracts held to depict the adjustment to the
                                       CSM, which determines the amounts that are subsequently presented in the statements of earnings as reversals of recoveries
                                       of losses from the reinsurance contracts held and are excluded from the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid in the net
                                       expense from reinsurance contracts held.

                                       Measurement of Investment Contracts
                                       Investment contracts are recognized when Lifeco becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the contract. At recognition,
                                       Lifeco measures an investment contract at its fair value. Transaction costs that are incremental and directly attributable to the
                                       acquisition or issue of the investment contract are expensed as incurred.
                                       When the fair value of the investment contract differs from the transaction price on initial recognition, Lifeco recognizes the
                                       difference as follows:
                                         When the fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability (i.e., a Level 1
                                           input) or based on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, the difference is recognized as a
                                           gain or loss.
                                         In all other cases, the difference is deferred, and the timing of recognition of deferred day one profit or loss is determined
                                           individually. It is either amortized over the life of the instrument, deferred until the instrument’s fair value can be
                                           determined using market observable inputs or realized through settlement.
                                       Investment contracts are subsequently measured at FVPL where the fair value is set to the higher of the market value of the
                                       assets supporting the liability balance and the result of discounting risk-adjusted cash flows rates derived from a reference
                                       portfolio or stochastic modelling. Lifeco’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that market participants would
                                       consider and make maximum use of observable market data.

                                       Coverage Units
                                       AMORTIZATION OF THE CONTRACTUAL SERVICE MARGIN
                                       The CSM is a component of the group of insurance contracts that represents the unearned profit Lifeco will recognize as it
                                       provides services in the future. An amount of the CSM for a group of insurance contracts is recognized in the statements of
                                       earnings as insurance revenue in each period to reflect the services provided under the group of insurance contracts in that
                                       period. The amount that is recognized in the statements of earnings for the current period is determined by identifying the
                                       coverage units in the group, allocating the CSM at the end of the period to each coverage unit provided in the current period
                                       and expected to be provided in the future periods.
                                       The number of coverage units in a group is the quantity of coverage provided by the contracts in the group, which is
                                       determined by considering the quantity of the benefits provided and the expected coverage duration.
                                       For reinsurance contracts issued, the number of coverage units in a group reflects the expected pattern of underwriting of
                                       the underlying contracts because the level of service provided depends on the number of underlying contracts in force.




                                           A  124                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
For reinsurance contracts held, the CSM amortization is similar to the reinsurance contracts issued and reflects the expected
pattern of underwriting of the underlying contracts because the level of service provided depends on the number of
underlying contracts in force.

Insurance Revenue
Insurance revenue depicts the provision of services arising from a group of insurance contracts at an amount that reflects the
consideration to which Lifeco expects to be entitled in exchange for those services. Insurance revenue from a group of
insurance contracts is therefore the relevant portion for the period of the total consideration for the contracts (i.e., the amount
of premiums paid to Lifeco adjusted for the financing effect (the time value of money) and excluding any investment
components).

Insurance Finance Income or Expenses
Insurance finance income or expenses comprises the change in the carrying amount of the group of insurance contracts
arising from:
  The effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of money; and
  The effect of financial risk and changes in financial risk.
The Corporation has elected to recognize insurance finance income or expenses in the statements of earnings.

Net Income or Expense from Reinsurance Contracts Held
The Corporation presents separately in the statements of earnings the amounts expected to be recovered from reinsurers,
and an allocation of the reinsurance premiums paid. Lifeco considers reinsurance cash flows that are contingent on claims on
the underlying contracts as part of the claims that are expected to be reimbursed under the reinsurance contract held, and
excludes investment components and commissions from an allocation of reinsurance premiums presented in the statements
of earnings. Amounts relating to the recovery of losses relating to reinsurance of onerous direct contracts are included as
amounts recoverable from the reinsurer.

Contract Modifications and Derecognition
CONTRACT MODIFICATIONS
When the terms of insurance contracts are modified, Lifeco assesses whether the modification is substantial enough to lead
to the derecognition of the original contract and recognition of a new modified contract as if it was entered for the first time.
If the contract modification does not lead to a re-recognition of the contract, then the effect of the modification is treated as
a change in the estimates of fulfillment cash flows which is recorded as an experience adjustment to the existing contract.

DERECOGNITION OF CONTRACTS
A contract is derecognized when it is extinguished, which is when the specified obligations in the contract expire or are
discharged or cancelled.
When an insurance contract not accounted for under the PAA is derecognized from within a group of insurance contracts:
  The fulfillment cash flows allocated to the group are adjusted to eliminate those that relate to the rights and obligations
    derecognized;
  The CSM of the group is adjusted for the change in the fulfillment cash flows, except where such changes are allocated
    to a loss component; and
  The number of coverage units for the expected remaining coverage is adjusted to reflect the coverage units
    derecognized from the group.
If a contract is derecognized because it is transferred to a third party, then the CSM is also adjusted for the premium charged
by the third party, unless the group is onerous.
When an insurance contract accounted for under the PAA is derecognized, adjustments to the fulfillment cash flows to remove
related rights and obligations and account for the effect of the derecognition result in the following amounts being charged
immediately to the statements of earnings:
  If the contract is extinguished: any net difference between the derecognized part of the liability for remaining coverage
    of the original contract and any other cash flows arising from extinguishment; and
  If the contract is transferred to the third party: any difference between the derecognized part of the liability for remaining
    coverage of the original contract and the premium charged by the third party.


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              A  125
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       DERECOGNITION OF SECURITIZED MORTGAGES
                                       IGM enters into transactions where it transfers financial assets recognized on its balance sheets. The determination of whether
                                       the financial assets are derecognized is based on the extent to which the risks and rewards of ownership are transferred.
                                       If substantially all of the risks and rewards of a financial asset are not retained, IGM derecognizes the financial asset. The gains
                                       or losses and the servicing fee revenue for financial assets that are derecognized are reported in net investment income in
                                       the statements of earnings.
                                       If all or substantially all risks and rewards are retained, the financial assets are not derecognized and the transactions are
                                       accounted for as secured financing transactions.

                                       DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
                                       Debentures and other debt instruments, including capital trust debentures, are initially recorded on the balance sheets at fair
                                       value and subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method with amortization expense recorded in
                                       financing charges in the statements of earnings. These liabilities are derecognized when the obligation is expired, cancelled
                                       or redeemed.
                                       Mortgages on investment properties are designated at FVPL upon initial recognition to eliminate or significantly reduce
                                       accounting mismatches and are remeasured at fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value recognized in the
                                       statements of earnings.

                                       OTHER LIABILITIES
                                       Other liabilities include accounts payable, securities loaned, bank overdraft, dividends and interest payable, lease liabilities,
                                       deferred income reserves, and other miscellaneous liabilities which are measured at amortized cost. Deferred income
                                       reserves related to investment contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis to recognize the initial policy fees over the
                                       policy term, not exceeding 20 years.
                                       Securities loaned represent the legal and financial obligation arising from cash received from counterparties in exchange for
                                       a client's fully paid securities, including the obligation to return the cash and maintain adequate collateral.
                                       Other liabilities also include notes of consolidated CLOs, which are classified as FVPL. Gains or losses are recognized in net
                                       investment income in the statements of earnings.
                                       Provisions are recognized within other liabilities when the Corporation or its subsidiaries have a present obligation, either
                                       legal or constructive, as a result of a past event, and it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to
                                       settle the obligation and a reliable estimate of the amount can be made. Provisions are measured based on management of
                                       the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ best estimate at the balance sheet date. The Corporation recognizes a provision for
                                       restructuring when a detailed formal plan for the restructuring has been established and the plan has raised a valid
                                       expectation in those affected that the restructuring will occur.
                                       Limited-life fund units represent the interest held by third parties in funds consolidated by the Corporation. These fund units
                                       have a defined maximum fixed life where the Corporation has an obligation to distribute the residual interests of the fund to
                                       its limited partners based on their proportionate share of the fund’s equity in the form of cash or other financial assets at the
                                       end of the fund’s life. Redeemable fund units represent interests held by third parties in funds consolidated by the Corporation
                                       that have a redemption feature that requires the fund to deliver cash or other financial assets to the holders of the units upon
                                       receiving a redemption notice. Limited-life funds and redeemable fund units are classified as financial liabilities and recorded
                                       at fair value. Changes in the value are recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings in the
                                       period of the change.

                                       PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain funded defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors,
                                       unfunded supplementary employee retirement plans (SERP) for eligible employees, and unfunded post-employment health,
                                       dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their dependants. The Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.
                                       The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average earnings. Expenses for
                                       defined benefit plans are actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method prorated on service, based upon
                                       management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ assumptions about discount rates, compensation increases,
                                       retirement ages of employees, mortality and expected health care costs. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ accrued benefit
                                       asset (liability) in respect to defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan by discounting the amount of the
                                       benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in current and prior periods and deducting the fair value of any
                                       plan assets.

                                           A  126                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries determine the net interest component of the pension expense for the period by applying
the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual period to the net accrued
benefit asset (liability), where the discount rate is determined by reference to market yields on high-quality corporate bonds.
If the plan benefits are changed, or a plan is curtailed, any past service costs or curtailment gains or losses are recognized
immediately in net earnings.
Net interest costs, administration expenses, current service costs, past service costs, plan amendments, and curtailment and
settlement gains or losses are recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.
Remeasurements represent actuarial gains and losses, the actual return on plan assets greater (less) than interest income, and
increases and decreases in the asset ceiling. Remeasurements are recognized immediately through other comprehensive
income and are not subsequently reclassified to net earnings.
The accrued benefit asset (liability) represents the plan surplus (deficit) and is included in other assets (other liabilities).
Contributions to the defined contribution plans are expensed as incurred.

INCOME TAXES
The income tax expense for the period represents the sum of current income tax and deferred income tax. Income tax is
recognized as an expense or recovery in the statements of earnings, except to the extent that it relates to items that are not
recognized in the statements of earnings (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case the
income tax is also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Current Income Tax
Current income tax is based on taxable income for the year. Current tax liabilities (assets) for the current and prior periods are
measured at the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) the taxation authorities using the rates that have been
enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in each respective jurisdiction. Current tax assets and current tax
liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to offset the recognized amounts and the entity intends either to settle
on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
A provision for tax treatment uncertainties which meet the probable threshold for recognition is measured using either the
most likely amount or the expected value, depending upon which method provides the better prediction of the resolution of
the uncertainty. The provision for tax uncertainties will be classified as current or deferred based on how a disallowance of
the underlying uncertain tax treatment would impact the tax provision accrual as of the balance sheet date.

Deferred Income Tax
Deferred income tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences arising between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of taxable income
and on unused tax attributes, and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are
generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is
probable that future taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences and unused tax attributes
can be utilized.
Recognition of deferred tax assets is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax
planning opportunities available to allow the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods
may adversely impact the assessment of the recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in
establishing the deferred tax assets. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial planning process provides a basis for the
measurement of deferred tax assets.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized or the
liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset, if a legally enforceable right exists to net current tax assets against
current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                 A  127
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
                                       longer probable that sufficient future taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized.
                                       Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognized to the extent that it has
                                       become probable that future taxable profits will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
                                       Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, jointly
                                       controlled corporations and associates, except where the group controls the timing of the reversal of the temporary
                                       differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                                       The Corporation applied the mandatory exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes, whereby it is not recognizing and disclosing
                                       information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to income taxes arising from the Pillar Two model rules published
                                       by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.

                                       DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries use derivative products as risk management instruments to hedge or manage revenues,
                                       asset, liability and capital positions. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ policies prohibit the use of derivative instruments
                                       for speculative trading purposes.
                                       Derivatives are measured at fair value and recorded on the balance sheets. The method of recognizing unrealized and realized
                                       fair value gains and losses depends on whether the derivatives are designated as hedging instruments. For derivatives that
                                       are not designated as hedging instruments, unrealized and realized gains and losses are recorded in net investment income
                                       in the statements of earnings. For derivatives designated as hedging instruments, unrealized and realized gains and losses
                                       are recognized according to the nature of the hedged item.
                                       Derivatives are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever possible, including market-based
                                       inputs to models, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency.
                                       When models are used, the selection of a particular model to value a derivative depends on the contractual terms of, and
                                       specific risks inherent in, the instrument, as well as the availability of pricing information in the market. The Corporation and
                                       its subsidiaries generally use similar models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of inputs,
                                       including contractual terms, market prices and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates and
                                       correlations of such inputs.
                                       As permitted under IFRS 9, the Corporation and its subsidiaries elected to continue to apply the hedge accounting principles
                                       under IAS 39, Financial Instruments, instead of those under IFRS 9. To qualify for hedge accounting, the relationship between
                                       the hedged item and the hedging instrument must meet several strict conditions on documentation, probability of
                                       occurrence, hedge effectiveness and reliability of measurement. If these conditions are not met, then the relationship does
                                       not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and both the hedged item and the hedging instrument are reported
                                       independently, as if there was no hedging relationship.
                                       Where a hedging relationship exists, the Corporation and its subsidiaries document all relationships between hedging
                                       instruments and hedged items, as well as their risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge
                                       transactions. This process includes linking derivatives that are used in hedging transactions to specific assets and liabilities on
                                       the balance sheets or to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Corporation and its subsidiaries also
                                       assess, both at the hedge’s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are
                                       effective in offsetting change in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. Hedge effectiveness is reviewed quarterly through
                                       correlation testing. Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedge no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.

                                       Fair Value Hedges
                                       Fair value hedges are used to manage the exposure to changes in fair value of a recognized asset or liability or an
                                       unrecognized firm commitment, or an identified portion of such an asset, liability or firm commitment, that is attributable to a
                                       particular risk and could affect profit or loss. For fair value hedges, the change in fair value of both the hedging instrument
                                       and the hedged item are recorded in net investment income and consequently any ineffective portion of the hedge is
                                       recorded immediately in net investment income.

                                       Cash Flow Hedges
                                       Cash flow hedges are used to manage the exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk associated
                                       with a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecasted transaction and could affect profit or loss. For cash flow
                                       hedges, the effective portion of the change in fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in other comprehensive
                                       income, while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in net investment income. Gains and losses on cash flow
                                       hedges that accumulate in other comprehensive income are recorded in net earnings in the same period the hedged item
                                       affects net earnings. Gains and losses on cash flow hedges are immediately reclassified from other comprehensive income to
                                       net investment income if and when a forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur.

                                           A  128                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 2    BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Net Investment Hedges
Net investment hedges are used to manage the exposure to changes in the reporting entity’s share in the net assets of a
foreign operation. For net investment hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument is
recorded in other comprehensive income while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in net investment income.
The unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on the instruments are recorded within other comprehensive income and will
be reclassified into net earnings when the investments are derecognized.

EQUITY
Preferred shares are classified as equity if they are non-redeemable or if they are retractable only at the Corporation’s option
and if any dividends are discretionary. Costs that are directly attributable to the issue of share capital are recognized as a
reduction from retained earnings, net of income tax.
Reserves are composed of share-based compensation and other comprehensive income. Share-based compensation reserve
represents the vesting of options less options exercised. Other comprehensive income represents the total of the unrealized
foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations, the unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net
investment in foreign operations, the actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit pension plans, the unrealized gains (losses)
on FVOCI assets, the unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, the re-evaluation surplus on transfer to investment
properties and the share of other comprehensive income of jointly controlled corporations and associates.
Non-controlling interests represent the proportion of equity that is attributable to minority shareholders of subsidiaries.

Limited Recourse Capital Notes
Limited recourse capital notes issued by Lifeco are classified as non-controlling interests in the financial statements. Lifeco
has the sole discretion to settle the obligation to noteholders through the issuance of a fixed number of Lifeco’s equity
instruments. Transaction costs incurred in connection with the issuance are charged to equity. Interest on these instruments
is recognized as a deduction from equity when incurred.

SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
Options granted to employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries are measured at fair value on the date of the grant.
Compensation expense for equity-settled options is recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements
of earnings over the vesting period of the granted options, with a corresponding increase in share-based compensation
reserve. When the options are exercised, the proceeds received, together with the amount recorded in share-based
compensation reserve, are included in the share capital of the entity issuing the corresponding shares.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries recognize a liability for cash-settled awards, including tandem share appreciation rights
and those granted under Performance Share Unit, Deferred Share Unit and Performance Restricted Share Unit plans.
Compensation expense is recognized in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings over the vesting
period, net of related hedges, and a liability is recognized on the balance sheets. The liability is remeasured at fair value at
each reporting period with the change in the liability recorded in operating and administrative expenses.
Information on the Corporation’s Performance Share Unit, Deferred Share Unit and Performance Restricted Share Unit plans
is included in Note 20.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
The Corporation and its subsidiaries operate with multiple functional currencies. The Corporation’s financial statements are
prepared in Canadian dollars, which is the functional and presentation currency of the Corporation.
Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into each entity’s functional currency at exchange rates
prevailing at the balance sheet date for monetary items and at exchange rates prevailing at the transaction date for non-monetary
items. Revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into each entity’s functional currency at an
average of daily rates. Realized and unrealized exchange gains and losses are included in net investment income.

Translation of Net Investment in Foreign Operations
Foreign operations are subsidiaries, jointly controlled corporations, associates and/or business units with functional
currencies other than the Canadian dollar. Assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the rate of exchange
prevailing at the balance sheet date and all revenues and expenses are translated at an average of daily rates. Unrealized
foreign currency translation gains and losses on the Corporation’s net investment in its foreign operations are presented as a
component of other comprehensive income. Unrealized foreign currency translation gains and losses are recognized
proportionately in net earnings when there has been a disposal of a foreign operation.


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  129
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 2 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       EARNINGS PER PARTICIPATING SHARE
                                       Basic earnings per participating share is determined by dividing net earnings available to participating shareholders by the
                                       weighted average number of participating shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings per participating share is
                                       determined using the same method as basic earnings per participating share, except that net earnings available to
                                       participating shareholders and the weighted average number of participating shares outstanding are adjusted to include the
                                       potential dilutive effect of outstanding stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries, as determined by the
                                       treasury stock method.
                                       Options with tandem share appreciation rights and Performance Restricted Units are accounted for as cash-settled share-
                                       based payments. As these instruments can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting shares or for cash, they are
                                       considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive
                                       impact during the year. The net earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these
                                       instruments been classified as equity-settled.

                                       COMPARATIVE FIGURES
                                       In 2025, the Corporation reclassified certain comparative figures for disclosure items to conform to the current year’s
                                       presentation. Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments have been disaggregated on the balance sheets to
                                       distinguish those issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM from those consolidated within the Alternative asset investment
                                       platforms and Other subsidiaries, which primarily represent project debt and other debt instruments of the Consolidated
                                       investment funds. The related cash flows within financing activities have also been disaggregated in the statements of cash
                                       flows. In addition, Other assets and Other liabilities have been disaggregated on the balance sheets to present Funds held
                                       on behalf of clients and Client funds payable separately. These reclassifications had no impact on the total assets, liabilities,
                                       equity, net earnings or total cash flows of the Corporation.

                                       FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries actively monitor changes in IFRS Accounting Standards, both proposed and released,
                                       by the IASB and analyze the effect that changes in the standards may have on the consolidated financial statements when they
                                       become effective. The following sets out standards released and updates to the Corporation’s analysis since the year ended
                                       December 31, 2024:
                                       Standard                      Summary of future changes

                                       IFRS 18 –                     In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18). The
                                       Presentation and Disclosure   standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their financial statements, with a
                                       in Financial Statements       focus on information about financial performance in the statements of earnings.
                                                                     IFRS 18 will require corporations to:
                                                                        Provide defined subtotals in the statements of earnings;
                                                                        Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the statements of
                                                                          earnings; and
                                                                        Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and whether to
                                                                          provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.
                                                                     The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier
                                                                     application permitted. The Corporation is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.

                                       IFRS 9 –                      In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7, Financial
                                       Financial Instruments and     Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with environmental,
                                                                     social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities through electronic
                                       IFRS 7 –                      payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance transparency for investors.
                                       Financial Instruments:
                                       Disclosures                   These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026. The
                                                                     Corporation does not anticipate an impact on its financial statements as a result of these amendments,
                                                                     except as indicated below:
                                                                       The Corporation will apply the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability (or
                                                                         part of a financial liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be derecognized before
                                                                         the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The Corporation will apply this election to all
                                                                         settlements made through electronic payment systems meeting the criteria, effective January 1, 2026.
                                                                        For cash settlement of financial liabilities not qualified for the election, the Corporation will derecognize
                                                                          the associated liabilities on the settlement date. The Corporation expects the adoption of these
                                                                          amendments will not have a material impact on the financial statements.
                                                                     These amendments will be applied retrospectively with no restatement to comparative balances.




                                            A  130                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 3 BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
LIFECO
Sale of United Kingdom Onshore Bond Business
On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K., a subsidiary of Lifeco, announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its
onshore bond business to Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties
entered into a reinsurance agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to
Countrywide. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 million pre-tax, mainly
driven by recognition of assets associated with the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities
on account of segregated fund policyholders, with a carrying value of $2,787 million as at December 31, 2025 ($2,750 million
at December 31, 2024), are to be transferred to Countrywide pending court approval, which is expected to occur in 2026.

SAGARD
BEX Capital (BEX)
In June 2025, SHMI, a subsidiary of Sagard, acquired a 45% strategic interest in BEX Capital, a specialized secondaries
investment firm with offices in Nice and New York. The agreement provides SHMI with a contractual obligation to acquire all
of the remaining equity of BEX on December 31, 2029. Upon closing of the transaction, the Corporation determined that it
has control of BEX, through Sagard, in accordance with IFRS 10, Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result, the
Corporation consolidated BEX on the date of acquisition. The transaction did not have a significant impact on the financial
statements.

Performance Equity Management (PEM)
In August 2025, SHMI acquired an additional 62.0% interest in PEM, increasing its economic interest to 100%, primarily in
exchange for Class B shares of PEM, which are expected to be settled on December 31, 2028. The Corporation continues to
have control of PEM, through SHMI, and the transaction did not have a significant impact on the financial statements.


NOTE 4 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                             December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                  2024

Cash                                                                                              7,845                 6,809
Cash equivalents                                                                                  6,521                 6,935
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        14,366                13,744

At December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents amounting to $869 million were restricted for use by subsidiaries
($1,195 million at December 31, 2024), primarily in respect of cash held in trust for reinsurance agreements or with regulatory
authorities, under certain indemnity arrangements, in escrow and held in trust for regulatory purposes.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  131
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 5 INVESTMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CARRYING VALUES AND FAIR VALUES
                                       Carrying values and estimated fair values of investments are as follows:

                                                                                                                                             December 31, 2025                                   December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                 Carrying                  Fair                       Carrying                 Fair
                                                                                                                                    value                 value                          value                value

                                       Bonds
                                         Designated as FVPL                                                                     159,124                 159,124                      151,279             151,279
                                         Classified as FVPL                                                                       2,108                   2,108                        1,987               1,987
                                         FVOCI                                                                                   13,040                  13,040                       13,758              13,758
                                         Amortized cost                                                                             595                     596                          376                 377
                                                                                                                                174,867                 174,868                      167,400             167,401
                                       Mortgage and other loans
                                         Designated as FVPL                                                                      26,139                  26,139                       29,046               29,046
                                         Classified as FVPL                                                                       6,350                   6,350                        4,886                4,886
                                         FVOCI                                                                                      269                     269                          461                  461
                                         Amortized cost                                                                          11,287                  10,964                       10,272                9,685
                                                                                                                                 44,045                  43,722                       44,665               44,078
                                       Shares
                                         Classified as FVPL                                                                      21,301                  21,301                       18,649              18,649
                                         Designated as FVOCI                                                                      1,043                   1,043                          923                 923
                                                                                                                                 22,344                  22,344                       19,572              19,572
                                       Investment properties                                                                      8,493                   8,493                        8,350               8,350
                                                                                                                                249,749                 249,427                      239,987             239,401
                                       N




                                       BONDS AND MORTGAGE AND OTHER LOANS
                                       Carrying value of bonds and mortgage and other loans by term to maturity is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                          Term to maturity
                                                                                                                                   1 year                                            Over
                                       December 31, 2025                                                                           or less               1-5 years                 5 years                    Total

                                       Bonds                                                                                     27,942                  54,296                   92,629                 174,867
                                       Mortgage and other loans ¹                                                                 8,069                  21,577                   14,399                  44,045
                                                                                                                                 36,011                  75,873                  107,028                 218,912



                                                                                                                                                                          Term to maturity
                                                                                                                                   1 year                                            Over
                                       December 31, 2024                                                                           or less               1-5 years                 5 years                    Total

                                       Bonds                                                                                     25,188                  49,507                   92,705                 167,400
                                       Mortgage and other loans ¹                                                                 5,799                  23,920                   14,946                  44,665
                                                                                                                                 30,987                  73,427                  107,651                 212,065
                                       1 Mortgage and other loans include equity-release mortgages which do not have a fixed redemption date. The maturity profile of the portfolio has therefore been estimated
                                         based on redemption experience.




                                            A  132                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 5     INVESTMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
NET INVESTMENT RESULT
                                                                                                                            Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                     2025                      2024

Investment return
   Net investment income                                                                                         10,608                    10,360
   Changes in FVPL                                                                                                4,241                     1,877
Total investment return                                                                                          14,849                    12,237

Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts
  Changes in fair values of underlying items of direct participating contracts                                   (4,700)                    (4,793)
  Effects of risk mitigation option                                                                                 240                         84
  Interest accreted                                                                                              (3,166)                    (3,810)
  Effect of changes in discount rates and other financial assumptions                                             1,045                      2,807
  Effect of measuring changes in estimates at current rates and
    adjusting the CSM at rates on initial recognition                                                               226                       (206)
Total net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                     (6,355)                    (5,918)

Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts
  Interest accreted                                                                                                    6                       342
  Other                                                                                                             (332)                     (352)
Total net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                      (326)                      (10)

Changes in investments contract liabilities                                                                      (5,002)                    (2,932)
Net investment result                                                                                             3,166                      3,377


Net Investment Income
                                                                                 Mortgage and             Investment
December 31, 2025                                                       Bonds      other loans   Shares    properties          Other            Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                              7,471          1,621       720          572             591          10,975
  Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
      FVOCI assets                                                          8               -         -            -                -             8
      Amortized cost assets                                                 -             12          -            -                -            12
  Net ECL (charge) recovery                                                 1              8          -            -              (4)             5
  Other income (expenses)                                                   -             18        (4)        (216)           (190)           (392)
                                                                        7,480          1,659       716          356             397          10,608
Changes in FVPL                                                         1,938         (1,748)    5,178         (137)           (990)          4,241
Net investment income (loss)                                            9,418            (89)    5,894          219            (593)         14,849


                                                                                 Mortgage and             Investment
December 31, 2024                                                       Bonds      other loans   Shares    properties          Other            Total

Net investment income
  Investment income earned                                             7,008           1,522      634          507              991          10,662
  Net realized gains (losses) on derecognition of:
      FVOCI assets                                                        (47)             -          -            -               -            (47)
      Amortized cost assets                                                  -             2          -            -               -              2
  Net ECL recovery                                                           -             7          -            -               -              7
  Other income (expenses)                                                    -            14        (9)        (195)            (74)           (264)
                                                                        6,961          1,545       625          312             917          10,360
Changes in FVPL                                                        (1,261)           601     1,890         (154)            801           1,877
Net investment income (loss)                                            5,700          2,146     2,515          158           1,718          12,237




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A  133
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 5    INVESTMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Investment income from bonds and mortgage and other loans includes interest income and premium and discount
                                       amortization. Income from shares includes dividends and distributions from equity investment funds and gains realized on
                                       deconsolidation of subsidiaries and investment funds. Investment properties income includes rental income earned on
                                       investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and subleased land, fee recoveries, lease cancellation income,
                                       and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment income and expenses includes
                                       expenses incurred by investment properties, foreign exchange gains and losses and other miscellaneous income.

                                       SECURITIES LENDING
                                       Lifeco engages in securities lending to generate additional income. Lifeco’s securities custodians are used as lending agents.
                                       Collateral, which exceeds the fair value of the loaned securities, is deposited by the borrower with Lifeco’s lending agent and
                                       maintained by the lending agent until the underlying security has been returned. The fair value of the loaned securities is
                                       monitored on a daily basis by the lending agent, which obtains or refunds additional collateral as the fair value of the loaned
                                       securities fluctuates. Collateral primarily consists of government bonds, investment-grade corporate bonds and cash.
                                       Included in the collateral deposited with Lifeco’s lending agent is cash collateral of $615 million at December 31, 2025
                                       ($219 million at December 31, 2024). In addition, the securities lending agent indemnifies Lifeco against borrower risk,
                                       meaning that the lending agent agrees contractually to replace securities not returned due to a borrower default. As at
                                       December 31, 2025, Lifeco had loaned securities (which are included in investments) with a fair value of $5,133 million
                                       ($4,212 million at December 31, 2024).




                                           A  134                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 6 INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The carrying values of the investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates are as follows:
                                                                        Jointly controlled
                                                                             corporations                                                             Associates
December 31, 2025                                                 Parjointco        Other ¹   ChinaAMC        Lion     Northleaf     Rockefeller       Other ¹ ²         Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                    3,683             413       1,661           -          354             903          1,787         8,801
  Acquisition and investments                                             -             14           -           -          100                -           231           345
  Disposal ³                                                              -             (1)          -           -            -            (394)          (118)         (513)
  Share of earnings (losses)                                          (263)             23         127           -           30              49             46            12
  Changes in FVPL                                                         -               -          -           -            -                -           450           450
  Share of other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                                       46               7         (10)          -             -            (37)           (51)          (45)
  Dividends and distributions                                         (175)            (14)        (66)          -           (9)               -          (500)         (764)
  Effects of changes in ownership and other                               -            (52)           -          -           (3)            (40)           (56)         (151)
Carrying value, end of year                                          3,291             390       1,712           -          472             481          1,789         8,135


                                                                       Jointly controlled
                                                                            corporations                                                              Associates
December 31, 2024                                                Parjointco         Other ¹   ChinaAMC        Lion      Northleaf     Rockefeller      Other ¹ ²         Total

Carrying value, beginning of year                                   3,717             564       1,535        181            302             845          1,008         8,152
  Acquisition and investments                                           -              36           -           -            40                -           820           896
  Disposal                                                              -            (468)          -           -             -                -             -          (468)
  Share of earnings (losses)                                           31             355         113        (35)            20             (14)            27           497
  Changes in FVPL                                                       -                -          -           -             -                -            32            32
  Impairment                                                            -                -          -       (153)             -                -             -          (153)
  Share of other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                                     (10)             36          86           7              -             72             59           250
  Dividends and distributions                                         (92)            (99)        (73)          -            (8)              -           (100)         (372)
  Effects of changes in ownership and other                            37             (11)           -          -              -              -            (59)          (33)
Carrying value, end of year                                         3,683             413       1,661           -           354             903          1,787         8,801
1 Includes investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
  to be measured at FVPL of $1,452 million at December 31, 2025 ($950 million in 2024).
2 Includes the investment in Desert Quartzite, LLC, a solar and storage project located in California. In 2025, the Corporation received distributions of $496 million primarily
  due to the closing of a financing transaction. The investment is classified as an associate with a carrying value of $84 million at December 31, 2025 ($594 million at
  December 31, 2024).
3 Includes a return of capital.


PARJOINTCO
At December 31, 2025, Parjointco held a 100% equity interest (100% of the voting rights) in Pargesa (unchanged from
December 31, 2024). Pargesa held a 34.2% equity interest (47.8% of the voting rights) in GBL at December 31, 2025 (32.9%
equity interest and 47.0% of the voting rights at December 31, 2024).
At December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s share of GBL’s net asset value is approximately $3,861 million. The carrying value
of the indirect investment in GBL is $3,291 million. For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue of GBL was €6,335 million
(C$9,997 million) (€6,376 million or C$9,448 million for the year ended December 31, 2024) and net losses attributable to
GBL’s common shareholders were €630 million (C$994 million) (net earnings attributable to GBL’s common shareholders
were €132 million or C$196 million for the year ended December 31, 2024). Other financial information for GBL can be
obtained from its publicly available information.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  A  135
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 6          INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       C HINA AMC
                                       At December 31, 2025, IGM Financial held an equity interest of 27.8% in ChinaAMC (unchanged from December 31, 2024).
                                       ChinaAMC is an asset management company established in Beijing, China. IGM accounts for its interest in ChinaAMC as an
                                       associate using the equity method.
                                       Summarized financial information for ChinaAMC is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                               2025                                  2024
                                                                                                                                    Canadian                 Chinese                  Canadian     Chinese
                                       [in millions]                                                                                  dollars               renminbi                    dollars   renminbi

                                       Balance sheet at December 31 ¹
                                         Assets                                                                                       4,364                  22,246                     3,992     20,234
                                         Liabilities                                                                                  1,403                   7,151                     1,243      6,302
                                       For the years ended December 31
                                         Revenue                                                                                      1,870                    9,626                    1,533      8,031
                                         Net earnings attributable to common shareholders                                               465                    2,396                      411      2,158
                                         Total comprehensive income                                                                     460                    2,368                      416      2,181
                                       1 Excludes fair value adjustments made at the time of acquisition of $3,248 million (RMB¥16,380 million).


                                       ROCKEFELLER CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
                                       At December 31, 2025, IGM held an equity interest of 17.2% in Rockefeller (20.5% at December 31, 2024), a U.S. independent
                                       financial services advisory firm focused on the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth segments. IGM accounts for its interest
                                       in Rockefeller as an associate using the equity method.
                                       In December 2025, IGM closed transactions with Rockefeller, receiving total proceeds of $394 million comprised primarily of
                                       a return of capital, as well as an equity sale. IGM’s interest decreased to 17.2% due to the equity sale and adjustment to certain
                                       previously issued share-based awards, which aligns Rockefeller’s management with long-term equity ownership. As a result,
                                       the investment’s carrying value decreased and a gain was recognized in the statements of earnings.
                                       Summarized financial information for Rockefeller is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                2025                                2024
                                                                                                                                     Canadian                      US                 Canadian         US
                                       [in millions]                                                                                   dollars                 dollars                  dollars    dollars

                                       Balance sheet at December 31
                                         Assets                                                                                        2,739                   1,996                    2,223      1,544
                                         Liabilities                                                                                   3,381                   2,463                    1,500      1,041
                                       For the years ended December 31
                                          Revenue                                                                                      1,763                   1,263                    1,344        981
                                          Net earnings (losses) attributable to common shareholders ¹                                     50                      36                      (72)       (53)
                                          Total comprehensive income (loss) ¹                                                             50                      36                      (72)       (53)
                                       1 Earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025 exclude one-time costs related to the transaction.




                                             A  136                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 6    INVESTMENTS IN JOINTLY CONTROLLED CORPORATIONS AND ASSOCIATES (continued)




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
NORTHLEAF CAPITAL GROUP LTD.
At December 31, 2025, IGM’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, and Lifeco held a 49.9% non-controlling voting interest and a 70%
economic interest in Northleaf, a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager, through an acquisition
vehicle 80% owned by Mackenzie and 20% owned by Lifeco (unchanged from December 31, 2024). The equity method is
used to account for the investment in Northleaf as Mackenzie and Lifeco exercise significant influence, through the acquisition
vehicle.
Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase the remaining economic and voting interest in Northleaf
commencing in approximately five years from the acquisition date on October 29, 2020, and extending into future periods.
The acquisition included additional consideration payable at the end of five years from the transaction date, subject to
Northleaf achieving exceptional growth in certain performance measures over the period. In 2025, final consideration of
$140 million was achieved and paid, of which $100 million and $40 million was reflected as an increase in the carrying value
of the investment for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The net earnings of Northleaf are not significant to the results of the Corporation.

LION ELECTRIC CO.
In May 2025, Lion completed a restructuring transaction under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement Act ("CCAA"). As a
result, all issued and outstanding common shares and warrants of Lion were cancelled without consideration. The Corporation
held a 34.1% equity interest in Lion at December 31, 2024. In 2024, the Corporation recorded impairment charges of
$153 million.

PEAK ACHIEVEMENT ATHLETICS INC.
On December 23, 2024, the Corporation completed the sale of its 42.6% interest in Peak to Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited.
On close of the transaction, the Corporation received proceeds of $468 million and recognized a net gain of $279 million.
The investment in Peak was classified as a jointly controlled corporation.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  137
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 7 OWNER-OCCUPIED PROPERTIES AND CAPITAL ASSETS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The carrying value and the changes in the carrying value of owner-occupied properties and capital assets are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                        Capital assets
                                                                                                                       Right-of-use   Owner-occupied                   Power
                                       December 31, 2025                                                                   assets ²        properties       generating assets                  Other             Total

                                       Cost, beginning of year                                                              1,311                1,157                  4,589                 2,050            9,107
                                         Additions ¹                                                                           77                  118                    460                   188              843
                                         Modifications                                                                         (5)                    -                      -                    (1)              (6)
                                         Transferred to investment properties                                                    -                 (26)                      -                      -            (26)
                                         Disposal/retirements                                                                  (6)                    -                   (38)                  (16)             (60)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                           (7)                   3                   (118)                    (4)           (126)
                                       Cost, end of year                                                                    1,370                1,252                  4,893                 2,217            9,732

                                       Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                           (567)                (297)                  (484)               (1,490)          (2,838)
                                         Amortization and impairment                                                         (103)                 (50)                  (150)                 (111)            (414)
                                         Modifications                                                                           4                    -                      -                     -               4
                                         Disposal/retirements                                                                    4                    -                    38                    14               56
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                            (2)                  1                      5                      -               4
                                       Accumulated amortization, end of year                                                 (664)                (346)                  (591)               (1,587)          (3,188)
                                       Carrying value, end of year                                                            706                  906                  4,302                   630            6,544



                                                                                                                                                                                        Capital assets
                                                                                                                       Right-of-use   Owner-occupied                   Power
                                       December 31, 2024                                                                   assets ²        properties       generating assets                  Other             Total

                                       Cost, beginning of year                                                              1,156                1,068                  3,427                 2,018            7,669
                                         Additions ¹                                                                          161                   60                  1,062                   156            1,439
                                         Modifications                                                                          (8)                  -                      -                      -               (8)
                                         Transferred from investment properties                                                   -                  9                      -                      -                9
                                         Disposal/retirements                                                                 (29)                   -                      -                  (144)            (173)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                           31                   20                    100                    20              171
                                       Cost, end of year                                                                    1,311                1,157                  4,589                 2,050            9,107

                                       Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                           (474)                (273)                  (349)               (1,491)          (2,587)
                                         Amortization and impairment                                                         (106)                 (24)                  (128)                 (112)            (370)
                                         Disposal/retirements                                                                  26                     -                       -                 119              145
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                          (13)                    -                     (7)                   (6)            (26)
                                       Accumulated amortization, end of year                                                 (567)                (297)                  (484)               (1,490)          (2,838)
                                       Carrying value, end of year                                                            744                  860                  4,105                   560            6,269
                                       1 Additions are net of related investment tax credits of $155 million recorded in 2025 ($403 million in 2024).
                                       2 Right-of-use assets include leased properties and leased capital assets.


                                       The following table provides the carrying value of owner-occupied properties and capital assets by geographic location:
                                                                                                                                                                         December 31,                    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                               2025                            2024

                                       United States                                                                                                                              3,035                       2,869
                                       Canada                                                                                                                                     2,983                       3,002
                                       Europe                                                                                                                                       526                         398
                                                                                                                                                                                  6,544                       6,269




                                             A  138                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 8 OTHER ASSETS




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                          December 31,                December 31, 2
                                                                                                                                2025                        2024

Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                                6,588                        5,954
Securities borrowed                                                                                                             3,174                        1,372
Trading account assets ¹                                                                                                        3,995                        3,701
Deferred acquisition costs and deferred selling commissions                                                                     1,648                        1,484
Pension benefits [Note 27]                                                                                                        686                          610
Income taxes receivable                                                                                                           424                          288
Finance leases receivable                                                                                                       1,044                          927
Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                  272                          273
Funds held under reinsurance contracts                                                                                          6,229                        6,895
Other                                                                                                                           2,581                        2,444
                                                                                                                               26,641                       23,948
1 Includes bonds of $3,751 million and shares of $244 million at December 31, 2025 (bonds of $3,449 million and shares of $252 million at December 31, 2024).
2 Comparative figures have been reclassified to confirm with the current year’s presentation.

Other assets of $16,522 million as at December 31, 2025 ($13,625 million as at December 31, 2024) are expected to be
derecognized within 12 months. This amount excludes deferred acquisition costs and deferred selling commissions, the
changes in which are presented below.

DEFERRED ACQUISITION COSTS AND DEFERRED SELLING COMMISSIONS
The changes in the carrying value of the deferred acquisition costs and deferred selling commissions are as follows:
                                                                                                                           December 31,                December 31,
                                                                                                                                 2025                        2024

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                       1,484                          1,308
  Additions                                                                                                                        439                            377
  Disposal                                                                                                                         (24)                           (26)
  Amortization                                                                                                                    (255)                          (229)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                        4                             54
Balance, end of year                                                                                                             1,648                          1,484




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         A  139
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 9 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       GOODWILL
                                       The carrying value and changes in the carrying value of goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                                                   December 31, 2025                                           December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                        Accumulated             Carrying                             Accumulated        Carrying
                                                                                                              Cost       impairment                value                Cost          impairment           value

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                         15,084              (407)             14,677             14,649                    (19)       14,630
                                         Business acquisitions                                               149                  -                149                 99                       -           99
                                         Disposal                                                              (5)               5                    -                 (4)                    2             (2)
                                         Purchase price allocation adjustments                                   -                -                   -                18                       -           18
                                         Allocated to intangible assets                                          -                -                   -               (69)                      -          (69)
                                         Impairment ¹                                                            -                -                   -                   -                 (390)         (390)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                        (165)                 -               (165)               391                       -          391
                                       Balance, end of year                                               15,063              (402)             14,661             15,084                   (407)       14,677
                                       1 A non-cash impairment charge of $383 million was recognized by LMPG Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2024.


                                       INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                       The carrying value and changes in the carrying value of the intangible assets are as follows:

                                       Indefinite Life Intangible Assets
                                                                                                                                                                                    Shareholders'
                                                                                                                                                                                        portion of
                                                                                                                         Brands,                              Mutual fund          acquired future
                                                                                                                 trademarks and       Customer               management              participating
                                       December 31, 2025                                                            trade names contract-related                contracts           account profit         Total

                                       Cost, beginning of year                                                             902                  435                   741                    354         2,432
                                         Additions                                                                          24                    -                     -                      -            24
                                         Disposal                                                                          (17)                   -                     -                      -           (17)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                        15                    2                     -                      -            17
                                       Cost, end of year                                                                   924                  437                   741                    354         2,456

                                       Accumulated impairment, beginning of year                                           (60)                   -                     -                      -           (60)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                         (1)                  -                     -                      -             (1)
                                       Accumulated impairment, end of year                                                 (61)                   -                     -                      -           (61)
                                       Carrying value, end of year                                                         863                  437                   741                    354         2,395


                                                                                                                                                                                    Shareholders'
                                                                                                                                                                                        portion of
                                                                                                                         Brands,                              Mutual fund          acquired future
                                                                                                                 trademarks and       Customer               management              participating
                                       December 31, 2024                                                            trade names contract-related                contracts           account profit         Total

                                       Cost, beginning of year                                                             886                  380                   741                    354         2,361
                                         Additions                                                                           7                   55                     -                      -            62
                                         Disposal                                                                           (4)                   -                     -                      -            (4)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                        13                    -                     -                      -            13
                                       Cost, end of year                                                                   902                  435                   741                    354         2,432

                                       Accumulated impairment, beginning of year                                           (57)                   -                     -                      -           (57)
                                         Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                         (3)                  -                     -                      -             (3)
                                       Accumulated impairment, end of year                                                 (60)                   -                     -                      -           (60)
                                       Carrying value, end of year                                                         842                  435                   741                    354         2,372




                                            A  140                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 9 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                        PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Finite Life Intangible Assets

                                                                                  Technology and            Customer      Power purchase
December 31, 2025                                                                       software      contract-related       agreements       Other           Total

Cost, beginning of year                                                                  3,445                3,710                676         822          8,653
  Additions                                                                                492                  190                 36          32            750
  Disposal                                                                                 (86)                 (10)                 -           (3)          (99)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                (1)                (90)                 2         (12)          (101)
Cost, end of year                                                                        3,850                3,800                714         839          9,203

Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                              (2,013)             (1,505)              (212)       (321)         (4,051)
  Amortization                                                                             (299)               (207)               (43)        (46)           (595)
  Disposal                                                                                   64                   2                    -           -            66
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                 (3)                24                  (4)         (4)            13
Accumulated amortization, end of year                                                    (2,251)             (1,686)              (259)       (371)         (4,567)
Carrying value, end of year                                                               1,599               2,114                455         468           4,636




                                                                                  Technology and            Customer      Power purchase
December 31, 2024                                                                       software      contract-related       agreements       Other           Total

Cost, beginning of year                                                                  2,980                3,426                623         762          7,791
  Additions                                                                                403                   96                 55          36            590
  Disposal                                                                                 (22)                  (5)                (2)          -            (29)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                               84                  193                   -         24            301
Cost, end of year                                                                        3,445                3,710                676         822          8,653

Accumulated amortization, beginning of year                                              (1,717)             (1,237)              (176)       (275)         (3,405)
  Amortization                                                                             (267)               (209)               (42)        (41)           (559)
  Disposal                                                                                   22                   5                  1             -            28
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                               (51)                (64)                 5           (5)          (115)
Accumulated amortization, end of year                                                    (2,013)             (1,505)              (212)       (321)         (4,051)
Carrying value, end of year                                                               1,432               2,205                464         501           4,602


ALLOCATION TO CASH GENERATING UNITS
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets have been assigned to CGUs as follows:

                                                                                                December 31, 2025                                 December 31, 2024
                                                                                         Intangible                                        Intangible
                                                                           Goodwill          assets               Total         Goodwill       assets         Total

Lifeco
United States                                                                4,353             19               4,372            4,575          20          4,595
Canada ¹                                                                     4,666          1,051               5,717            4,651       1,051          5,702
Europe                                                                       2,518            272               2,790            2,456         256          2,712
IGM
Wealth Management                                                            1,440              -              1,440             1,440           -          1,440
Asset Management                                                             1,255          1,003              2,258             1,255       1,003          2,258
Other                                                                          429             50                479               300          42            342
                                                                            14,661          2,395             17,056            14,677       2,372         17,049
1 Considering recent business transformation activities, Lifeco reassessed its cash generating unit groupings in Canada and has grouped Individual Customer and Group
  Customer into Canada to reflect the current lowest level at which goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are monitored for internal management purposes.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  141
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 9 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       RECOVERABLE AMOUNT
                                       Lifeco
                                       For purposes of annual impairment testing, Lifeco allocates goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets to its CGUs. Any
                                       potential impairment of goodwill or indefinite life intangible assets is identified by comparing the recoverable amount to its
                                       carrying value.
                                       Fair value is initially assessed with reference to valuation multiples of comparable publicly traded financial institutions and
                                       previous business acquisition transactions. The calculations utilize earnings and cash flow projections based on financial
                                       budgets approved by Lifeco’s management. These valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or price-to-book
                                       measures for life insurers and asset managers. This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations,
                                       including expected growth, risk and capital market conditions, among other factors. The valuation multiples used in assessing
                                       fair value represent Level 2 inputs.
                                       In the fourth quarter of 2025, Lifeco conducted its annual impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets
                                       based on the September 30, 2025 asset balances. It was determined that the recoverable amounts of CGUs were in excess of
                                       their carrying values and there was no evidence of impairment.
                                       Any reasonable changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amounts of the CGUs are unlikely
                                       to cause the carrying values to exceed their recoverable amounts.

                                       IGM Financial
                                       IGM tests whether goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are impaired by comparing the carrying amounts with the
                                       recoverable amounts. The recoverable amount of IGM’s CGUs is based on the best available evidence of fair value less cost
                                       to sell (FVLCS).
                                       In assessing recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are used that may include application of capitalization multiples to
                                       financial and operating metrics based upon precedent acquisition transactions and trading comparables and discounted cash
                                       flow analysis. Valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or other conventionally used measures for investment
                                       managers or other financial service providers (multiples of value to assets under management, revenues, or other measures
                                       of profitability). This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations, including expected growth, risk and
                                       capital market conditions, among other factors. The valuation multiples used in assessing fair value represent Level 2 inputs.
                                       Assumptions and estimates employed in discounted cash flows include future changes in assets under management resulting
                                       from net sales and investment returns, pricing and profit margin changes and discount rates, which represent Level 3 inputs.
                                       The FVLCS of IGM’s CGUs was compared with the carrying amount and it was determined there was no impairment. Changes
                                       in assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable amounts of the CGUs can result in significant adjustments
                                       to the valuation of the CGUs.




                                           A  142                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
ANALYSIS BY REMAINING COVERAGE AND INCURRED CLAIMS
                                                               Liability for remaining coverage                  Liability for incurred claims
                                                                                                                     Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                             Estimates of             Risk
                                                                                                            present value adjustment for           Asset for
                                                                Excluding loss           Loss Contracts not of future cash   non-financial       acquisition
December 31, 2025                                                 component         component   under PAA            flows            risk        cash flows            Total

Opening assets                                                         (1,414)               3          190             28                 -             -         (1,193)
Opening liabilities                                                  137,519              337         3,573        13,866                569          (181)      155,683
Opening liabilities on account of
 segregated fund policyholders                                         66,343               -             -              -                 -             -        66,343
Net opening balance                                                  202,448              340         3,763        13,894                569          (181)      220,833

Changes in the statements of earnings and of
  comprehensive income
Insurance revenue                                                     (22,321)              -             -              -                 -             -        (22,321)
Insurance service expenses
   Incurred claims and other insurance
     service expenses                                                        -            (31)       10,067          6,905                62             -        17,003
   Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows                       843               -             -              -                 -             -              843
   Losses and reversal of losses on onerous
    contracts                                                                -            213             -              -                 -             -              213
   Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                            -              -           (48)          (692)              (80)            -           (820)
                                                                          843             182        10,019          6,213               (18)            -        17,239
Investment components                                                 (11,063)              -         7,927          3,136                 -             -                -
Total changes in insurance service result                             (32,541)            182        17,946          9,349               (18)            -         (5,082)
Net finance (income) expenses from
 insurance contracts                                                    6,353               (1)       6,087            474                16             -        12,929
Effect of movement in exchange rates                                      957               (2)          64            158                  9            -         1,186
Total changes in the statements of earnings
  and of comprehensive income                                         (25,231)            179        24,097          9,981                  7            -         9,033

Cash flows
Premiums received                                                      34,593               -             -              -                 -             -        34,593
Incurred claims paid and other insurance service
  expenses paid                                                             (54)            -       (23,986)        (9,709)                -             -        (33,749)
Insurance acquisition cash flows                                          (959)             -             -              -                 -             -           (959)
Insurance acquisition cash flows transferred from
  the asset for insurance acquisition
  cash flows at initial recognition                                       (36)              -             -              -                 -             -           (36)
Other cash flows 1                                                      1,092               -             -              -                 -             -         1,092
Total cash flows                                                       34,636               -       (23,986)        (9,709)                -             -              941

Asset for acquisition cash flows
Insurance acquisition cash flows paid
  in the year                                                                -              -             -              -                 -           (40)             (40)
Insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to
  groups of insurance contracts recognized in
  the year                                                                   -              -             -              -                 -            36               36
Total changes in asset for acquisition cash flows                            -              -             -              -                 -             (4)              (4)
Other movements 2                                                         (312)             -             -              -                 -             -           (312)
Net closing balance 3                                                211,541              519         3,874        14,166                576          (185)      230,491

Recorded in:
   Closing assets                                                      (2,374)              -           894             (91)               -             -         (1,571)
   Closing liabilities                                               143,497              519         2,980        14,257                576          (185)      161,644
   Closing liabilities on account of
    segregated fund policyholders                                      70,418               -             -              -                 -             -        70,418
Net closing balance 3                                                211,541              519         3,874        14,166                576          (185)      230,491
1 Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via funding component balance (FCB), claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements,
  and other cash flows from policy loans.
2 Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other than
  exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
3 Included in the insurance contract balances are loans to policyholders of $8,727 million and funds withheld of $3,489 million.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              A  143
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                  Liability for remaining coverage                     Liability for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                       Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                                               Estimates of             Risk
                                                                                                                                              present value adjustment for                   Asset for
                                                                                                   Excluding loss          Loss Contracts not of future cash   non-financial               acquisition
                                       December 31, 2024                                             component        component   under PAA            flows            risk                cash flows      Total

                                       Opening assets                                                     (2,021)              -             831                (3)                -               -      (1,193)
                                       Opening liabilities                                              127,300              253           2,876          13,578                 555            (174)    144,388
                                       Opening liabilities on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders                                    60,302                -               -                 -                 -               -      60,302
                                       Net opening balance                                              185,581              253           3,707          13,575                 555            (174)    203,497

                                       Changes in the statements of earnings and of
                                         comprehensive income
                                       Insurance revenue                                                (21,214)               -               -                 -                 -               -     (21,214)
                                       Insurance service expenses
                                          Incurred claims and other insurance
                                            service expenses                                                   -              (21)         9,647            6,615                 55               -      16,296
                                          Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows                   748               -               -                 -                 -               -        748
                                          Losses and reversal of losses on onerous
                                           contracts                                                           -               97              -                 -                 -               -          97
                                          Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                       -               -              (17)           (689)               (67)              -        (773)
                                                                                                             748               76          9,630            5,926                (12)              -      16,368
                                       Investment components                                            (10,578)               -           7,523            3,055                  -               -          -
                                       Total changes in insurance service result                        (31,044)               76        17,153             8,981                (12)              -      (4,846)
                                       Net finance (income) expenses from
                                        insurance contracts                                                7,856                2          5,576              505                 17               -      13,956
                                       Effect of movement in exchange rates                                4,892                9             87              188                      9           -       5,185
                                       Total changes in the statements of earnings
                                         and of comprehensive income                                    (18,296)               87        22,816             9,674                 14               -      14,295

                                       Cash flows
                                       Premiums received                                                 35,406                -               -                 -                 -               -      35,406
                                       Incurred claims paid and other insurance service
                                         expenses paid                                                       (58)              -         (22,760)          (9,355)                 -               -     (32,173)
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows                                     (878)              -               -                 -                 -               -        (878)
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows transferred from
                                         the asset for insurance acquisition
                                         cash flows at initial recognition                                   (34)              -               -                 -                 -               -         (34)
                                       Other cash flows 1                                                  1,211               -               -                 -                 -               -       1,211
                                       Total cash flows                                                  35,647                -         (22,760)          (9,355)                 -               -       3,532

                                       Asset for acquisition cash flows
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows paid
                                         in the year                                                           -               -               -                 -                 -             (41)        (41)
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to
                                         groups of insurance contracts recognized in
                                         the year                                                              -               -               -                 -                 -              34          34
                                       Total changes in asset for acquisition cash flows                       -               -               -                 -                 -               (7)        (7)
                                       Other movements 2                                                    (484)              -               -                 -                 -               -        (484)
                                       Net closing balance 3                                            202,448              340           3,763          13,894                 569            (181)    220,833

                                       Recorded in:
                                          Closing assets                                                  (1,414)               3            190                28                 -               -      (1,193)
                                          Closing liabilities                                           137,519              337           3,573          13,866                 569            (181)    155,683
                                          Closing liabilities on account of
                                           segregated fund policyholders                                 66,343                -               -                 -                 -               -      66,343
                                       Net closing balance 3                                            202,448              340           3,763          13,894                 569            (181)    220,833
                                       1 Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
                                         policy loans.
                                       2 Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other than
                                         exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
                                       3 Included in the insurance contract balances are loans to policyholders of $9,204 million and funds withheld of $3,640 million.




                                             A  144                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                          PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
ANALYSIS BY MEASUREMENT COMPONENT FOR INSURANCE CONTRACTS NOT MEASURED UNDER PAA
                                                                                               Estimates of                Risk
                                                                                           present value of     adjustment for
December 31, 2025                                                                         future cash flows   non-financial risk             CSM                Total

Opening assets                                                                                   (4,397)                  584             2,672             (1,141)
Opening liabilities                                                                             124,143                 6,155            11,768            142,066
Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                  66,343                     -                 -             66,343
Net opening balance                                                                             186,089                 6,739            14,440            207,268

Changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income
Changes that relate to current service
   CSM recognized for services provided                                                                -                    -            (1,357)             (1,357)
   Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                   -                 (628)                -                (628)
   Experience adjustments                                                                            211                     1                -                 212
Changes that relate to future service
   Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                        (863)                257               620                  14
   Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                          (142)                (15)              157                   -
   Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on
     onerous contracts                                                                               169                    30                 -                199
Changes that relate to past service
   Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                                                     (44)                   (3)                -                (47)
Total changes in insurance service result                                                           (669)                (358)              (580)            (1,607)
Net finance (income) expenses from insurance contracts                                            12,163                   88                187             12,438
Effect of movement in foreign exchange rates                                                         539                  124                350              1,013
Total changes in the statements of earnings and of
  comprehensive income                                                                            12,033                 (146)               (43)            11,844

Cash flows
Premiums received                                                                                 21,737                     -                 -             21,737
Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid                                   (24,040)                    -                 -            (24,040)
Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                     (807)                   -                 -                (807)
Other cash flows 1                                                                                  1,153                    -                 -               1,153
Total cash flows                                                                                   (1,957)                   -                 -              (1,957)
Other movements 2                                                                                    (312)                   -                 -               (312)
Net closing balance                                                                             195,853                 6,593            14,397            216,843

Recorded in:
  Closing assets                                                                                 (7,185)                1,549             4,267             (1,369)
  Closing liabilities                                                                           132,620                 5,044            10,130            147,794
  Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                70,418                     -                 -             70,418
Net closing balance                                                                             195,853                 6,593            14,397            216,843
1 Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
  policy loans.
2 Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other than
  exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                         A  145
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                      Estimates of                 Risk
                                                                                                                                  present value of      adjustment for
                                       December 31, 2024                                                                         future cash flows    non-financial risk              CSM              Total

                                       Opening assets                                                                                   (6,560)                  1,654               3,796         (1,110)
                                       Opening liabilities                                                                             115,794                   5,372               9,952        131,118
                                       Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                  60,302                       -                   -         60,302
                                       Net opening balance                                                                             169,536                   7,026              13,748        190,310

                                       Changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income
                                       Changes that relate to current service
                                          CSM recognized for services provided                                                                 -                      -             (1,262)         (1,262)
                                          Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                    -                   (627)                 -            (627)
                                          Experience adjustments                                                                             161                       1                 -             162
                                       Changes that relate to future service
                                          Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                      (1,229)                   330               913               14
                                          Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                          (243)                  (284)              527                -
                                          Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on
                                            onerous contracts                                                                                 69                     14                 -               83
                                       Changes that relate to past service
                                          Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                                                     (16)                      -                 -              (16)
                                       Total changes in insurance service result                                                         (1,258)                   (566)              178           (1,646)
                                       Net finance (income) expenses from insurance contracts                                            13,186                      74               174           13,434
                                       Effect of movement in foreign exchange rates                                                       4,441                     205               340            4,986
                                       Total changes in the statements of earnings and of
                                         comprehensive income                                                                            16,369                    (287)              692           16,774

                                       Cash flows
                                       Premiums received                                                                                 22,964                       -                 -           22,964
                                       Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid                                   (22,817)                      -                 -          (22,817)
                                       Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                    (750)                      -                 -             (750)
                                       Other cash flows 1                                                                                 1,271                       -                 -            1,271
                                       Total cash flows                                                                                     668                       -                 -              668
                                       Other movements 2                                                                                    (484)                     -                 -             (484)
                                       Net closing balance                                                                             186,089                   6,739              14,440        207,268

                                       Recorded in:
                                         Closing assets                                                                                 (4,397)                    584               2,672         (1,141)
                                         Closing liabilities                                                                           124,143                   6,155              11,768        142,066
                                         Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                66,343                       -                   -         66,343
                                       Net closing balance                                                                             186,089                   6,739              14,440        207,268
                                       1 Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
                                         policy loans.
                                       2 Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other than
                                         exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                            A  146                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CSM AND INSURANCE REVENUE BY TRANSITION APPROACH
                                                                                                 December 31 ,          December 31 ,
                                                                                                       2025                   2024

Insurance contracts under fair value approach
CSM balance, beginning of year                                                                        9,052                   9,641

Change related to current service provided
   CSM recognized for services provided                                                                 (845)                  (885)
Changes that relate to future service
   Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                              97                      58
Total changes in insurance service result                                                              (748)                   (827)
Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                            48                      62
Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                    193                     176
Total change                                                                                           (507)                   (589)
CSM balance, end of year                                                                              8,545                   9,052

Other insurance contracts
CSM balance, beginning of year                                                                        5,388                   4,107

Change related to current service provided
   CSM recognized for services provided                                                                 (512)                  (377)
Changes that relate to future service
   Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                           620                     913
   Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                              60                     469
Total changes in insurance service result                                                               168                   1,005
Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                           139                     112
Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                    157                     164
Total change                                                                                            464                   1,281
CSM balance, end of year                                                                              5,852                   5,388


Net CSM balance, end of year                                                                         14,397                  14,440


                                                                                                   December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                  2024

Insurance revenue for:
Contracts under fair value approach                                                                      7,543                8,569
Contracts under other approaches                                                                        14,778               12,645
Total insurance revenue                                                                                 22,321               21,214

Upon transition, IFRS 17 required an entity to apply the standard retrospectively unless impracticable. Lifeco performed a cut-
off date assessment (by region and product) to determine the contracts to which the full retrospective approach can be
applied. Lifeco applied the full retrospective approach to all identified insurance contracts unless it was impracticable, where
reasonable and supportable information necessary to complete the full retrospective approach was not available.
Lifeco applied the fair value approach to contracts where it was impracticable to apply the full retrospective approach. The
fair value approach calculates the CSM or loss component of the liability for remaining coverage as the difference between
the fair value of a group of insurance contracts at the date of transition and the fulfillment cash flows measured at that date.
Lifeco used an embedded value approach to determine the fair value within the fair value approach. Under the embedded
value approach, the fair value is measured as the third party’s present value of fulfillment cash flows, plus future costs of capital,
less any future profits. The cost of capital was measured as the total required capital multiplied by a hurdle rate, and the future
profits are driven by the release of risk adjustment and investment income on required capital. The development of the
assumptions was based on a combination of publicly available industry data, historic economic data and Lifeco’s own view of
assumptions when the external data sources were not available.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                 A  147
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       COMPOSITION OF INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES AND RELATED SUPPORTING ASSETS
                                       The composition of insurance and reinsurance contract assets and liabilities, as well as investment contract liabilities of Lifeco
                                       by business is as follows:

                                                                                                                    Assets                                                         Liabilities
                                                                                                Insurance      Reinsurance              Insurance               Investment      Reinsurance
                                       December 31, 2025                                         contracts   contracts held              contracts                contracts   contracts held

                                       Participating
                                         United States                                                 -                 -                5,033                         -                 -
                                         Canada                                                        -                 -               61,045                         -                 -
                                         Europe                                                        -                 -                  118                         -                 -
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                    -                 -                  651                         -                 -
                                       Non-participating
                                         United States                                              315           11,818                 12,599                   84,620                158
                                         Canada                                                     445            1,224                 30,600                    3,456                321
                                         Europe                                                     534            3,705                 45,386                      377                397
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                 277              103                  6,212                      589                 43
                                                                                                  1,571           16,850                161,644                   89,042                919



                                                                                                                    Assets                                                         Liabilities
                                                                                                Insurance      Reinsurance              Insurance               Investment      Reinsurance
                                       December 31, 2024                                         contracts   contracts held              contracts                contracts   contracts held

                                       Participating
                                         United States                                                 -                 -                5,337                         -                 -
                                         Canada                                                        -                 -               55,941                         -                 -
                                         Europe                                                        -                 -                  122                         -                 -
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                    -                 -                  678                         -                 -
                                       Non-participating
                                         United States                                              335           12,756                 13,544                   85,470                159
                                         Canada                                                     434            1,216                 31,309                    3,698                283
                                         Europe                                                     353            3,746                 41,944                      330                313
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                  71              124                  6,808                      659                 40
                                                                                                  1,193           17,842                155,683                   90,157                795




                                            A  148                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The composition of the assets supporting insurance contract liabilities of Lifeco by business is as follows:
                                                                                    Mortgage                  Investment
December 31, 2025                                                       Bonds           loans    Shares        properties               Other        Total

Participating liabilities
  United States                                                        3,939            528        276               -                    290       5,033
  Canada                                                              29,132         12,332     12,618           5,630                  1,333      61,045
  Europe                                                                  56              -         39               -                     23         118
  Capital and Risk Solutions                                             613              -          -               -                     38         651
Non-participating liabilities
  United States                                                          346              7          -               -              12,246         12,599
  Canada                                                              23,072          3,533      3,422             573                   -         30,600
  Europe                                                              29,177          7,923        126           1,658               6,502         45,386
  Capital and Risk Solutions                                           5,354            811         47               -                   -          6,212
                                                                      91,689         25,134     16,528           7,861              20,432        161,644


                                                                                    Mortgage                  Investment
December 31, 2024 1                                                     Bonds           loans    Shares        properties               Other        Total

Participating liabilities
  United States                                                        4,281            612        251               -                   193        5,337
  Canada                                                              27,497         12,239     10,513           5,164                   528       55,941
  Europe                                                                  53              -         34                3                   32          122
  Capital and Risk Solutions                                             604              -          -               -                    74          678
Non-participating liabilities
  United States                                                          387              8          -               -              13,149         13,544
  Canada                                                              23,553          3,727      3,206             742                  81         31,309
  Europe                                                              27,227          7,359        396           1,909               5,053         41,944
  Capital and Risk Solutions                                           6,057            751          -               -                   -          6,808
                                                                      89,659         24,696     14,400           7,818              19,110        155,683
1 Comparative figures have been reclassified to confirm with the current year’s presentation.


Cash flows of assets supporting insurance contract liabilities are matched within reasonable limits.

EFFECT ON MEASUREMENT COMPONENTS OF INSURANCE CONTRACTS INITIALLY RECOGNIZED IN THE YEAR
                                                                                                 Profitable                 Onerous
                                                                                                 contracts                  contracts
December 31, 2025                                                                                   issued                    issued                Total

Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                     683                         49                  732
Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                7,425                         83                7,508
Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                        8,108                        132                8,240
Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                        (8,968)                      (135)              (9,103)
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                               240                         17                  257
CSM                                                                                                  620                          -                  620
Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                                 -                         14                   14


                                                                                                 Profitable                 Onerous
                                                                                                 contracts                  contracts
December 31, 2024                                                                                   issued                    issued                Total

Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                     582                         42                  624
Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                9,241                         79                9,320
Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                        9,823                        121                9,944
Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                       (11,050)                      (123)             (11,173)
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                               312                         18                  330
CSM                                                                                                  913                          -                  913
Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                                 (2)                       16                   14

Lifeco did not acquire any insurance contracts through transfer or business combination.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A  149
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       MATURITY ANALYSIS OF INSURANCE AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD
                                       The following table shows the undiscounted expected future cash outflows (inflows) for insurance and reinsurance contracts
                                       held by expected timing based on best estimate actuarial assumptions and excludes amounts from insurance contract
                                       liabilities on account of segregated fund holders. Whole life individual insurance products have expected cash flows for
                                       several decades in the future. Examples of cash outflows are payment of claims and expenses, and examples of cash inflows
                                       are premiums.
                                                                                  1 year                                                                      Over 5
                                       December 31, 2025                          or less   1-2 years   2-3 years        3-4 years          4-5 years          years           Total

                                       Insurance contracts
                                       Insurance contract liabilities            9,039       5,164       5,402             5,508              5,851         507,352        538,316
                                       Insurance contract assets                  (786)       (821)       (776)             (678)              (621)         (8,048)       (11,730)
                                                                                 8,253       4,343       4,626             4,830              5,230         499,304        526,586

                                       Reinsurance contracts held
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities       177          239         241              218                190           1,433           2,498
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets           (736)        (218)       (198)            (196)              (199)         (4,479)         (6,026)
                                                                                  (559)          21          43               22                  (9)        (3,046)         (3,528)


                                                                                  1 year                                                                      Over 5
                                       December 31, 2024                          or less   1-2 years   2-3 years        3-4 years          4-5 years          years           Total

                                       Insurance contracts
                                       Insurance contract liabilities            8,168       4,295       4,429             4,776              4,947         456,281        482,896
                                       Insurance contract assets                  (604)       (573)       (541)             (479)              (424)         (3,260)        (5,881)
                                                                                 7,564       3,722       3,888             4,297              4,523         453,021        477,015

                                       Reinsurance contracts held
                                       Reinsurance contract held liabilities       182          111         112               99                 82             490           1,076
                                       Reinsurance contract held assets           (634)        (189)       (168)            (164)              (167)         (4,306)         (5,628)
                                                                                  (452)         (78)        (56)             (65)               (85)         (3,816)         (4,552)


                                       AMOUNT OF INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES PAYABLE ON DEMAND
                                       The amounts from insurance contract liabilities that are payable on demand are set out below. The amounts payable on
                                       demand include the cash surrender value and/or the account value less applicable surrender charges payable. Insurance
                                       contract liabilities held on account of segregated fund holders are excluded from the amounts payable on demand and
                                       carrying amounts.
                                                                                                                                          December 31,                 December 31,
                                                                                                                                                2025                         2024

                                       Amounts payable on demand                                                                               67,709                      64,424
                                       Carrying amounts                                                                                       105,841                     101,715


                                       EXPECTED REMAINING CSM RECOGNITION
                                                                                                                                          December 31,                 December 31,
                                                                                                                                                2025                         2024

                                       1 year or less                                                                                            1,287                      1,207
                                       1-2 years                                                                                                 1,158                      1,121
                                       2-3 years                                                                                                 1,036                      1,027
                                       3-4 years                                                                                                   951                        950
                                       4-5 years                                                                                                   869                        873
                                       5-10 years                                                                                                3,366                      3,384
                                       Over 10 years                                                                                             5,730                      5,878
                                                                                                                                                14,397                     14,440




                                            A  150                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
EXPECTED DERECOGNITION OF THE ASSET FOR INSURANCE ACQUISITION CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                   December 31,                December 31,
                                                                                                                                         2025                        2024

1 year or less                                                                                                                             34                          32
1-2 years                                                                                                                                  31                          30
2-3 years                                                                                                                                  28                          27
3-4 years                                                                                                                                  25                          24
4-5 years                                                                                                                                  21                          21
5-10 years                                                                                                                                 46                          47
                                                                                                                                          185                         181


CSM
The concentration of insurance risk of Lifeco by business is as follows:

                                                                                  Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                   Participating
                                                                                                                                                        account
                                                                                                            Capital                                   surplus in
                                                                  United                                   and Risk                   Segregated         Lifeco's
December 31, 2025                                                 States          Canada      Europe      Solutions        Total           funds    subsidiaries 1     Total 2

CSM, beginning of year                                               55             690        3,664        2,436        6,845            3,268         3,255        13,368
  CSM recognized for services provided                               (8)            (67)        (326)        (269)        (670)            (407)         (155)       (1,232)
  Contracts initially recognized in the year                          -              40          267          100          407              126           109           642
  Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                           14            (168)           5           28         (121)              83           289           251
  Net finance (income) expenses from
    insurance contracts                                               2              18           91           65          176              (15)            -           161
  Effect of movement in exchange rates                               (3)              -          165           70          232              120           (12)          340
CSM, end of year                                                     60             513        3,866        2,430        6,869            3,175         3,486        13,530



                                                                                  Non-participating (excluding segregated funds)
                                                                                                                                                   Participating
                                                                                                                                                        account
                                                                                                            Capital                                   surplus in
                                                                  United                                   and Risk                   Segregated         Lifeco's
December 31, 2024                                                 States          Canada      Europe      Solutions        Total           funds    subsidiaries 1     Total 2

CSM, beginning of year                                               24           1,159        3,255        1,745        6,183            3,298         3,154        12,635
  CSM recognized for services provided                               (5)           (103)        (286)        (178)        (572)            (408)         (151)       (1,131)
  Contracts initially recognized in the year                          -              36          371          251          658              170           119           947
  Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                           31            (431)          79          477          156              197           113           466
  Net finance (income) expenses from
    insurance contracts                                               1              29           79           47          156              (17)            -           139
  Effect of movement in exchange rates                                4               -          166           94          264               28            20           312
CSM, end of year                                                     55             690        3,664        2,436        6,845            3,268         3,255        13,368
1 Included in non-controlling interests on the balance sheets.
2 The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  A  151
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       INSURANCE RISK
                                       Actuarial Assumptions
                                       In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of
                                       mortality/morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of
                                       elective policy options or provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a risk
                                       adjustment for non-financial risk. The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that Lifeco requires
                                       for bearing uncertainty in the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows. Risk adjustments for non-financial risk are
                                       reviewed periodically by Lifeco for continued appropriateness.
                                       Lifeco measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for reinsurance held using assumptions that are
                                       consistent with those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance
                                       contracts, with an adjustment for any non-performance by the reinsurer.
                                       Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discount rates derived from a reference portfolio
                                       or stochastic modelling at the end of the reporting period. Lifeco’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that
                                       market participants would consider and make maximum use of observable market data.
                                       The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined below:

                                       Actuarial assumptions     Methods

                                       Mortality                 A life insurance mortality study is carried out regularly for each major block of insurance business. The results of
                                                                 each study are used to update Lifeco’s experience valuation mortality tables for that business. Annuitant mortality
                                                                 is also studied regularly and the results are used to modify established annuitant mortality tables. When there is
                                                                 insufficient data, use is made of the latest industry experience to derive an appropriate valuation mortality
                                                                 assumption. Improvement scales for life insurance and annuitant mortality are updated periodically based on
                                                                 population and industry studies, product-specific considerations, as well as professional guidance. In addition,
                                                                 appropriate provisions have been made for future mortality deterioration on term insurance.

                                       Morbidity                 Lifeco uses industry-developed experience tables modified to reflect emerging Lifeco experience. Both claim
                                                                 incidence and termination are monitored regularly, and emerging experience is factored into the current valuation.

                                       Expenses                  Expenses for certain items, such as sales commissions and policy taxes and fees are either contractual or specified
                                                                 by law, and so they are only reflected on a best estimate basis in the liability. Operating expenses, such as policy
                                                                 and claims administration as well as overhead, are more variable. Lifeco produces expense studies for operating
                                                                 expenses regularly to determine an appropriate estimate of future operating expenses for the liability type being
                                                                 valued. An inflation assumption is incorporated in the estimate of future operating expenses held within the
                                                                 liability.

                                       Policy termination        Studies to determine rates of policy termination are updated regularly to form the basis of this estimate. Industry
                                                                 data is also available and is useful where Lifeco has no experience with specific types of policies or its exposure is
                                                                 limited. Lifeco’s most significant exposures are in respect of the T-100 and Level Cost of Insurance Universal Life
                                                                 products in Canada and policy renewal rates at the end of term for renewable term policies in Canada and Capital
                                                                 and Risk Solutions. Industry experience has guided Lifeco’s assumptions for these products as its own experience
                                                                 is very limited.

                                       Property and casualty     Insurance contract liabilities for property and casualty reinsurance written by Capital and Risk Solutions are
                                       reinsurance               determined using accepted actuarial practices for property and casualty insurers in Canada. The insurance
                                                                 contract liabilities are based on cession statements provided by ceding companies. In addition, insurance contract
                                                                 liabilities also include an amount for incurred but not reported losses, which may differ significantly from the
                                                                 ultimate loss development. The estimates and underlying methodology are continually reviewed and updated,
                                                                 and adjustments to estimates are reflected in net earnings. Capital and Risk Solutions analyzes the emergence of
                                                                 claims experience against expected assumptions for each reinsurance contract separately and at the portfolio
                                                                 level. If necessary, a more in-depth analysis is undertaken of the cedant experience.

                                       Utilization of elective   There are a wide range of elective options embedded in the policies issued by Lifeco. Examples include term
                                       policy options            renewals, conversion to whole life insurance (term insurance), settlement annuity purchase at guaranteed rates
                                                                 (deposit annuities) and guarantee resets (segregated fund maturity guarantees). The assumed rates of utilization
                                                                 are based on Lifeco or industry experience when it exists and otherwise based on judgment considering incentives
                                                                 to utilize the option. Generally, whenever it is clearly in the best interests of an informed policyholder to utilize an
                                                                 option, then it is assumed to be elected.




                                            A  152                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Actuarial assumptions   Methods

Policyholder dividends Future policyholder dividends and other adjustable policy features are included in the determination of insurance
and adjustable policy contract liabilities with the assumption that policyholder dividends or adjustable benefits will change in the future
features               in response to the relevant experience. The dividend and policy adjustments are determined consistent with
                       policyholders’ reasonable expectations, such expectations being influenced by the participating policyholder
                       dividend policies and/or policyholder communications, marketing material and past practice. It is Lifeco’s
                       expectation that changes will occur in policyholder dividend scales or adjustable benefits for participating or
                       adjustable business, respectively, corresponding to changes in the best estimate assumptions, resulting in an
                       immaterial net change in insurance contract liabilities. Where underlying guarantees may limit the ability to pass all
                       of this experience back to the policyholder, the impact of this non-adjustability on net earnings is reflected in the
                       impacts of changes in best estimate assumptions below.

Investment returns      Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold. Lifeco utilizes a formal
                        process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets and
                        liabilities into Lifeco’s businesses. Assets in each business are managed in relation to the liabilities in the related
                        business. The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the
                        value of financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of
                        assets and the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities lead to a sensitivity to interest rate movements
                        in net earnings.

Insurance and           In determining Lifeco’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of
Investment contract     mortality/morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of
liabilities             utilization of elective policy options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging
                        experience or change in outlook, the result is a change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the net
                        earnings.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             A  153
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Non-Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                       INSURANCE RISK

                                                                                                                                Net earnings                                          CSM1
                                                                                                               Before                 Net of                     Before             Net of
                                       December 31, 2025                                                  reinsurance       reinsurance held                reinsurance   reinsurance held

                                       2% life mortality increase                                              (225)                    (200)                     (225)             (75)
                                       2% annuity mortality decrease                                            200                      175                      (750)            (625)
                                       5% morbidity adverse change                                             (150)                    (150)                     (225)            (100)
                                       5% expense increase                                                      (25)                       -                      (125)            (125)
                                       10% adverse change in policy termination and renewal                    (225)                    (150)                     (675)            (725)



                                                                                                                                Net earnings                                          CSM1
                                                                                                               Before                 Net of                     Before             Net of
                                       December 31, 2024                                                  reinsurance       reinsurance held                reinsurance   reinsurance held

                                       2% life mortality increase                                              (100)                    (100)                     (350)            (175)
                                       2% annuity mortality decrease                                            200                      175                      (725)            (650)
                                       5% morbidity adverse change                                             (150)                    (125)                     (200)            (100)
                                       5% expense increase                                                        -                        -                      (125)            (150)
                                       10% adverse change in policy termination and renewal                     (50)                       -                      (850)            (850)
                                       1 The impacts to the CSM are pre-tax.

                                       These sensitivities reflect the impact on net earnings and CSM of an immediate change in assumptions on the value of
                                       insurance and reinsurance contracts held and investment contracts. The impact on equity is equal to the net earnings impact.
                                       Assumption changes on insurance risk directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM. The impact of assumption changes
                                       on CSM is measured at locked-in discount rates, for contracts measured under the GMM. Net earnings impacts arise from any
                                       differences relative to the fair value impact of assumption changes impacting CSM, as well as assumption changes on
                                       contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance contracts). For assumption changes impacting CSM, there
                                       is a second-order impact to earnings which captures the present value difference between the impact of assumption changes
                                       measured at prevailing discount rates and locked-in discount rates. In general, prevailing discount rates are currently higher
                                       than locked-in rates for Lifeco’s insurance contracts, as most locked-in rates for the calculation of CSM impacts were
                                       determined at January 1, 2022 for the in-force portfolio. Therefore, an unfavourable change in assumptions on insurance risk,
                                       leading to a liability-strengthening offset by CSM reduction, also results in a positive earnings impact in the period due to the
                                       fair value impact.
                                       Concentration risk may arise from geographic regions, accumulation of risks and market risk.

                                       REINSURANCE RISK
                                       Maximum limits per insured life benefit amount (which vary by Lifeco’s line of business) are established for life and health
                                       insurance, and reinsurance is purchased for amounts in excess of those limits.
                                       Reinsurance costs and recoveries as defined by the reinsurance agreement are reflected in the valuation with these costs and
                                       recoveries being appropriately calibrated to the direct assumptions.
                                       Reinsurance contracts do not relieve Lifeco from its obligations to policyholders. Failure of reinsurers to honour their
                                       obligations could result in losses to Lifeco. Lifeco evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers to minimize its exposure to
                                       significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies.
                                       Certain of the reinsurance contracts are on a funds-withheld basis where Lifeco retains the assets supporting the reinsured
                                       insurance contract liabilities, thus minimizing the exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvency on those contracts.




                                            A  154                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 10 INSURANCE CONTRACTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Discount Rates
The following tables provide the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by Lifeco to discount liability cash
flows by major currency:

December 31, 2025                                                             Year 1       Year 5           Year 10           Year 20           Year 30             Year 50
          Lower                                                                2.9%         3.6%              4.0%              4.4%                 4.5%             4.9%
CAD
          Upper                                                                3.9%         4.6%              5.0%              5.4%                 5.5%             5.4%
          Lower                                                                4.1%         4.4%              4.9%              5.8%                 5.6%             5.1%
USD
          Upper                                                                4.6%         4.9%              5.4%              6.3%                 6.2%             5.4%
          Lower                                                                2.5%         2.9%              3.4%              3.9%                 4.2%             4.6%
EUR
          Upper                                                                3.2%         3.7%              4.1%              4.7%                 4.8%             4.7%
          Lower                                                                4.1%         4.5%              5.1%              5.8%                 5.9%             4.5%
GBP
          Upper                                                                4.8%         5.2%              5.9%              6.6%                 6.6%             5.3%



December 31, 2024                                                             Year 1       Year 5           Year 10           Year 20           Year 30             Year 50
          Lower                                                                4.2%         4.2%              4.5%              4.6%                 4.6%             4.9%
CAD
          Upper                                                                4.6%         4.6%              4.9%              5.0%                 5.0%             5.0%
          Lower                                                                4.9%         5.2%              5.4%              5.8%                 5.6%             5.1%
USD
          Upper                                                                5.4%         5.7%              5.8%              6.2%                 5.9%             5.3%
          Lower                                                                2.5%         2.5%              2.8%              3.0%                 3.2%             4.3%
EUR
          Upper                                                                3.6%         3.6%              3.8%              4.0%                 4.1%             4.5%
          Lower                                                                4.9%         4.8%              5.1%              5.7%                 5.7%             4.3%
GBP
          Upper                                                                5.7%         5.5%              5.9%              6.5%                 6.5%             5.1%

The spot rates in the tables above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets.
When interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a
risk-free rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.

Impact of assumption changes and management actions
Throughout the year, Lifeco completed certain assumption reviews and model refinements related to insurance contract
liabilities. The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management actions for
the years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:
                                                                                                                                             CSM              Net earnings
For the year ended December 31, 2025                                                                                                       impacts 1        impact (pre-tax)

Assumptions
  Longevity 2                                                                                                                                  30                       18
  Mortality 3                                                                                                                                 (21)                     (27)
  Policyholder behaviour 4                                                                                                                   (184)                      50
  Other 5                                                                                                                                      25                     (141)
Total                                                                                                                                        (150)                    (100)

For the year ended December 31, 2024
Total                                                                                                                                        252                      (209)
1 Excludes participating and segregated fund policies.
2 Updates to reflect recent longevity experience, primarily on portfolios in the Capital and Risk Solutions business and in the European business.
3 Updates to reflect recent mortality experience on the United States life reinsurance portfolio in the Capital and Risk Solutions business, and recent mortality experience
  and trends in the Canadian business.
4 Updates to lapse assumptions on universal life insurance in the Canadian business.
5 Other updates, including financial and expense assumptions.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               A  155
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 11            REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       ANALYSIS BY REMAINING COVERAGE AND INCURRED CLAIMS
                                                                                                             Asset for remaining coverage                                 Asset for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                                           Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                                                                 Estimates of              Risk
                                                                                                          Excluding loss             Loss                    present value of    adjustment for
                                                                                                               recovery          recovery      Contracts not      future cash     non-financial
                                       December 31, 2025                                                    component          component         under PAA              flows               risk        Total

                                       Opening assets                                                           16,594                 72               1,046              124                  6     17,842
                                       Opening liabilities                                                      (1,269)                28                 339               99                  8       (795)
                                       Net opening balance                                                      15,325                100               1,385              223                 14     17,047
                                       Changes in the statements of earnings and
                                         of comprehensive income
                                       Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                  (4,643)                 (3)             1,935            1,003                   5    (1,703)
                                       Investment components                                                      (140)                 -                 140                -                  -          -
                                       Net finance income (expenses)
                                         from reinsurance contracts,
                                         excluding the effect of changes in
                                         non-performance risk of reinsurers                                       (349)                 (2)               18                   7                -       (326)
                                       Effect of movement in exchange rates                                       (383)                  2                45                   5                -       (331)
                                       Total changes in the statements of earnings
                                         and of comprehensive income                                            (5,515)                 (3)             2,138            1,015                  5     (2,360)

                                       Cash flows
                                       Premiums paid                                                             5,292                  -                  -                  -                 -      5,292
                                       Incurred claims received and other insurance
                                         service amounts received                                                    -                  -            (2,062)              (908)                 -     (2,970)
                                       Other cash flows 1                                                         (767)                 -                 -                  -                  -       (767)
                                       Total cash flows                                                          4,525                  -            (2,062)              (908)                 -      1,555

                                       Other movements 2                                                          (311)                 -                   -                -                  -       (311)
                                       Net closing balance 3                                                    14,024                 97               1,461              330                 19     15,931

                                       Recorded in:
                                         Closing assets                                                         15,473                 79                 948              331                 19     16,850
                                         Closing liabilities                                                    (1,449)                18                 513               (1)                 -       (919)
                                       Net closing balance 3                                                    14,024                 97               1,461              330                 19     15,931
                                       1 Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
                                       2 Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other than
                                         exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
                                       3 Included in the reinsurance contracts held amounts are funds withheld by Lifeco under reinsurance contracts of $5,463 million.




                                            A  156                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 11 REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                          Asset for remaining coverage                           Asset for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                     Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                           Estimates of              Risk
                                                                      Excluding loss            Loss                   present value of    adjustment for
                                                                           recovery         recovery     Contracts not      future cash     non-financial
December 31, 2024                                                       component         component        under PAA              flows               risk            Total

Opening assets                                                               15,981               90             1,002             247                12        17,332
Opening liabilities                                                            (885)              20               218              (1)                -          (648)
Net opening balance                                                          15,096              110             1,220             246                12        16,684
Changes in the statements of earnings and
  of comprehensive income
Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                      (4,457)             (10)            1,906             961                  1       (1,599)
Investment components                                                          (123)               -               123               -                 -             -
Net finance income (expenses)
  from reinsurance contracts,
  excluding the effect of changes in
  non-performance risk of reinsurers                                            (52)               (1)             36                6                  1          (10)
Effect of movement in exchange rates                                          1,036                 1              19                5                 -         1,061
Total changes in the statements of earnings
  and of comprehensive income                                                (3,596)             (10)            2,084             972                 2          (548)

Cash flows
Premiums paid                                                                 3,799                -                -                -                 -         3,799
Incurred claims received and other insurance
  service amounts received                                                        -                -          (1,919)            (995)                 -        (2,914)
Other cash flows 1                                                              510                -               -                -                  -           510
Total cash flows                                                              4,309                -          (1,919)            (995)                 -         1,395

Other movements 2                                                              (484)               -                 -               -                 -          (484)
Net closing balance 3                                                        15,325              100             1,385             223                14        17,047

Recorded in:
  Closing assets                                                             16,594               72             1,046             124                 6        17,842
  Closing liabilities                                                        (1,269)              28               339              99                 8          (795)
Net closing balance 3                                                        15,325              100             1,385             223                14        17,047
1 Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
2 Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other than
  exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
3 Included in the reinsurance contracts held amounts are funds withheld by Lifeco under reinsurance contracts of $4,276 million.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              A  157
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 11 REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       ANALYSIS BY MEASUREMENT COMPONENT FOR REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD NOT MEASURED UNDER PAA
                                                                                                                                      Estimates of                   Risk
                                                                                                                                  present value of        adjustment for
                                       December 31, 2025                                                                         future cash flows      non-financial risk             CSM             Total

                                       Opening assets                                                                                    16,644                     731                 344         17,719
                                       Opening liabilities                                                                               (2,488)                  1,021                 728           (739)
                                       Net opening balance                                                                               14,156                   1,752               1,072         16,980

                                       Changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income
                                       Changes that relate to current service
                                          CSM recognized for services received                                                                 -                       -              (125)           (125)
                                          Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                    -                    (175)                -            (175)
                                          Experience adjustments                                                                              52                       -                 -              52
                                       Changes that relate to future service
                                          Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                       (106)                     138                (22)             10
                                          Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                           56                       38                (94)              -
                                          Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses
                                            on onerous contracts                                                                             (16)                     14                 -               (2)
                                       Changes that relate to past service
                                          Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability
                                            for incurred claims                                                                              (17)                     (1)                -             (18)
                                       Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                               (31)                     14              (241)           (258)
                                       Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts, excluding
                                         the effect of changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                                       (353)                      (6)               26            (333)
                                       Effect of movement in foreign exchange rates                                                        (404)                      57                10            (337)
                                       Total changes in the statements of earnings and of
                                         comprehensive income                                                                              (788)                      65              (205)           (928)

                                       Cash flows
                                       Premiums paid                                                                                      2,852                        -                 -           2,852
                                       Incurred claims received and other insurance service amounts received                             (2,062)                       -                 -          (2,062)
                                       Other cash flows 1                                                                                  (767)                       -                 -            (767)
                                       Total cash flows                                                                                      23                        -                 -              23

                                       Other movements 2                                                                                   (311)                      -                  -            (311)
                                       Net closing balance                                                                               13,080                   1,817                867          15,764

                                       Recorded in:
                                         Closing assets                                                                                  15,713                     708                255          16,676
                                         Closing liabilities                                                                             (2,633)                  1,109                612            (912)
                                       Net closing balance                                                                               13,080                   1,817                867          15,764
                                       1 Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
                                       2 Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other than
                                         exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                            A  158                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 11 REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                Estimates of                    Risk
                                                                                            present value of         adjustment for
December 31, 2024                                                                          future cash flows       non-financial risk         CSM                 Total

Opening assets                                                                                     16,181                      866            163              17,210
Opening liabilities                                                                                (2,419)                     863            950                (606)
Net opening balance                                                                                13,762                    1,729          1,113              16,604

Changes in the statements of earnings and of comprehensive income
Changes that relate to current service
   CSM recognized for services received                                                                  -                       -           (131)               (131)
   Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                     -                    (176)             -                (176)
   Experience adjustments                                                                               43                       (1)            -                  42
Changes that relate to future service
   Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                        (115)                     159            (34)                  10
   Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                           (27)                     (34)            61                    -
   Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses
     on onerous contracts                                                                              (17)                      11             -                   (6)
Changes that relate to past service
   Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability
     for incurred claims                                                                                25                        -             -                  25
Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                (91)                     (41)         (104)               (236)
Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts, excluding
  the effect of changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                                         (83)                       31            35                 (17)
Effect of movement in foreign exchange rates                                                          998                        33            28               1,059
Total changes in the statements of earnings and of
  comprehensive income                                                                                824                        23           (41)                806

Cash flows
Premiums paid                                                                                       1,462                         -             -               1,462
Incurred claims received and other insurance service amounts received                              (1,918)                        -             -              (1,918)
Other cash flows 1                                                                                    510                         -             -                 510
Total cash flows                                                                                       54                         -             -                  54

Other movements 2                                                                                    (484)                       -              -                (484)
Net closing balance                                                                                14,156                    1,752          1,072              16,980

Recorded in:
  Closing assets                                                                                   16,644                      731            344              17,719
  Closing liabilities                                                                              (2,488)                   1,021            728                (739)
Net closing balance                                                                                14,156                    1,752          1,072              16,980
1   Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
2   Other movements represents changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where Lifeco has no continuing involvement other than
    exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  159
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 11 REINSURANCE CONTRACTS HELD (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CSM BY TRANSITION APPROACH
                                                                                                                                                December 31 ,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                                      2025                 2024

                                       Reinsurance contracts held under fair value approach
                                       CSM balance, beginning of year                                                                                   1,021             1,106

                                       Change related to current service provided
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                                                                               (123)          (124)
                                       Changes that relate to future service
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                              2            (24)
                                       Total changes in insurance service result                                                                            (121)          (148)
                                       Net finance expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                        41             63
                                       Total change                                                                                                          (80)           (85)
                                       CSM balance, end of year                                                                                              941          1,021

                                       Other reinsurance contracts held
                                       CSM balance, beginning of year                                                                                         51              7

                                       Change related to current service provided
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                 (2)             (7)
                                       Changes that relate to future service
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                          (22)           (34)
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                            (96)            85
                                       Total changes in insurance service result                                                                            (120)            44
                                       Net finance expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                         (5)            -
                                       Total change                                                                                                         (125)            44
                                       CSM balance, end of year                                                                                              (74)            51


                                       Net CSM balance, end of year                                                                                         867           1,072


                                       EFFECT ON MEASUREMENT COMPONENTS OF CONTRACTS INITIALLY RECOGNIZED IN THE YEAR
                                                                                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                                       2025                2024

                                       Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                      3,332             3,522
                                       Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                      (3,226)           (3,407)
                                       Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                            (138)             (159)
                                       Income recognized on initial recognition                                                                            10                10
                                       CSM                                                                                                                 22                34

                                       Lifeco did not acquire any reinsurance contracts held through transfer or business combination.

                                       EXPECTED REMAINING CSM RECOGNITION
                                                                                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                                                                       2025                2024

                                       1 year or less                                                                                                       (107)          (122)
                                       1-2 years                                                                                                             (94)          (109)
                                       2-3 years                                                                                                             (82)           (97)
                                       3-4 years                                                                                                             (71)           (86)
                                       4-5 years                                                                                                             (60)           (76)
                                       5-10 years                                                                                                           (210)          (262)
                                       Over 10 years                                                                                                        (243)          (320)
                                                                                                                                                            (867)        (1,072)




                                           A  160                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 12 INVESTMENT CONTRACT LIABILITIES




                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Change in investment contract liabilities measured at fair value is as follows:
                                                                                              December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                 2024

Balance, beginning of year                                                                        90,157               88,919
  Normal change in in-force business                                                              (1,870)              (8,469)
  Investment experience                                                                            5,020                2,932
  Management action and changes in assumptions                                                       (16)                   -
  Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                                         (4,249)               6,775
Balance, end of year                                                                              89,042               90,157

All investment contract liabilities are measured at FVPL.


NOTE 13 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES

Lifeco offers segregated fund products in Canada, the U.S. and Europe that are referred to as segregated funds, separate
accounts and unit-linked funds in the respective markets. These funds are contracts issued by insurers to segregated fund
policyholders where the benefit is directly linked to the performance of the investments, the risks or rewards of the fair value
movements and net investment income is realized by the segregated fund policyholders. The segregated fund policyholders
are required to select segregated funds that hold a range of underlying investments. While Lifeco has legal title to the
investments, there is a contractual obligation to pass along the investment results to the segregated fund policyholder. These
investments are segregated from those of Lifeco itself.
In Canada and the U.S., the segregated fund and separate account assets are legally separated from the general assets of
Lifeco under the terms of the policyholder agreement and cannot be used to settle obligations of Lifeco. In Europe, the assets
of the funds are functionally and constructively segregated from those of Lifeco. As a result of the legal and constructive
arrangements of these funds, the assets of these funds are presented on the balance sheets as investments on account of
segregated fund policyholders and the associated liabilities as investment contracts on account of segregated fund
policyholders and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders.
In circumstances where the segregated funds are invested in structured entities and are deemed to control the entity, Lifeco
has presented the non-controlling ownership interest within the segregated funds for the risk of policyholders as equal and
offsetting amounts in the assets and liabilities. The amounts presented within are $6,708 million at December 31, 2025
($6,082 million at December 31, 2024).
Within the statements of earnings, all segregated fund policyholders’ income, including fair value changes and net investment
income, is credited to the segregated fund policyholders and reflected in the assets and liabilities on account of segregated
fund policyholders within the balance sheets. These revenues and expenses are presented in the statements of earnings
where the contracts with the segregated fund policyholders are classified as insurance contracts.

Segregated Funds Guarantee Exposure
Lifeco offers retail segregated fund products, unitized with profits products and variable annuity products that provide for
certain guarantees that are tied to the market values of the investment funds. While these products are similar to mutual funds,
there is a key difference from mutual funds as the segregated funds have certain guarantee features that protect the
segregated fund policyholder from market declines in the underlying investments. These guarantees are Lifeco’s primary
exposure on these funds. Lifeco accounts for these guarantees within insurance and investment contract liabilities in the
financial statements. In addition to Lifeco’s exposure on the guarantees, the fees earned by Lifeco on these products are
impacted by the market value of these funds.
In Canada, Lifeco offers retail segregated fund products through Canada Life. These products provide guaranteed minimum
death benefits and guaranteed minimum accumulation on maturity benefits.
In the U.S., Lifeco has a mix of open and closed blocks of group variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal
benefits and a closed block of group standalone guaranteed minimum death benefits products which mainly provide return
of premium on death. The guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits portfolio has been reinsured by a third party.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  161
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In Europe, Lifeco offers unitized with profits products in Germany and unit-linked products with investment guarantees in
                                       Ireland. These products are similar to segregated fund products but include minimum credited interest rates and pooling of
                                       policyholders’ funds.
                                       Lifeco also offers guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits products in the U.S. and Germany, and previously offered a
                                       guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits product in Canada and Ireland. Certain guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits
                                       products offered by Lifeco offer levels of death and maturity guarantees. At December 31, 2025, the amount of guaranteed
                                       minimum withdrawal benefits products in force in Canada, the U.S., Ireland and Germany was $7,084 million ($7,538 million
                                       at December 31, 2024).
                                       The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                       requirements of each region of Lifeco’s operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:

                                       INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                        December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                              2025                      2024

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             20,297                    18,895
                                       Bonds                                                                                                                                 76,080                    74,444
                                       Mortgage loans                                                                                                                         2,142                     2,083
                                       Shares and units in unit trusts                                                                                                      176,933                   154,439
                                       Mutual funds                                                                                                                         262,239                   232,073
                                       Investment properties                                                                                                                 11,050                    11,317
                                                                                                                                                                            548,741                   493,251
                                       Accrued income                                                                                                                           986                       882
                                       Other liabilities                                                                                                                     (5,266)                   (3,829)
                                       Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                                   6,708                     6,082
                                       Total 1 2                                                                                                                            551,169                   496,386
                                       1 At December 31, 2025, $58,675 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders were reinsured by Lifeco on a modified co-insurance basis
                                         ($65,315 million at December 31, 2024). Included in this amount are $598 million of cash and cash equivalents, $9,666 million of bonds, $16 million of shares and units in
                                         unit trusts, $48,364 million of mutual funds, $78 million of accrued income and $47 million of other liabilities.
                                       2 At December 31, 2025, $2,787 million of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the balance sheets were expected to be transferred to Countrywide
                                         in 2026 ($2,750 million at December 31, 2024) (Note 3). Included in this amount are $93 million of cash and cash equivalents, $2,718 million of shares and units in unit
                                         trusts and $24 million of other liabilities.


                                       INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                                                        December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                              2025                      2024

                                       Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                       70,418                    66,343
                                       Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                     480,751                   430,043
                                                                                                                                                                            551,169                   496,386




                                             A  162                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 13 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INSURANCE CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
Effect on Measurement Components of Contracts Initially Recognized in the Year
                                                                                                 Profitable                    Onerous
December 31, 2025                                                                          contracts issued             contracts issued                    Total

Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                        -                            -                        -
Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                 3,613                           49                    3,662
Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                         3,613                           49                    3,662
Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                         (3,613)                         (49)                  (3,662)
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                  -                            -                        -
Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                                  -                            -                        -


                                                                                                 Profitable                    Onerous
December 31, 2024                                                                          contracts issued             contracts issued                    Total

Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                        -                             -                       -
Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                 3,938                             -                   3,938
Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                         3,938                             -                   3,938
Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                         (3,938)                            -                  (3,938)
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                  -                             -                       -
Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                                  -                             -                       -


CHANGES IN INSURANCE AND INVESTMENT CONTRACTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
                                                                                                                                       Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                               2025                        2024

Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                496,386                      422,956
Additions (deductions):
  Policyholder deposits                                                                                                    64,200                       64,353
  Net investment income                                                                                                    10,363                        9,653
  Net realized capital gains on investments                                                                                22,559                       13,113
  Net unrealized capital gains on investments                                                                              19,433                       30,777
  Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                         (153)                      21,161
  Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                (62,276)                     (65,662)
  Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                         18                            5
  Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                          (1)                          1
  Net transfer from general fund                                                                                               14                           17
  Non-controlling mutual fund interest                                                                                        626                           12
                                                                                                                           54,783                       73,430
Balance, end of year                                                                                                      551,169                      496,386


INVESTMENTS ON ACCOUNT OF SEGREGATED FUND POLICYHOLDERS
(by fair value hierarchy level)
                                                                                                                                                December 31, 2025
                                                                                       Level 1                Level 2                 Level 3               Total
                                                                             1
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                              402,281             139,230                    14,013              555,524
1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,355 million.


                                                                                                                                                December 31, 2024
                                                                                       Level 1                Level 2                 Level 3               Total
                                                                             1
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                              348,889              136,947                     13,354            499,190
1 Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,804 million.




                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   A  163
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 13 SEGREGATED FUNDS AND OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In 2025, certain foreign equity holdings valued at $2,779 million were transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 ($1,624 million were
                                       transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2024), primarily based on Lifeco’s change in use of inputs in addition to
                                       quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign equity holdings. Level 2 assets include the assets where fair value is not
                                       available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in active markets and
                                       where Lifeco does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
                                       As at December 31, 2025, $6,315 million ($4,061 million at December 31, 2024) of the segregated funds were invested in
                                       funds managed by IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, subsidiaries of IGM and related parties.
                                       The following presents additional information about Lifeco’s investments on account of segregated fund policyholders for
                                       which Lifeco has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:
                                                                                                                                                 December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                       2025            2024

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                                                                      13,354        13,792
                                         Total losses included in segregated fund investment income                                                      (450)         (758)
                                         Purchases                                                                                                      2,067         1,130
                                         Sales                                                                                                         (1,066)         (872)
                                         Transfers into Level 3                                                                                           135            97
                                         Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                         (27)          (35)
                                       Balance, end of year                                                                                            14,013        13,354


                                       Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of
                                       Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
                                       market prices with multiple pricing vendors.

                                       OTHER STRUCTURED ENTITIES
                                       In addition to the segregated funds, Lifeco has interests in a number of structured unconsolidated entities including mutual
                                       funds, open-ended investment companies, and unit trusts. These entities are created as investment strategies for its unit
                                       holders based on the directive of each individual fund.
                                       Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of Lifeco, which are paid sub-advisory fees at normal market rates for
                                       their services.
                                       Lifeco earns management fees related to managing the segregated fund products. Management fees can be variable due to
                                       the performance of factors, such as markets or industries, in which the fund invests. Fee income derived in connection with
                                       the management of investment funds generally increases or decreases in direct relationship with changes of assets under
                                       management, which is affected by prevailing market conditions, and the inflow and outflow of client assets.
                                       Factors that could cause assets under management and fees to decrease include declines in equity markets, changes in fixed
                                       income markets, changes in interest rates and defaults, redemptions and other withdrawals, political and other economic
                                       risks, changing investment trends and relative investment performance. The risk is that fees may vary but expenses and
                                       recovery of initial expenses are relatively fixed, and market conditions may cause a shift in asset mix potentially resulting in a
                                       change in revenue.
                                       Fee income earned by Lifeco resulting from Lifeco’s interests in segregated funds and other structured entities was
                                       $5,115 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 ($4,820 million in 2024).
                                       Included within other assets (Note 8) at December 31, 2025 is $3,832 million ($3,540 million at December 31, 2024) of
                                       investments by Lifeco in bonds and shares of consolidated Empower CLOs and other sponsored funds and $163 million
                                       ($161 million at December 31, 2024) of investments in shares of sponsored unit trusts in Europe.




                                           A  164                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 14 OBLIGATIONS TO SECURITIZATION ENTITIES




                                                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC)-sponsored National
Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through
Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions do not meet the
requirements for derecognition as IGM retains prepayment risk and certain elements of credit risk. Accordingly, IGM has
retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting liabilities for the net proceeds received as
obligations to securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.
IGM earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of the CMB
transactions, IGM enters into a swap transaction whereby IGM pays coupons on CMBs and receives investment returns on the
NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this swap, related to the obligation to pay
CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal, and the hedging swap used to manage exposure
to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as derivatives with a negative fair value of $4.7 million at
December 31, 2025 (negative fair value of $7.9 million in 2024).
All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Programs are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer under
the program. As part of the ABCP transactions, IGM has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement which are recorded
at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP trusts have no recourse to
IGM’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.

                                                                                          December 31, 2025                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                 Obligation to                                        Obligation to
                                                                   Securitized   securitization                   Securitized         securitization
                                                                   mortgages           entities         Net       mortgages                 entities         Net

Carrying value
  NHA MBS and CMB Programs                                              2,580         2,597            (17)            2,495               2,476              19
  Bank-sponsored ABCP                                                   2,180         2,218            (38)            2,551               2,549               2
Total                                                                   4,760         4,815            (55)            5,046               5,025              21

Fair value                                                              4,890         4,916            (26)            5,078               5,098              (20)


The carrying value of obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal payments
received on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue costs are amortized
over the life of the obligation using an effective interest rate method.


NOTE 15 POWER CORPORATION’S DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                                               December 31, 2025             December 31, 2024
                                                                                                              Carrying       Fair           Carrying       Fair
                                                                                                                 value      value              value      value

POWER CORPORATION
Debentures - unsecured
  8.57% debentures due April 22, 2039                                                                            150            203            150         209
  4.81% debentures due January 31, 2047                                                                          249            246            249         253
  4.455% debentures due July 27, 2048                                                                            248            233            248         241

Total Power Corporation                                                                                          647            682            647         703

There are no principal repayments on debentures in each of the next five years.

The Corporation has a line of credit of $500 million bearing interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 0.70%. At December 31,
2025 and 2024, the Corporation was not using its line of credit.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            A  165
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 16 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       A) POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
                                       The following table presents the debentures and other debt instruments issued by Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM. The
                                       debentures of Power Financial are direct obligations of Power Financial and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All
                                       debentures and other debt instruments of Lifeco and its subsidiaries are direct obligations of Lifeco or its subsidiaries, as
                                       applicable, and are non-recourse to the Corporation. All of the debentures of IGM are direct obligations of IGM and are non-
                                       recourse to the Corporation.

                                                                                                                                               December 31, 2025           December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                            Carrying         Fair       Carrying         Fair
                                                                                                                                               value        value          value        value

                                       POWER FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         6.90% debentures due March 11, 2033                                                                    250              289       250          289

                                       Total Power Financial                                                                                    250              289       250          289

                                       LIFECO
                                       Debentures and Senior Bonds – unsecured
                                          1.75% senior bonds due December 7, 2026 (€500 million) ¹                                              805              796       743          731
                                          3.337% debentures due February 28, 2028                                                               499              503       499          498
                                          6.40% subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028                                                   100              109       100          110
                                          4.70% senior bonds due November 16, 2029 (€500 million) ¹                                             802              855       742          806
                                          2.379% debentures due May 14, 2030                                                                    598              581       598          563
                                          6.74% debentures due November 24, 2031                                                                197              230       197          231
                                          6.67% debentures due March 21, 2033                                                                   397              465       396          467
                                          5.998% debentures due November 16, 2039                                                               343              385       343          396
                                          2.981% debentures due July 8, 2050                                                                    494              363       494          378
                                          7.529% capital trust debentures due June 30, 2052 (face value of $150 million)                        154              177       155          179
                                                                                                                                              4,389            4,464     4,267        4,359

                                       Other Debt Instruments – unsecured
                                         Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rates of
                                           3.921% to 4.204% (4.930% at December 31, 2024)                                                       273              273       144          144
                                         0.904% senior notes due August 12, 2025 (US$500 million)                                                 -                -       719          703
                                         1.357% senior notes due September 17, 2027 (US$400 million)                                            547              525       575          523
                                         4.047% senior notes due May 17, 2028 (US$300 million)                                                  411              411       431          417
                                         4.51% mortgage on investment property due January 1, 2029 (US$39 million)                               51               51        54           54
                                         1.776% senior notes due March 17, 2031 (US$400 million)                                                546              488       574          471
                                         4.15% senior notes due June 3, 2047 (US$700 million)                                                   946              777       993          797
                                         4.581% senior notes due May 17, 2048 (US$500 million)                                                  679              591       714          603
                                         3.075% senior notes due September 17, 2051 (US$700 million)                                            950              618       998          633
                                                                                                                                              4,403            3,734     5,202        4,345

                                       Total Lifeco                                                                                           8,792            8,198     9,469        8,704

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       Debentures – unsecured
                                         3.44% debentures due January 26, 2027                                                                  400              402       400          400
                                         6.65% debentures due December 13, 2027                                                                 125              133       125          135
                                         7.45% debentures due May 9, 2031                                                                       150              174       150          174
                                         7.00% debentures due December 31, 2032                                                                 175              205       175          203
                                         7.11% debentures due March 7, 2033                                                                     150              177       150          175
                                         6.00% debentures due December 10, 2040                                                                 200              223       200          228
                                         4.56% debentures due January 25, 2047                                                                  200              189       200          195
                                         4.115% debentures due December 9, 2047                                                                 250              221       250          229
                                         4.174% debentures due July 13, 2048                                                                    200              178       200          184
                                         4.206% debentures due March 21, 2050                                                                   250              222       250          231
                                         5.426% debentures due May 26, 2053                                                                     300              318       300          332
                                       Debentures of IGM held by Lifeco as investments                                                          (88)             (89)      (88)         (90)

                                       Total IGM                                                                                              2,312            2,353     2,312        2,396

                                       Total Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                                                11,354           10,840     12,031       11,389
                                       1 Designated by Lifeco as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.




                                            A  166                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 16 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
LIFECO
On August 12, 2025, Great-West Lifeco U.S. Finance 2020, LP, a subsidiary of Lifeco, repaid the principal amount of its
maturing 0.904% US$500 million senior notes, together with accrued interest.

Capital Trust Debentures
Canada Life Capital Trust (CLCT), a trust established by Canada Life, had issued $150 million of Canada Life Capital Securities
– Series B (CLiCS – Series B), the proceeds of which were used by CLCT to purchase Canada Life senior debentures in the
amount of $150 million.
Distributions and interest on the capital trust debentures are classified as financing charges in the statements of earnings
(Note 26). The fair value for capital trust securities is determined by the bid-ask price.
Subject to regulatory approval, CLCT may redeem the CLiCS – Series B, in whole or in part, at any time.

CHANGES IN DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – POWER FINANCIAL, LIFECO AND IGM
The table below details changes in the debentures and other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both
cash and non-cash changes.

                                                                                             December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                  2024

Balance, beginning of the year                                                                   12,031                11,608
  Increase in other debt instruments                                                                138                    54
  Repayment of senior notes                                                                        (689)                     -
  Decrease in other debt instruments                                                                   -                  (60)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                      (126)                  429
Balance, end of year                                                                             11,354                12,031

The principal repayments on debentures and other debt instruments in each of the next five years and thereafter are as
follows:

2026                                                                                                                    1,078
2027                                                                                                                    1,040
2028                                                                                                                    1,011
2029                                                                                                                      857
2030                                                                                                                      600
Thereafter                                                                                                              6,815




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                           A  167
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 16 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       B) ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER – PROJECT AND OTHER DEBT
                                       The following table presents the other debt instruments held by alternative asset investment platforms and other subsidiaries.
                                       All other debt instruments are credit or loan facilities that are direct obligations, and secured by the assets, of subsidiaries of
                                       the Corporation and are non-recourse to the Corporation.

                                                                                                                                                            December 31, 2025             December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                          Carrying        Fair          Carrying        Fair
                                                                                                                                                             value       value             value       value

                                       OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS
                                       Investment Funds and Other - secured
                                          Revolving credit facility up to $420 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 2.75%,
                                           prime rate plus 1.75%, U.S. base rate plus 1.75% or SOFR plus 2.75% ($21 million and
                                           US$136 million) ($17 million and US$179 million at December 31, 2024)                                              207             207          274         274
                                          Revolving credit facility up to $300 million, with interest equal to CORRA plus 0.9%                                100             100            -           -
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$90 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 1.8% (US$58 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                    -                 -       83          83
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$75 million, with interest equal to the U.S. base rate
                                           minus 0.35% (US$14 million) (US$11 million at December 31, 2024)                                                     19                 19       16          16
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$68 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 2.0% (US$5 million) (US$5 million at December 31, 2024)                                                     7                 7         7            7
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$62 million, bearing interest at various rates from
                                           SOFR plus 1.75% to 2.65% (US$62 million) (US$26 million at December 31, 2024)                                        85                 85       37          37
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$53 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 1.6% (US$3 million)                                                                                         4                 4          -           -
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$50 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 1.85% (US$9 million)                                                                                       12                 12         -           -
                                          Revolving credit facility up to US$49 million, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 2.0% (US$38 million) (US$49 million at December 31, 2024)                                                  52                 52       71          71
                                          Mezzanine loan due in February 2029, with interest equal to 15.0% (€10 million)                                       15                 15        -           -
                                          Mortgages on investment properties, due from August 2028 to August 2030,
                                           bearing interest at various rates from 3.0% to 5.34% and
                                           SOFR plus 2.75% (US$63 million) (US$29 million at December 31, 2024)                                                 86                 86       43          43
                                          Senior loan facility due in May 2028, with interest equal to
                                           SOFR plus 4.75% (US$19 million)                                                                                     26              26            -           -
                                                                                                                                                              613             613          531         531

                                       Renewable Energy - Project debt - secured
                                         Construction loan facilities due from January 2026 to June 2026, bearing interest at
                                          various rates equal to SOFR plus 2.25% to 3.375%, U.S. base rate plus 1.25% and
                                          CORRA plus 2.75% ($39 million and US$478 million)
                                          (US$420 million at December 31, 2024)                                                                               695             696          604         604
                                         Loan facilities due from December 2030 to December 2037, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 4.23% to 6.0% and CORRA plus 1.625%                                                              448             435          496         479
                                         Loan facilities due from May 2027 to December 2059, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 3.62% to 6.93% and prime rate plus 1.5% ($1,039 million
                                          and US$148 million) ($1,105 million and US$160 million at December 31, 2024)                                      1,242           1,220        1,335       1,341
                                         Loan facilities due from June 2026 to December 2055, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 2.73% to 6.89%, SOFR plus 2.0% and SOFR plus 2.25%
                                          (US$598 million) (US$395 million at December 31, 2024)                                                              818             801          568         568
                                         Mezzanine loans due from January 2035 to June 2035, bearing interest at
                                          various rates from 7.36% to 7.5%                                                                                     84              81           88          84
                                                                                                                                                            3,287           3,233        3,091       3,076

                                       Standalone Business - secured
                                          Revolving credit facility and term loan facilities due in April 2026 bearing interest at
                                           various rates equal to prime rate or U.S. base rate plus 4.0%
                                           and CORRA or SOFR plus 5.0% ¹                                                                                      169             169          186         186
                                          Subordinated term facility of $65 million, bearing interest at 13.5%, principal and
                                           accrued interest payable at maturity in October 2026                                                                77              77           70          70
                                                                                                                                                              246             246          256         256

                                       Total alternative asset investment platforms and other                                                               4,146           4,092        3,878       3,863
                                       1 The revolving credit and term loan facilities are subject to certain financial covenants including a minimum cumulative EBITDA covenant. At December 31, 2025, this
                                         covenant was not in compliance; however, the lenders have provided a tolerance letter valid until April 30, 2026.




                                            A  168                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 16 NON-RECOURSE DEBENTURES AND OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                  PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CHANGES IN OTHER DEBT INSTRUMENTS – ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
The table below details changes in the other debt instruments arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
cash changes.
                                                                                            December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                  2025                   2024

Balance, beginning of the year                                                                   3,878                  3,017
  Acquisitions                                                                                      46                     23
  Increase in other debt instruments                                                             1,162                  1,183
  Decrease in other debt instruments                                                              (861)                  (462)
  Changes in foreign exchange rates and other                                                      (79)                   117
Balance, end of year                                                                             4,146                  3,878


The principal repayments on other debt instruments in each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:

2026 1                                                                                                                  1,316
2027                                                                                                                      293
2028                                                                                                                      149
2029                                                                                                                      348
2030                                                                                                                      243
Thereafter                                                                                                              1,891
1 Includes revolving credit facilities of $532 million.




                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                   A  169
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 17 OTHER LIABILITIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                        December 31,      December 31, 1
                                                                                                                                                                              2025              2024

                                       Accounts payable                                                                                                                        5,251            4,615
                                       Securities loaned                                                                                                                       3,733            1,339
                                       Bank overdraft                                                                                                                            375              379
                                       Dividends and interest payable                                                                                                            575              538
                                       Income taxes payable                                                                                                                      533              345
                                       Deferred income reserves                                                                                                                  284              264
                                       Pension and other post-employment benefits [Note 27]                                                                                      866              893
                                       Lease liabilities                                                                                                                         806              836
                                       Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                                              3,904            3,791
                                       Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                                                                                  4,128            2,928
                                       Other                                                                                                                                   6,844            6,805
                                                                                                                                                                              27,299           22,733
                                       1 Comparative figures have been reclassified to confirm with the current year’s presentation.


                                       Other liabilities of $15,886 million as at December 31, 2025 ($12,926 million as at December 31, 2024) are expected to be
                                       settled within 12 months.

                                       LEASE LIABILITIES
                                       The changes in the lease liabilities are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                         December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                               2025             2024

                                       Lease liabilities, beginning of year                                                                                                       836             740
                                         Additions                                                                                                                                 86             168
                                         Modifications                                                                                                                              (3)             (9)
                                         Lease payments                                                                                                                          (132)           (126)
                                         Interest                                                                                                                                  36              35
                                         Change in foreign exchange rates and other                                                                                               (17)             28
                                       Lease liabilities, end of year                                                                                                             806             836


                                       The table below presents the contractual undiscounted cash flows for lease obligations in each of the next five years and
                                       thereafter:

                                       2026                                                                                                                                                       121
                                       2027                                                                                                                                                       114
                                       2028                                                                                                                                                       102
                                       2029                                                                                                                                                        91
                                       2030                                                                                                                                                        87
                                       Thereafter                                                                                                                                                 553
                                       Total undiscounted lease liabilities at December 31, 2025                                                                                                1,068




                                             A  170                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 18 INCOME TAXES




                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
INCOME TAXES
The components of the income tax expense recognized in the statements of earnings are:

                                                                                                                Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                      2024

Current taxes
  Current year                                                                                           972                     1,121
  Previously unrecognized tax losses, tax credits or temporary differences used in the year               (5)                      (65)
  Global minimum tax                                                                                     150                       113
                                                                                                       1,117                     1,169

Deferred taxes
  Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                     (225)                     (139)
  Recognition of previously unrecognized tax losses, tax credits or temporary differences                (14)                     (101)
                                                                                                        (239)                     (240)

                                                                                                         878                       929


The following table shows current and deferred taxes relating to items not recognized in the statements of earnings:

                                                                                                                Years ended December 31,
                                                                                               2025                                2024
                                                                                     Other                     Other
                                                                             comprehensive             comprehensive
                                                                                   income     Equity         income               Equity

Current tax expense (recovery)                                                        17        25               (12)                -
Deferred tax expense                                                                  66         9                98                 -
                                                                                      83        34                86                 -


EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE
The Corporation’s effective income tax rate is derived as follows:

                                                                                                                Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                      2024
                                                                                                           %                         %
Combined statutory Canadian federal and provincial tax rates                                            26.5                      26.5
Increase (decrease) in the income tax rate resulting from:
   Non-taxable investment income                                                                        (5.7)                     (6.5)
   Different tax rates applicable in local and foreign jurisdictions                                    (7.8)                     (6.5)
   Global minimum tax                                                                                    2.8                       2.0
   Non-deductible impairment charge of goodwill                                                           -                        1.8
   Share of earnings of investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                   (1.7)                     (1.2)
   Other                                                                                                 2.5                       0.7
Effective income tax rate                                                                               16.6                      16.8




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                  A  171
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 18 INCOME TAXES (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       DEFERRED TAXES
                                       Composition and changes in net deferred taxes are as follows:
                                                                                                   Insurance
                                                                                                          and        Investments
                                                                                                 investment                  and
                                                                                                     contract     investments in        Loss carry         Intangible   Tax credits
                                       For the year ended December 31, 2025                         liabilities        associates        forwards              assets    and other            Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                   (2,620)              2,373             1,624               (826)         377              928
                                       Recognized in
                                         Statements of earnings                                        782                (716)              156                 14             3             239
                                         Statements of comprehensive income                              -                 (19)                 2                 -          (49)             (66)
                                         Statements of changes in equity                                 -                   -                 (2)                -            (7)              (9)
                                       Business acquisitions                                             -                   -                 -                (35)           (2)            (37)
                                       Foreign exchange rate changes and other                         197                 (83)              (64)                39         (157)             (68)
                                       Balance, end of year                                         (1,641)              1,555             1,716               (808)         165              987



                                                                                                   Insurance
                                                                                                          and        Investments
                                                                                                 investment                  and
                                                                                                     contract     investments in        Loss carry         Intangible   Tax credits
                                       For the year ended December 31, 2024                         liabilities        associates        forwards              assets    and other            Total

                                       Balance, beginning of year                                   (2,727)              2,400             1,648             (1,156)         513              678
                                       Recognized in
                                         Statements of earnings                                        358                (188)             (121)               361         (170)             240
                                         Statements of comprehensive income                              -                   (9)               -                  -          (89)             (98)
                                       Foreign exchange rate changes and other                        (251)                170                97                (31)         123              108
                                       Balance, end of year                                         (2,620)              2,373             1,624               (826)         377              928


                                                                                                                                                       December 31,                   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                             2025                           2024

                                       Presented on the balance sheets as follows:
                                          Deferred tax assets                                                                                                  2,408                       2,181
                                          Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                            (1,421)                     (1,253)
                                                                                                                                                                 987                         928


                                       Management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries assess the recoverability of the deferred tax asset carrying values
                                       based on future years’ taxable income projections and believes the carrying values of the deferred tax assets as of
                                       December 31, 2025 are recoverable.
                                       As at December 31, 2025, the Corporation and its subsidiaries have non-capital losses of $1,987 million ($1,813 million in
                                       2024) available to reduce future taxable income for which the benefits have not been recognized. Of this amount,
                                       $1,860 million expire from 2026 to 2045, while $127 million have no expiry date. In addition, the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries have capital loss carry forwards of $723 million ($843 million in 2024) to offset future capital gains for which the
                                       benefits have not been recognized. Of this amount, $163 million expire from 2028 to 2031 and $560 million can be used
                                       indefinitely.
                                       As at December 31, 2025, the Corporation and its subsidiaries have deductible temporary differences of $1,060 million
                                       ($1,077 million in 2024) for which the benefits have not been recognized. As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, no deferred
                                       tax liability was recognized in respect to temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and jointly
                                       controlled corporations as the Corporation and its subsidiaries are able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary
                                       differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                            A  172                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 19 SHARE CAPITAL




                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
AUTHORIZED
The authorized capital of Power Corporation consists of an unlimited number of First Preferred Shares, issuable in series; an
unlimited number of Participating Preferred Shares; and an unlimited number of Subordinate Voting Shares.

ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING
                                                                                          December 31, 2025              December 31, 2024
                                                                                 Number               Share        Number            Share
                                                                                 of shares           capital       of shares        capital
                                                                                                          $                              $
Non-Participating Shares
First Preferred Shares
   Non-cumulative Redeemable, fixed rate
       Series A                                                                6,000,000               150       6,000,000             150
       Series B                                                                8,000,000               200       8,000,000             200
       Series C                                                                6,000,000               150       6,000,000             150
       Series D                                                               10,000,000               250      10,000,000             250
       Series G                                                                8,000,000               200       8,000,000             200
       Series H                                                                8,000,000               200               -               -
       Series I                                                                8,000,000               200               -               -

Total Non-Participating Shares                                                                       1,350                             950

Participating Shares
Participating Preferred Shares                                                54,860,866               233      54,860,866             233
Subordinate Voting Shares
  Balance, beginning of year                                                 589,948,328             9,003     597,387,873          9,051
      Issued under Stock Option Plan                                           3,305,264               113       3,165,255            113
      Purchased for cancellation under Normal Course Issuer Bid              (12,381,500)             (190)    (10,604,800)          (161)
  Balance, end of year                                                       580,872,092             8,926     589,948,328          9,003
Total Participating Shares                                                                           9,159                          9,236


Non-Participating Shares
On September 22, 2025, the Corporation issued 8,000,000 5.75% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series H (Series H
shares) at $25.00 per share, for gross proceeds of $200 million. The holders of the Series H shares are entitled to receive fixed
non-cumulative preferential cash dividends at a rate equal to $1.4375 per share per annum. On and after October 15, 2030,
the Corporation may redeem for cash the Series H shares in whole or in part, at the Corporation's option, at $26.00 per share
if redeemed prior to October 15, 2031, $25.75 per share if redeemed thereafter and prior to October 15, 2032, $25.50 per
share if redeemed thereafter and prior to October 15, 2033, $25.25 per share if redeemed thereafter and prior to October 15,
2034 and $25.00 per share if redeemed thereafter, in each case together with all declared and unpaid dividends to, but
excluding, the date of redemption. Share issue costs in connection with the Series H shares of $5 million were charged to
retained earnings.
On November 20, 2025, the Corporation issued 8,000,000 5.65% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series I (Series I
shares) at $25.00 per share, for gross proceeds of $200 million. The holders of the Series I shares are entitled to receive fixed
non-cumulative preferential cash dividends at a rate equal to $1.4125 per share per annum. On and after January 15, 2031,
the Corporation may redeem for cash the Series I shares in whole or in part, at the Corporation's option, at $26.00 per share
if redeemed prior to January 15, 2032, $25.75 per share if redeemed thereafter and prior to January 15, 2033, $25.50 per
share if redeemed thereafter and prior to January 15, 2034, $25.25 per share if redeemed thereafter and prior to January 15,
2035 and $25.00 per share if redeemed thereafter, in each case together with all declared and unpaid dividends to, but
excluding, the date of redemption. Share issue costs in connection with the Series I shares of $6 million were charged to
retained earnings.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    A  173
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 19 SHARE CAPITAL (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following First Preferred Shares series are entitled to fixed non-cumulative preferential cash dividends payable quarterly.
                                       The Corporation may redeem for cash the First Preferred Shares in whole or in part, at the Corporation’s option, with all
                                       declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date of redemption. The dividends and redemption terms are as follows:
                                                                                                    Cash dividends                Earliest issuer                 Redemption
                                       First Preferred Shares                                     payable quarterly               redemption date                      price
                                                                                                          ($/share)                                                 ($/share)
                                       Non-cumulative, fixed rate
                                         Series A, 5.60%                                                0.350000                  Currently redeemable                25.00
                                         Series B, 5.35%                                                0.334375                  Currently redeemable                25.00
                                         Series C, 5.80%                                                0.362500                  Currently redeemable                25.00
                                         Series D, 5.00%                                                0.312500                  Currently redeemable                25.00
                                         Series G, 5.60%                                                0.350000                  Currently redeemable                25.00
                                         Series H, 5.75%                                                0.359375                  October 15, 2030                    26.00
                                         Series I, 5.65%                                                0.353125                  January 15, 2031                    26.00


                                       Participating Shares
                                       Participating Preferred Shares are entitled to ten votes per share; and, subject to the rights of holders of the First Preferred
                                       Shares, to a non-cumulative dividend of 0.938¢ per share per annum before dividends on the Subordinate Voting Shares and
                                       have the further right to participate, share and share alike, with the holders of the Subordinate Voting Shares in any dividends
                                       that may be paid with respect to the Subordinate Voting Shares.
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares are entitled to one vote per share. In 2025, 3,305,264 Subordinate Voting Shares (3,165,255 in
                                       2024) were issued under the Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan for a consideration of $104 million ($103 million in
                                       2024).
                                       Dividends declared on the Corporation’s participating shares in 2025 were $2.45 per share ($2.25 per share in 2024).

                                       Normal Course Issuer Bids
                                       On March 1, 2024, the Corporation commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which was effective until February 28,
                                       2025. On March 1, 2025, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which was effective until February 28, 2026. Pursuant to
                                       this NCIB, the Corporation was able to purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
                                       approximately 3.7% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding as at February 18, 2025) at market prices.
                                       In connection with its NCIB, the Corporation has entered into an automatic share purchase plan (ASPP) and may provide
                                       parameters thereunder from time to time to allow a designated broker to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares under the
                                       NCIB at times when the Corporation would ordinarily not be permitted to purchase shares due to regulatory restrictions or
                                       self-imposed blackout periods. Outside of these predetermined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Corporation’s
                                       NCIB will be completed at management’s discretion.
                                       During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Corporation purchased and cancelled 12,381,500 Subordinate Voting Shares
                                       pursuant to this NCIB for a total of $711 million (10,604,800 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $430 million during the
                                       year ended December 31, 2024).
                                       The Corporation’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased for cancellation. The
                                       excess paid over the average carrying value of share capital was $521 million and was recognized as a reduction to retained
                                       earnings ($269 million in 2024).
                                       Subsequent event
                                       On March 1, 2026, the Corporation commenced a new NCIB which is effective until the earlier of February 28, 2027 and the
                                       date on which the Corporation has purchased the maximum permitted number of Subordinate Voting Shares. Pursuant to
                                       this bid, the Corporation may purchase up to 20 million of its Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding (representing
                                       approximately 3.8% of the public float of Subordinate Voting Shares outstanding at February 16, 2026) at market prices. At
                                       March 18, 2026, the Corporation has repurchased 3,036,300 Subordinate Voting Shares for a total of $206 million under the
                                       NCIB programs.




                                             A  174                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION




                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
STOCK OPTION PLAN
There are 19,128,615 Subordinate Voting Shares and 3,126,726 Subordinate Voting Shares reserved for issuance under
Power Corporation’s Executive Stock Option Plan and under Power Financial’s Employee Stock Option Plan, assumed by
Power Corporation (Stock Option Plans). The plans require that the exercise price of the option must not be less than the
market value of a share on the date of the grant of the option.
A summary of the status of the Corporation’s Stock Option Plans, including tandem share appreciation rights (TSAR or TSARs),
as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and changes during the respective years ended is as follows:

                                                                                                                   2025                                 2024
                                                                                                      Weighted-average                     Weighted-average
                                                                                        Options           exercise price         Options       exercise price
                                                                                                                       $                                   $
Outstanding, beginning of year                                                     18,804,983                    32.77       23,532,731               32.41
  Granted                                                                           1,158,924                    50.37        1,292,486               38.09
  Exercised or surrendered for cash                                                (5,897,687)                   31.74       (6,020,234)              32.50
Outstanding, end of year                                                           14,066,220                    34.66       18,804,983               32.77

Options exercisable, end of year                                                     9,999,844                   32.28       14,211,753               31.75


The following table summarizes information about stock options, including TSARs, outstanding at December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                      Options outstanding                Options exercisable
                                    Expiry                                      Weighted-average       Weighted-average                   Weighted-average
Range of exercise prices             date                             Options       remaining life          exercise price       Options      exercise price
$                                                                                             (yrs)                      $                                 $
29.31                               2026                           81,064                    0.2                   29.31         81,064               29.31
31.48 – 33.68                       2027                        1,496,878                    1.2                   32.61      1,496,878               32.61
28.51 – 34.54                       2028                        2,390,941                    2.3                   29.65      2,372,953               29.62
31.12 – 31.84                       2029                        2,339,554                    3.3                   31.46      2,339,554               31.46
34.23                               2030                        2,755,103                    4.1                   34.23      2,755,103               34.23
33.30 – 42.45                       2031                          645,037                    5.2                   33.48        645,037               33.48
38.34                               2032                          642,048                    6.2                   38.34        309,255               38.34
34.54                               2033                        1,264,185                    7.2                   34.54              -                   -
38.09                               2034                        1,292,486                    8.2                   38.09              -                   -
50.37                               2035                        1,158,924                    9.2                   50.37              -                   -
                                                               14,066,220                    4.6                   34.66      9,999,844               32.28




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                       A  175
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       TANDEM SHARE APPRECIATION RIGHTS
                                       The Corporation’s Stock Option Plans provide for the granting of TSARs in connection with options granted thereunder, at or
                                       after the time of grant of such options. A TSAR entitles the optionee to surrender to the Corporation, unexercised, the right
                                       to subscribe for a Subordinate Voting Share pursuant to the related option and to receive cash from the Corporation in an
                                       amount equal to the excess of the market value of a Subordinate Voting Share over the subscription price under the related
                                       option.
                                       A summary of the status of the Corporation’s options with TSARs attached, as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and changes
                                       during the respective years ended is as follows:

                                                                                                                            2025                                                          2024
                                                                                               Weighted-average       Fair value                         Weighted-average           Fair value
                                                                                         TSARs     exercise price     of liability                 TSARs     exercise price         of liability
                                                                                                               $                $                                        $                    $
                                       Outstanding, beginning of year                7,751,627            31.40             84            10,606,606                31.71                  67
                                         Surrendered for cash                       (2,592,423)           32.23            (58)           (2,854,979)               32.54                 (27)
                                         Change in fair value                                                              158                                                             44
                                       Outstanding, end of year                     5,159,204             30.98            184              7,751,627               31.40                  84

                                       TSARs exercisable, end of year               5,159,204             30.98                             7,751,627               31.40


                                       The fair value of the outstanding cash-settled liability was $184 million at December 31, 2025 ($84 million at December 31,
                                       2024) and is recorded in other liabilities. The intrinsic value of this liability at December 31, 2025 was $217 million
                                       ($104 million at December 31, 2024).
                                       The fair value of the TSARs was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
                                       assumptions:
                                                                                                                                                     December 31,               December 31,
                                                                                                                                                           2025                       2024

                                       Dividend yield                                                                                                      5.2%                        5.6%
                                       Expected volatility                                                                                        17.4% – 18.5%               17.9% – 19.8%
                                       Risk-free interest rate                                                                                      2.7% – 2.9%                 3.0% – 3.5%
                                       Expected remaining life (years)                                                                                 1.2 – 3.3                   0.1 – 4.3
                                       Share price ($/share)                                                                                              72.95                       44.84
                                       Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                                         30.98                       31.40
                                       Weighted-average fair value ($/option)                                                                             35.59                       10.82


                                       The Corporation entered into total return swap agreements to manage exposure to the volatility of its cash-settled share-
                                       based payments and related liability. For the year ended December 31, 2025, a net gain of $10 million (a net gain of $1 million
                                       in 2024) arising from the change in fair value of the liability, net of the gain on the remeasurement to fair value of the derivative
                                       instruments, was included in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.




                                           A  176                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 20 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
COMPENSATION EXPENSE
During the year ended December 31, 2025, Power Corporation granted 1,158,924 options (1,292,486 options in 2024) under
its Executive Stock Option Plan. Generally, the options vest on the basis of [i] the first 50%, three years from the date of the
grant and [ii] the remaining 50% four years from the date of the grant.
The fair value of the options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-
average assumptions:
                                                                                              December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                  2024

Dividend yield                                                                                      5.7%                    5.5%
Expected volatility                                                                                18.3%                   18.6%
Risk-free interest rate                                                                             3.1%                    3.4%
Expected life (years)                                                                                9.1                     9.2
Fair value ($/option)                                                                               4.00                    3.53
Weighted-average exercise price ($/option)                                                         50.37                   38.09


The expected volatility has been estimated based on the historical volatility of the Corporation’s share price using the
expected option life.
Lifeco, IGM and Wealthsimple have also established stock option plans pursuant to which options may be granted to certain
officers and employees. In addition, other subsidiaries of the Corporation have established share-based compensation plans.
Compensation expense related to equity-settled stock option plans is recorded based on the fair value of the options or the
fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date, amortized over the vesting period. Total compensation expense relating
to the equity-settled stock options granted by the Corporation and its subsidiaries amounted to $79 million in 2025
($61 million in 2024) and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the statements of earnings.

PERFORMANCE RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS
In 2025, the Corporation established a Performance Restricted Share Unit (PRSU) Plan for selected employees and officers
(participants) to promote long-term share ownership, align participants and shareholders’ interests and enhance the
Corporation’s ability to attract and retain key talent. A maximum of 8,000,000 aggregate Subordinate Voting Shares may be
issued pursuant to the grants made under the PRSU Plan of which 7,679,293 are reserved for issuance at December 31, 2025.
The value of each PRSU is based on the share price of the Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares. Additional PRSUs are
issued in respect to dividends payable on the Subordinate Voting Shares based on the value of the PRSUs at the dividend
payment date. Under the terms of the Plan, PRSUs are subject to time and performance vesting conditions. Grants under the
PRSU Plan will generally vest over three years from the grant date and expire 10 years from the date of the grant. A vested
PRSU may be settled, based on the election of the participant, in (i) equity: the issuance of one Subordinate Voting Share for
each PRSU then being settled, or (ii) cash: a cash payment equal to the fair market value on the redemption date of the PRSU.
It is anticipated that grants under the PRSU Plan would be made in lieu of an equivalent grant-date fair value of Performance
Share Units (PSUs) and/or Performance Deferred Share Units (PDSUs) and, in most cases, entirely replace grants of PSUs and
PDSUs.

Restricted Share Units
During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Corporation granted 294,039 Restricted Share Units (RSUs) to an executive
to assist in retention and further alignment of its interests with those of the shareholders. The fair value of the RSUs granted
was measured based on the market value of the Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares at the grant date and vest on the
basis of [i] 25% two years from the date of grant; [ii] 50% three years from the date of grant; and [iii] 25% four years from the
date of grant. Additional RSUs are issued in respect to dividends payable on the Subordinate Voting Shares at the dividend
payment date.
On November 14, 2025, the Corporation exchanged all outstanding RSUs for an equivalent number of PRSUs. These PRSUs
are not subject to performance vesting conditions and may be settled, based on the election of the participant, in either equity
or cash. The original vesting conditions remain the same, and PRSUs expire 10 years from the initial RSUs grant date. The
Corporation reclassified 320,707 units as cash-settled share-based payments and recognized a liability for the corresponding
vested units, which is measured at fair value at each reporting period. The reclassification as cash-settled share-based
payments resulted in a decrease to retained earnings and to the share-based compensation reserve of $6 million and
$7 million, respectively.
At December 31, 2025, the carrying value of the PRSU liability was $15 million and is recorded within other liabilities.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  177
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 20 SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PERFORMANCE SHARE UNIT PLAN
                                       Power Corporation established a Performance Share Unit (PSU) Plan for selected employees and officers (participants) to
                                       assist in retaining and further aligning the interests of participants with those of the shareholders. Under the terms of the Plan,
                                       PSUs may be awarded annually and are subject to time and performance vesting conditions. The value of each PSU is based
                                       on the share price of the Corporation’s Subordinate Voting Shares. The PSUs are cash settled and vest over a three-year
                                       period. Participants can elect at the time of grant to receive a portion of their PSUs in the form of performance deferred share
                                       units (PDSUs) which also vest over a three-year period. PDSUs are redeemable when a participant is no longer an employee
                                       of the Corporation or any of its affiliates, or in the event of the death of the participant, by a lump-sum cash payment based
                                       on the value of the PDSU at that time. Additional PSUs and PDSUs are issued in respect of dividends payable on the
                                       Subordinate Voting Shares based on the value of the PSU or PDSU at the dividend payment date. At December 31, 2025, the
                                       carrying value of the PSU liability was $122 million ($67 million at December 31, 2024) and is recorded within other liabilities.

                                       DEFERRED SHARE UNIT PLAN
                                       Power Corporation established a Deferred Share Unit (DSU) Plan for its Directors to promote a greater alignment of interests
                                       between Directors and shareholders of the Corporation. Under this Plan, Directors participating in the Plan will receive half of
                                       their annual retainer in the form of DSUs and may elect to receive the remainder of their annual retainer entirely in the form
                                       of DSUs, entirely in cash, or equally in cash and DSUs. The number of DSUs granted is determined by dividing the amount of
                                       remuneration payable by the simple average of the volume weighted-average trading price on the Toronto Stock Exchange
                                       of the Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation during each of the last three trading days immediately preceding the
                                       granting of such DSUs. A Director will receive additional DSUs in respect of dividends payable on the Subordinate Voting
                                       Shares, based on the value of the DSU at the dividend payment date. A DSU is payable, at the time a Director’s membership
                                       on the Board is terminated (provided the Director is not then a director, officer or employee of an affiliate of the Corporation),
                                       or in the event of the death of a Director, by a lump-sum cash payment, based on the value of the DSU at that time. At
                                       December 31, 2025, the carrying value of the DSUs outstanding was $96 million ($54 million at December 31, 2024) and was
                                       recorded within other liabilities. Alternatively, directors may participate in a Share Purchase Plan for Directors.

                                       EMPLOYEE SHARE PURCHASE PROGRAM
                                       Power Corporation established an Employee Share Purchase Program, giving employees the opportunity to subscribe for up
                                       to 6% of their gross salary to purchase Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation on the open market. Power Corporation
                                       invests, on the employee’s behalf, up to an equal amount.

                                       OTHER SHARE-BASED AWARDS OF SUBSIDIARIES
                                       Power Financial, Lifeco, IGM and other subsidiaries of the Corporation have also established other share-based awards and
                                       performance share unit plans (plans) for their directors, management and employees. Some of these plans are cash settled
                                       and included within other liabilities. Total compensation expense related to these subsidiary plans amounted to $445 million
                                       in 2025 ($228 million in 2024) and was recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings.


                                       NOTE 21 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

                                       The carrying value of non-controlling interests consists of the following:
                                                                                                                                                     Power
                                       December 31, 2025                                                       Lifeco              IGM            Financial     Other     Total

                                       Common shareholders                                                    7,175             2,276                   -       836     10,287
                                       Preferred shareholders                                                 2,920                 -               2,830         -      5,750
                                       Participating account surplus                                          3,079                 -                   -         -      3,079
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                         1,500                 -                   -         -      1,500
                                                                                                             14,674             2,276               2,830       836     20,616


                                                                                                                                                     Power
                                       December 31, 2024                                                       Lifeco              IGM            Financial     Other     Total

                                       Common shareholders                                                    7,326             2,222                   -       467     10,015
                                       Preferred shareholders                                                 2,720                 -               2,830         -      5,550
                                       Participating account surplus                                          3,041                 -                   -         -      3,041
                                       Limited recourse capital notes                                         1,500                 -                   -         -      1,500
                                                                                                             14,587             2,222               2,830       467     20,106



                                            A  178                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 21 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The changes in non-controlling interests are as follows:
                                                                                                               Power
December 31, 2025                                                              Lifeco              IGM      Financial       Other         Total

Non-controlling interests, beginning of year                                 14,587            2,222         2,830          467        20,106
  Net earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests             1,307              351           139          (26)        1,771
  Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to
    non-controlling interests                                                   (13)             (16)            -             4          (25)
  Dividends                                                                    (848)            (145)         (139)           -        (1,132)
  Repurchase of equity instruments, net of issuance                            (592)            (177)            -          472          (297)
  Effect of changes in capital and ownership, and other                         233               41             -          (81)          193
Non-controlling interests, end of year                                       14,674            2,276         2,830          836        20,616


                                                                                                               Power
December 31, 2024                                                              Lifeco              IGM      Financial       Other         Total

Non-controlling interests, beginning of year                                 13,710            2,015         2,830          567        19,122
  Net earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests             1,361              315           141          (82)        1,735
  Other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to
    non-controlling interests                                                   361               79             -             5          445
  Dividends                                                                    (739)            (180)         (141)           -        (1,060)
  Repurchase of equity instruments, net of issuance                             (34)             (12)            -           39             (7)
  Effect of changes in capital and ownership, and other                         (72)               5             -          (62)         (129)
Non-controlling interests, end of year                                       14,587            2,222         2,830          467        20,106


Financial information of Lifeco and IGM as at and for the year ended December 31, 2025 can be obtained from their publicly
available financial statements. Summarized financial information for Lifeco and IGM is as follows:

                                                                                                           2025                           2024
                                                                                          Lifeco            IGM           Lifeco             IGM

Balance sheet
  Assets                                                                                862,828          22,402         802,163        20,683
  Liabilities                                                                           829,825          13,364         769,509        12,813
  Equity                                                                                 33,003           9,038          32,654         7,870
Comprehensive income
  Net earnings                                                                            4,161           1,107           4,173           937
  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                         (40)            811             980           754
Cash flows
  Operating activities                                                                    2,708           1,035           4,751         1,092
  Financing activities                                                                   (4,322)           (972)         (2,285)         (253)
  Investing activities                                                                      (56)            301            (408)         (474)


LIFECO
Preferred Shares
On September 24, 2025, Lifeco issued 8,000,000 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series Z at $25.00 per share
for gross proceeds of $200 million.

WEALTHSIMPLE
On October 27, 2025, Wealthsimple announced that it had signed a $750 million equity offering, consisting of a $550 million
primary offering, as well as a secondary offering. On October 31, 2025, the primary offering closed and the Corporation,
through Power Financial, and IGM each invested $100 million. Following the primary offering, the Corporation remains the
controlling shareholder of Wealthsimple, while its equity interest decreased to 52.4% at December 31, 2025. A secondary
transaction involving third-party investors totalling $190 million closed on December 19, 2025.




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                          A  179
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 22        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       POWER CORPORATION
                                       As a holding company, Power Corporation’s objectives in managing its capital are to:
                                         provide attractive long-term returns to shareholders of the Corporation;
                                         provide sufficient financial flexibility to pursue its growth strategy to invest on a timely basis in its operating companies
                                           and other investments as opportunities arise;
                                         maintain a capital structure that matches the long-term nature of its investments by maximizing the use of permanent
                                           capital;
                                         maintain an appropriate credit rating to ensure stable access to the capital markets; and
                                         maintain a prudent amount of available cash and cash equivalents.
                                       The Corporation manages its capital taking into consideration the risk characteristics and liquidity of its holdings. In order to
                                       maintain or adjust its capital structure, the Corporation may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital
                                       to shareholders or issue capital.
                                       The capital structure of the Corporation consists of debentures, non-participating shares, participating shareholders’ equity
                                       and non-controlling interests. The Corporation views non-participating shares as a cost-effective source of permanent capital.
                                       The Corporation is a long-term investor and as such holds positions in long-term investments as well as cash and fixed income
                                       securities for liquidity purposes.
                                       The Board of Directors of the Corporation is responsible for capital management. Management of the Corporation is
                                       responsible for establishing capital management procedures and for implementing and monitoring its capital plans. The
                                       Board of Directors of the Corporation reviews and approves capital transactions such as the issuance, redemption and
                                       repurchase of participating shares, non-participating shares and debentures. The boards of directors of the Corporation’s
                                       subsidiaries, as well as those of Parjointco and GBL, oversee and have the responsibility for their respective company’s capital
                                       management.
                                       The Corporation itself is not subject to externally imposed regulatory capital requirements. However, Lifeco and certain of its
                                       main subsidiaries, certain of IGM’s subsidiaries and certain of the Corporation’s other subsidiaries are subject to regulatory
                                       capital requirements and they manage their capital as described below.

                                       LIFECO
                                       Lifeco manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The primary
                                       objectives of Lifeco’s capital management strategy are:
                                         to maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                           regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                         to maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of Lifeco ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                         to provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholder value in the context of Lifeco’s operational risks and
                                           strategic plans.
                                       The target level of capitalization for Lifeco and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the probability
                                       of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views expressed by
                                       various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to Lifeco, and the desire to hold sufficient
                                       capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of Lifeco with a high degree of confidence.
                                       Management of Lifeco is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the
                                       capital plan.




                                           A  180                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 22 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Lifeco’s subsidiaries are subject to minimum regulatory capital requirements.
  In Canada, the OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies
    incorporated under the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries known as the Life Insurance Capital
    Adequacy Test (LICAT). The LICAT ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital
    defined by OSFI as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the sum
    of available capital, surplus allowance and eligible deposits. OSFI has established a supervisory target total ratio of 100%.
    Canada Life’s consolidated LICAT ratio at December 31, 2025 was 128% (130% at December 31, 2024).
  For entities based in Europe, the local solvency capital regime is the Solvency II/UK basis. At December 31, 2025 and
    2024, all Lifeco’s European regulated entities met the capital and solvency requirements as prescribed under Solvency
    II/UK.
  Empower is subject to the risk-based capital regulatory regime in the U.S. Other foreign operations and foreign
    subsidiaries of Lifeco are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements in their respective jurisdictions.
    At December 31, 2025 and 2024, Lifeco maintained capital levels above the minimum local regulatory requirements in
    each of its foreign operations.

IGM FINANCIAL
IGM’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that IGM is capitalized in a manner
which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and business expansion. IGM’s capital
management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid capital base and
a strong balance sheet. IGM regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to changing economic
conditions.
IGM’s capital is primarily used in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements, long-term
investments made by IGM, business expansion and other strategic objectives.
The IGM subsidiaries that are subject to regulatory capital requirements include investment dealer, exempt market dealer,
portfolio managers, investment fund managers and a trust company. These IGM subsidiaries are required to maintain
minimum levels of capital based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At December 31, 2025 and 2024,
IGM subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital requirements.

ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT PLATFORMS AND OTHER
Certain subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements, including portfolio managers, asset managers and an
order-execution-only broker. These subsidiaries are required to maintain levels of capital based on their working capital,
liquidity or shareholders’ equity. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, these subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory capital
requirements.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  181
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 23        RISK MANAGEMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries have established policies, guidelines and procedures designed to identify, measure,
                                       monitor, report and mitigate material risks associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related
                                       to financial instruments are liquidity risk, credit risk and market risk.
                                         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Corporation and its subsidiaries would not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as
                                           they come due or be able to, in a timely manner, raise capital or monetize assets at normal market conditions.
                                         Credit risk is the potential for financial loss to the Corporation and its subsidiaries if a counterparty in a transaction fails to
                                           meet its payment obligations. Credit risk can be related to the default of a single debt issuer, the variation of credit
                                           spreads on tradable fixed income securities and also to counterparty risk relating to derivative products.
                                         Market risk is the risk that the market value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
                                           investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors. Market factors include three types of
                                           risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate (including inflation) risk and equity risk.
                                            Foreign exchange risk relates to the Corporation, its subsidiaries and its jointly controlled corporations and associates
                                             operating in different currencies and converting non-Canadian investments and earnings at different points in time at
                                             different foreign exchange levels when adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates occur.
                                            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of a financial instrument will fluctuate following changes in the interest
                                             rates.
                                            Equity risk is the potential loss associated with the sensitivity of the market price of a financial instrument arising from
                                             volatility in equity markets.
                                       Estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures are included for certain risks, such as the sensitivity due to specific
                                       changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ significantly from
                                       these estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, changes in the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ asset or
                                       liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
                                       relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Corporation and its
                                       subsidiaries internal models.
                                       For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
                                       respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Corporation cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
                                       net earnings will be as indicated.
                                       The following is a summary of risks in respect to the Corporation and its subsidiaries’ financial instruments and insurance
                                       contracts. In the first section below, the risk management policies and procedures of Power Corporation, Power Financial and
                                       the Corporation’s alternative asset investment platforms and other (other subsidiaries) are discussed. Risks related to Lifeco
                                       and IGM are discussed in subsequent sections.




                                           A  182                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
POWER CORPORATION, POWER FINANCI AL AND ALTERNATIVE ASSET INVESTMENT
PLATFORMS AND OTHER

LIQUIDITY RISK
Power Corporation is a holding company. As such, the holding company’s cash flows are principally derived from dividends
received from its subsidiaries and income from investments, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes and
payment of dividends to its participating and non-participating shareholders. As a holding company, the Corporation’s ability
to pay dividends is dependent upon the Corporation receiving dividends from its principal operating subsidiaries and other
investments. Lifeco and its subsidiaries are subject to restrictions set out in relevant corporate and insurance laws and
regulations, which require that solvency and capital ratios be maintained. IGM’s subsidiaries are also subject to minimum
capital requirements. Regulatory requirements may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating
subsidiaries to pay dividends. The declaration and payment of dividends by the Corporation in future periods remains at the
discretion of its Board of Directors and is dependent on the operating performance, profitability, financial position and
creditworthiness of its operating subsidiaries and other investments, as well as on their ability to pay dividends.
Power Corporation and Power Financial regularly review their liquidity requirements and seek to maintain sufficient levels of
liquidities to meet their operating expenses, financing charges and payment of preferred share dividends for a reasonable
period of time, as defined in their policies. The ability of Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries to arrange
additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing market conditions as well as the business performance
and risk profile of Power Corporation, Power Financial and their subsidiaries.
Liquidity is also available through the Corporation’s lines of credit with Canadian banks. The Corporation has a committed
line of credit of $500 million. The Corporation also maintains an uncommitted line of credit of $100 million, and any advances
are at the bank’s sole discretion. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Corporation was not utilizing its committed line of
credit or uncommitted line of credit. Other subsidiaries also have committed and uncommitted lines of credit of $1,081 million
and $357 million, respectively, with Canadian and U.S. banks ($612 million and $294 million, respectively, was undrawn at
December 31, 2025).
Principal repayments on debentures and other debt instruments, and client funds payable (other than those of Lifeco and
IGM discussed below) represent the only significant contractual liquidity requirements. Contractual maturities of certain
liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                                                        Payments due by period
                                                                                                        1 year                           Over
December 31, 2025                                                                  Demand               or less     1-5 years          5 years        Total
                         1
Client funds payable                                                               21,494                   -            -                 -        21,494
Power Corporation's debentures                                                          -                   -            -               650           650
Non-recourse debentures and other debt instruments
   Power Financial                                                                      -                  -             -               250           250
   Consolidated investment funds and Other                                              -              1,316         1,033             1,891         4,240
Future lease payments                                                                   -                 47           174               617           838
Pension contributions                                                                   -                 16             -                 -            16
                                                                                   21,494              1,379         1,207             3,408        27,488
1 Client funds payable due on demand are primarily offset by Other subsidiaries’ funds held on behalf of clients.

Power Corporation and Power Financial believe their ongoing cash flows from operations, available cash balances and
liquidity available through their lines of credit are sufficient to address their liquidity needs. Power Corporation, Power
Financial and other subsidiaries’ management of liquidity risk has not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

CREDIT RISK
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and cash equivalents, including fixed income securities,
funds held on behalf of clients, securities borrowed, other loans and derivatives are subject to credit risk. Power Corporation,
Power Financial and other subsidiaries manage credit risk on their fixed income securities by adhering to an investment policy
that establishes guidelines which provide exposure limits by defining admissible securities, minimum ratings and
concentration limits.
Fixed income securities, which are included in investments and in cash and cash equivalents, consist primarily of bonds and
highly liquid temporary deposits with Canadian chartered banks and banks in jurisdictions where Power Corporation, Power
Financial and other subsidiaries operate, as well as bonds and short-term securities of, or guaranteed by, the Canadian or
U.S. governments. Power Corporation and Power Financial regularly review the credit ratings of their counterparties. The
maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments is their carrying value.

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 A  183
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Other subsidiaries had funds held on behalf of clients of $21,494 million at December 31, 2025 ($12,902 million at
                                       December 31, 2024), which are mainly held with Schedule I chartered banks.
                                       Other subsidiaries and Power Financial held other loans, classified as FVPL and at amortized cost, of $686 million and
                                       $1,224 million, respectively, at December 31, 2025 ($314 million and nil, respectively, at December 31, 2024). The carrying
                                       value represents the maximum exposure to credit risk for those assets.
                                       Derivatives can also be used to mitigate foreign exchange or equity exposures. Power Corporation and Power Financial
                                       regularly review the credit ratings of derivative financial instrument counterparties. Derivative contracts are over-the-counter
                                       with counterparties that are highly rated financial institutions.
                                       Other subsidiaries are also exposed to credit risk through derivative contracts used to hedge interest rate risk or mitigate
                                       foreign exchange exposures. Other subsidiaries regularly review the credit ratings of their counterparties. The exposure to
                                       credit risk on these financial instruments is limited to their carrying value.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and
                                       cash equivalents, fixed income securities, funds held on behalf of clients, securities borrowed, other loans and derivatives
                                       have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Power Corporation and Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments are comprised of cash and cash
                                       equivalents, fixed income securities, other investments (consisting of equity securities, other loans, investment funds and
                                       investment properties), derivatives and debentures and other debt instruments.

                                       Foreign Exchange Risk
                                       In managing their own cash and cash equivalents as well as fixed income securities, Power Corporation, Power Financial and
                                       other subsidiaries may hold cash balances denominated in foreign currencies and thus be exposed to fluctuations in
                                       exchange rates. In order to protect against such fluctuations, Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries may
                                       from time to time enter into currency-hedging transactions with highly rated financial institutions. As at December 31, 2025,
                                       approximately 78% (55% as at December 31, 2024) of Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ cash and
                                       cash equivalents and fixed income securities were denominated in Canadian dollars.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or as FVPL.
                                       Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI, resulting from foreign exchange rate variations, are recorded
                                       in other comprehensive income and reclassified directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on
                                       investments classified as FVPL, resulting from foreign exchange rate variations, are recorded directly in net earnings. As at
                                       December 31, 2025, the impact of a 5% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would result in a loss
                                       recorded in net earnings of approximately $108 million ($82 million in 2024). As at December 31, 2025, the Corporation’s
                                       investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. Power Corporation’s and Power Financial’s debentures are denominated
                                       in Canadian dollars.
                                       Power Corporation has net investments in foreign operations. In accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, foreign
                                       currency translation gains and losses from net investments in foreign operations are recorded in other comprehensive
                                       income. Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar spot rate impacts the
                                       Corporation’s total equity.
                                       Power Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in GBL held through Parjointco as its functional currency
                                       is the euro. Foreign currency translation gains and losses on this investment are recorded in other comprehensive income. As
                                       at December 31, 2025, the impact of a 5% increase (decrease) in Canadian currency relative to the foreign currency would
                                       decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of the foreign investment by approximately $165 million ($185 million in
                                       2024).

                                       Interest Rate Risk
                                       Other subsidiaries and Power Financial held other loans, classified as FVPL, of $686 million and are exposed to interest rate
                                       risk ($314 million at December 31, 2024). Other subsidiaries also held other loans, classified as amortized cost, of
                                       $1,224 million (nil at December 31, 2024). As at December 31, 2025, the impact to net earnings of a 100 basis point increase
                                       in interest rates would not have been significant.
                                       Other subsidiaries are exposed to interest rate risk on funds held on behalf of clients of $21,494 million ($12,902 million at
                                       December 31, 2024) invested in interest-bearing accounts, of which the majority have an offsetting liability.
                                       Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries’ financial instruments do not have significant exposure to interest
                                       rate risk.

                                           A  184                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Equity Risk
Power Corporation, Power Financial and other subsidiaries held other investments either classified as FVOCI or FVPL.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred
directly to retained earnings on realization. Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly
in net earnings. As at December 31, 2025 the Corporation’s investments classified as FVOCI are not significant. As at
December 31, 2025, the impact of a 10% decrease in the value of other investments held by Power Corporation, Power
Financial and other subsidiaries would have resulted in an approximate $455 million loss recorded in net earnings related to
investments classified as FVPL, including investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates measured at FVPL
($342 million at December 31, 2024).
GBL holds a portfolio of investments which are classified as FVOCI or FVPL. Unrealized gains and losses on investments
classified as FVOCI are recorded in other comprehensive income and transferred directly to retained earnings on realization.
Unrealized gains and losses on investments classified as FVPL are recorded directly in net earnings. As at December 31, 2025,
the impact of a 10% decrease in equity markets would have resulted in an approximate $170 million unrealized loss
($220 million at December 31, 2024) to be recorded in other comprehensive income related to investments classified as
FVOCI and a $45 million loss ($75 million at December 31, 2024) recorded in net earnings related to investments classified
as FVPL, representing the Corporation’s share of Parjointco’s unrealized losses.
Power Corporation and Power Financial sponsor a number of deferred compensation arrangements for employees where
payments to participants are deferred and linked to the performance of the common shares of Power Corporation. Power
Corporation and Power Financial hedge their exposure to the equity risk associated with their PSU Plans through the use of
total return swaps.

LIFECO
The risk committee of the board of directors of Lifeco is responsible for the oversight of Lifeco’s key risks. Lifeco has
established policies and procedures designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report material risks associated
with financial instruments and insurance contracts.

LIQUIDITY RISK
Lifeco’s liquidity risk management framework and associated limits are designed to allow Lifeco to meet cash and collateral
commitments as they fall due, both on an expected basis and under a severe liquidity stress.
   Lifeco attempts to mitigate liquidity risk through product design and maintaining a high quality, diversified investment
      portfolio with a spread of asset maturities by year. Approximately 67% (67% in 2024) of insurance and investment contract
      liabilities (measured based on carrying value and excluding liabilities held on account of segregated fund holders) are
      subject to discretionary withdrawal.
   Management of Lifeco closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
      requirements at its holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
      market transactions. At December 31, 2025, Lifeco maintained $950 million of liquidity at its level through committed
      lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks. As well, Lifeco maintains a US$1,000 million revolving credit agreement
      with a syndicate of banks and a US$50 million line of credit at Empower. Empower also has borrowing capacity of
      approximately US$992 million under the Federal Home Loan Bank program.

Payments Due by Period
In the normal course of business, Lifeco enters into contracts that give rise to commitments of future minimum payments that
impact short-term and long-term liquidity. The following table summarizes the principal repayment schedule of certain of
Lifeco’s financial liabilities.

                                                                                                                                  Payments due by period
                                                                      1 year                                                                       Over
December 31, 2025                                                     or less      1-2 years      2-3 years      3-4 years       4-5 years       5 years         Total

Debentures and other debt instruments                                1,078             548         1,011             857             600            4,595       8,689
Capital trust debentures 1                                               -               -             -               -               -              150         150
Purchase obligations                                                   210             115            65              35              24               13         462
Pension contributions                                                  264               -             -               -               -                -         264
                                                                     1,552             663         1,076             892             624            4,758       9,565
1 Payments due have not been reduced to reflect that Lifeco held capital trust securities of $37 million principal amount ($44 million carrying value).




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            A  185
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       CREDIT RISK
                                       Lifeco has the following policies and procedures in place to manage credit risk:
                                          Investment and risk policies aim to minimize undue concentration within issuers, connected companies, industries or
                                             individual geographies.
                                          Investment and risk limits specify minimum and maximum limits for each asset class.
                                          Identification of credit risk through an internal credit risk rating system which includes a detailed assessment of a debtor’s
                                             creditworthiness. Internal credit risk ratings cannot be higher than the highest rating provided by certain independent
                                             ratings companies.
                                          Portfolios are monitored continuously, and reviewed regularly with the risk committee and the investment committee of
                                             the board of directors of Lifeco.
                                          Credit risk associated with derivative instruments is evaluated quarterly based on conditions that existed at the balance
                                             sheet date, using practices that are at least as conservative as those recommended by regulators. Lifeco manages
                                             derivative credit risk by including derivative exposure to aggregate credit exposures measured against rating-based
                                             debtor limits and through collateral arrangements where possible.
                                          Counterparties providing reinsurance to Lifeco are reviewed for financial soundness as part of an ongoing monitoring
                                             process. The minimum financial strength of reinsurers is outlined in Lifeco’s Reinsurance Risk Management Policy. Lifeco
                                             seeks to minimize reinsurance credit risk by setting rating-based limits on net ceded exposure by counterparty as well as
                                             seeking protection in the form of collateral or funds-withheld arrangements where possible.
                                          Investment guidelines also specify collateral requirements.

                                       Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk
                                       The following table summarizes Lifeco’s maximum exposure to credit risk related to financial instruments as well as insurance
                                       and reinsurance contracts.
                                                                                                                                                                     December 31,   December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                           2025           2024

                                       Financial instruments
                                          Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                        8,902        10,709
                                          Bonds                                                                                                                          174,468       167,114
                                          Mortgage loans                                                                                                                  36,873        38,879
                                          Interest due and accrued                                                                                                         1,885         1,778
                                          Accounts receivable                                                                                                              4,144         3,624
                                          Funds held under investment contracts                                                                                            6,229         6,895
                                          Trading account assets                                                                                                           3,995         3,701
                                          Finance leases receivable                                                                                                        1,043           926
                                          Other assets 1                                                                                                                   2,117         1,979
                                          Derivative assets                                                                                                                1,863         2,431
                                                                                                                                                                         241,519       238,036

                                       Insurance and reinsurance contracts
                                          Reinsurance contract held assets 2                                                                                              16,850        17,842
                                          Insurance contract assets                                                                                                        1,571         1,193
                                          Funds held by ceding insurers 3                                                                                                  3,489         3,640
                                                                                                                                                                          21,910        22,675
                                       Total                                                                                                                             263,429       260,711
                                       1 Includes items such as income taxes receivable and miscellaneous other assets of Lifeco.
                                       2 Includes funds withheld on reinsurance contracts issued.
                                       3 Included in insurance contract liabilities (Note 10).

                                       Credit risk is also mitigated by entering into collateral agreements. The amount and type of collateral required depends on
                                       an assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty. Guidelines have been implemented regarding the acceptability of types
                                       of collateral and the valuation parameters. Collateral primarily consists of government bonds, investment-grade corporate
                                       bonds and cash. Management of Lifeco monitors the value of the collateral, requests additional collateral when needed and
                                       performs an impairment valuation when applicable. Lifeco had $1,401 million of collateral received from counterparties as at
                                       December 31, 2025 ($1,732 million as at December 31, 2024) relating to derivative assets.




                                             A  186                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                   PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single debtor, a group of related debtors or groups of debtors that
have similar credit risk characteristics in that they operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The
characteristics of such debtors are similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to
meet obligations as they come due.
The following tables provide details of the carrying value of bonds of Lifeco for each business by issuer and industry sector:

                                                                                                                               December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                Capital and
                                                                            United States   Canada   Europe   Risk Solutions               Total

Bond issued or guaranteed by:
  Treasuries                                                                     4,788       2,275    7,592         3,040               17,695
  Government-related                                                             2,748      16,787    8,118         1,186               28,839
  Agency securitized                                                             1,859           -        -            12                1,871
  Non-agency securitized                                                        10,909       3,973      886           266               16,034
  Financials                                                                    12,578       5,605    5,887           954               25,024
  Communications                                                                 1,927       1,370      949           227                4,473
  Consumer products                                                             10,696       4,955    2,039         1,274               18,964
  Energy                                                                         4,085       3,049      800           361                8,295
  Industrials                                                                    8,440       2,985    1,157           471               13,053
  Technology                                                                     3,827       1,345      419           375                5,966
  Transportation                                                                 1,919       4,816    1,153           284                8,172
  Utilities                                                                      6,980      12,923    4,840         1,339               26,082
                                                                                70,756      60,083   33,840         9,789              174,468


                                                                                                                               December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                Capital and
                                                                            United States   Canada   Europe   Risk Solutions               Total

Bond issued or guaranteed by:
  Treasuries                                                                     1,361       3,304    7,274         4,220               16,159
  Government-related                                                             2,605      17,286    7,444           694               28,029
  Agency securitized                                                             1,055         186        -            13                1,254
  Non-agency securitized                                                        12,395       3,453      800           163               16,811
  Financials                                                                    12,556       4,726    5,651         1,124               24,057
  Communications                                                                 1,741       1,194      856           211                4,002
  Consumer products                                                             10,172       5,086    2,084         1,061               18,403
  Energy                                                                         3,363       2,809      502           370                7,044
  Industrials                                                                    7,927       2,878    1,178           469               12,452
  Technology                                                                     3,568       1,329      409           322                5,628
  Transportation                                                                 2,021       4,426      853           198                7,498
  Utilities                                                                      7,468      12,559    4,660         1,090               25,777
                                                                                66,232      59,236   31,711         9,935              167,114

The following tables provide details of the carrying value of mortgage loans of Lifeco by business:
                                                                                                                Capital and
December 31, 2025                                                           United States   Canada   Europe   Risk Solutions               Total

Single-family residential                                                            -         765        -              -                 765
Multi-family residential                                                         3,383       4,985      932             33               9,333
Equity-release                                                                       -       2,058    2,888            718               5,664
Commercial                                                                       7,837       9,084    4,103             87              21,111
                                                                                11,220      16,892    7,923            838              36,873


                                                                                                                Capital and
December 31, 2024                                                           United States   Canada   Europe   Risk Solutions               Total

Single-family residential                                                            -       1,225        -              -               1,225
Multi-family residential                                                         4,065       4,523      946             34               9,568
Equity-release                                                                       -       1,949    2,279            590               4,818
Commercial                                                                       9,754       9,228    4,133            153              23,268
                                                                                13,819      16,925    7,358            777              38,879


                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           A  187
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Expected Credit Losses
                                       The following tables reconcile the allowance for credit losses under the ECL model, by asset classification and stage, at Lifeco.

                                                                                                                                    Performing                 Impaired
                                       December 31, 2025                                                         Stage 1                 Stage 2                Stage 3   Total

                                       Bonds at FVOCI
                                         Balance, beginning of year                                                    4                      -                     -        4
                                         Provision for credit losses
                                            Originations                                                              -                       -                     -       -
                                            Maturities                                                                (1)                     -                     -       (1)
                                            Net remeasurement of loss allowance                                       -                       -                     -       -
                                       Balance, end of year                                                            3                      -                     -        3

                                       Mortgages at amortized cost
                                         Balance, beginning of year                                                    1                     20                      7     28
                                         Provision for credit losses
                                            Transfers to stage 2                                                       1                     (1)                    -       -
                                            Maturities                                                                -                       -                     (2)    (2)
                                            Net remeasurement of loss allowance                                       (1)                    (3)                    (1)    (5)
                                            Exchange rate and other                                                   -                       -                      1       1
                                       Balance, end of year                                                            1                     16                      5     22

                                       Mortgages at FVOCI
                                         Balance, beginning of year                                                    -                       1                    -        1
                                         Provision for credit losses
                                            Net remeasurement of loss allowance                                        -                      (1)                   -       (1)
                                       Balance, end of year                                                            -                      -                     -       -

                                       Total allowance for credit losses, end of year                                  4                     16                      5     25


                                                                                                                                    Performing                 Impaired
                                       December 31, 2024                                                         Stage 1                 Stage 2                Stage 3   Total

                                       Bonds at FVOCI
                                         Balance, beginning of year                                                    3                      -                     -        3
                                         Provision for credit losses
                                            Originations                                                               1                      -                     -        1
                                            Maturities                                                                (1)                     -                     -       (1)
                                            Net remeasurement of loss allowance                                        1                      -                     -        1
                                       Balance, end of year                                                            4                      -                     -        4

                                       Mortgages at amortized cost
                                         Balance, beginning of year                                                    1                     29                      4     34
                                         Provision for credit losses
                                            Transfers to stage 1                                                       3                     (3)                    -       -
                                            Net remeasurement of loss allowance                                       (3)                    (7)                     3     (7)
                                            Exchange rate and other                                                   -                       1                     -        1
                                       Balance, end of year                                                            1                     20                      7     28

                                       Mortgages at FVOCI
                                         Balance, beginning of year                                                    -                      -                     -       -
                                         Provision for credit losses
                                            Net remeasurement of loss allowance                                        -                       1                    -        1
                                       Balance, end of year                                                            -                       1                    -        1

                                       Total allowance for credit losses, end of year                                  5                     21                      7     33




                                            A  188                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                             PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Credit Risk Exposure by Internal Risk Rating
The following tables present the fair value of bonds and mortgages at FVOCI and carrying amounts of mortgages at amortized
cost held by Lifeco. Risk ratings are based on internal ratings used in the measurement of ECL as at the reporting date.

                                                                                        Performing   Impaired
December 31, 2025                                                             Stage 1      Stage 2    Stage 3        Total

Bonds at FVOCI
  Investment grade                                                            12,959           -          -        12,959
  Non-investment grade                                                            71          10          -            81
                                                                              13,030          10          -        13,040

Mortgages at FVOCI
  Investment grade                                                              263            -          -          263
  Non-investment grade                                                            -             6         -            6
                                                                                263             6         -          269

Mortgages at amortized cost
  Investment grade                                                             4,601           -          -         4,601
  Non-investment grade                                                             -         212          -           212
  Impaired                                                                         -           -         10            10
                                                                               4,601         212         10         4,823
Allowance for credit losses                                                       (1)        (16)        (5)          (22)
                                                                               4,600         196           5        4,801



                                                                                        Performing   Impaired
December 31, 2024                                                             Stage 1      Stage 2    Stage 3        Total

Bonds at FVOCI
  Investment grade                                                            13,669           -          -        13,669
  Non-investment grade                                                            75          14          -            89
                                                                              13,744          14          -        13,758

Mortgages at FVOCI
  Investment grade                                                              446            -          -          446
  Non-investment grade                                                            -           15          -           15
                                                                                446           15          -          461

Mortgages at amortized cost
  Investment grade                                                             4,562           -          -         4,562
  Non-investment grade                                                             -         266          -           266
  Impaired                                                                         -           -         10            10
                                                                               4,562         266         10         4,838
Allowance for credit losses                                                       (1)        (20)        (7)          (28)
                                                                               4,561         246           3        4,810




                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                     A  189
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVPL
                                       The carrying value of Lifeco’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVPL represents the maximum exposure to credit
                                       risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
                                       instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. In
                                       2025, a fair value loss of $153 million ($67 million in 2024) is reflected in changes in FVPL in the statements of earnings related
                                       to significant credit events occurring on financial instruments designated as FVPL.

                                       Asset Quality
                                                                                                                                                 December 31,    December 31,
                                       Bond Portfolio Quality                                                                                          2025            2024

                                       Based on internal ratings:
                                         AAA                                                                                                          26,599         24,462
                                         AA                                                                                                           32,162         32,310
                                         A                                                                                                            63,342         60,041
                                         BBB                                                                                                          49,476         47,936
                                         BB and lower                                                                                                  2,889          2,365
                                                                                                                                                     174,468        167,114


                                                                                                                                                 December 31,    December 31,
                                       Derivative Portfolio Quality                                                                                    2025            2024

                                       Over-the-counter contracts (counterparty ratings):
                                         AA                                                                                                              1,216        1,687
                                         A                                                                                                                 645          743
                                         Exchange-traded                                                                                                     2            1
                                                                                                                                                         1,863        2,431


                                                                                                                                                 December 31,    December 31,
                                       Reinsurance Contract Held Assets Quality                                                                        2025            2024

                                       Based on rating agency ratings:
                                         AA- to AA+                                                                                                    15,343        16,409
                                         A- to A+                                                                                                       1,474         1,424
                                         BBB+ and lower                                                                                                     -             8
                                         Not rated                                                                                                         33             1
                                                                                                                                                       16,850        17,842

                                       Total reinsurance contract held assets less collateral                                                            4,143        4,177

                                       Total reinsurance contract held assets are net of funds held under reinsurance contracts.
                                       As at December 31, 2025, $11,710 million of the $16,850 million of reinsurance contract held assets are ceded to Protective
                                       Life Insurance Company ($12,633 million of $17,842 million at December 31, 2024). This concentration risk is mitigated by
                                       funds held in trust and other arrangements of $12,882 million as at December 31, 2025 ($13,774 million at December 31,
                                       2024).




                                             A  190                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Funds Held Under Investment Contracts and Funds Held by Ceding Insurers
At December 31, 2025, Lifeco had amounts on deposit of $6,229 million ($6,895 million at December 31, 2024) for funds held
under investment contracts. This amount has been included in other assets on the balance sheets. At December 31, 2025,
Lifeco had amounts on deposit of $3,489 million ($3,640 million at December 31, 2024) for funds held by ceding insurers.
This amount has been included in insurance contract liabilities on the balance sheets. Included in these amounts are assets
of $153 million at December 31, 2025 ($98 million at December 31, 2024) where Lifeco does not retain the credit risk. Income
and expenses arising from the underlying assets are included in net investment result in the statements of earnings.
The details of the funds on deposit for certain agreements where Lifeco has credit risk are as follows:

CARRYING VALUES AND ESTIMATED FAIR VALUES

                                                                                        December 31, 2025                         December 31, 2024
                                                                             Carrying                 Fair             Carrying                 Fair
                                                                                value                value                value                value

Cash and cash equivalents                                                       117                  117                  206                  206
Bonds                                                                         8,980                8,980                9,689                9,689
Mortgages                                                                       344                  344                  384                  384
Other assets                                                                    124                  124                  158                  158
                                                                              9,565                9,565               10,437               10,437

Supporting:
  Insurance contract liabilities                                              3,336                3,336                3,542                3,542
  Investment contract liabilities                                             6,229                6,229                6,895                6,895
                                                                              9,565                9,565               10,437               10,437

Bonds
The following provides details of the carrying value of bonds included in the funds on deposit by issuer and industry sector:
                                                                                                             December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                                                   2025                      2024

Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
  Treasuries                                                                                                        188                       265
  Government-related                                                                                                973                     1,080
  Agency securitized                                                                                                 81                        94
  Non-agency securitized                                                                                            978                     1,063
  Financials                                                                                                      1,566                     1,670
  Communications                                                                                                    266                       291
  Consumer products                                                                                               1,474                     1,525
  Energy                                                                                                            439                       504
  Industrials                                                                                                       836                       927
  Technology                                                                                                        321                       349
  Transportation                                                                                                    300                       306
  Utilities                                                                                                       1,558                     1,615
                                                                                                                  8,980                     9,689




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              A  191
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       ASSET QUALITY
                                                                                                                                                    December 31,    December 31 ,
                                       Bond Portfolio Quality                                                                                             2025            2024

                                       AAA                                                                                                                   574           794
                                       AA                                                                                                                  2,213         2,332
                                       A                                                                                                                   3,786         4,002
                                       BBB                                                                                                                 2,344         2,501
                                       BB and lower                                                                                                           63            60
                                                                                                                                                           8,980         9,689

                                       Mortgages
                                       The following provides details of the carrying value of mortgages included in the funds on deposit by property type:
                                                                                                                                                    December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                                                                                          2025            2024

                                       Multi-family residential                                                                                                80           81
                                       Commercial                                                                                                             264          303
                                                                                                                                                              344          384


                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Foreign Exchange Risk
                                       If the assets backing insurance and investment contract liabilities are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange
                                       rates can expose Lifeco to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
                                          A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
                                            insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount, resulting in
                                            an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
                                            would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
                                            by approximately the same amount, resulting in an immaterial immediate change to net earnings.
                                       Lifeco has net investments in foreign operations. Lifeco’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian dollars, euros and
                                       U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments
                                       in foreign operations, net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in other comprehensive income.
                                       Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates
                                       impacts Lifeco’s total equity. Correspondingly, Lifeco’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by rating agencies
                                       are also impacted.

                                       Interest Rate Risk
                                       The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate Lifeco’s exposure to interest rate risk:
                                          Lifeco manages its interest rate risk by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                          Lifeco uses a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund
                                            assets and liabilities into each of its segments. Assets in each of its segments are managed in relation to the liabilities in
                                            the segment.
                                          For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets
                                            or investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available
                                            to match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and non-fixed
                                            income assets while the rest are duration matched.
                                          Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                            exposure to interest rate changes.
                                          To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any
                                            change in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                          For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash
                                            flows of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and non-fixed income assets.
                                          The risks associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
                                            asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.




                                            A  192                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The impact to net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets
supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance
and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings.
Lifeco’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general
fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of
financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdon which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general
fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
Change in market yield curves
                                                                                               December 31, 2025                         December 31, 2024
                                                                                   Increase              Decrease            Increase              Decrease
                                                                            50 basis points        50 basis points    50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                              interest rates         interest rates     interest rates         interest rates

Net earnings                                                                            25                    (50)              125                    (150)
Equity                                                                                   -                    (25)               75                    (125)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom and are
positively impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary
by the level of change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the
estimated impact of parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The potential impact on the net earnings does not take into account any future potential changes to Lifeco’s ultimate
investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of net earnings to
a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $10 million or a decrease of
$10 million post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10 million.
The impact to net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25 million, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium:
Change in credit spreads
                                                                                               December 31, 2025                         December 31, 2024
                                                                                   Increase              Decrease            Increase              Decrease
                                                                            50 basis points        50 basis points    50 basis points        50 basis points
                                                                             credit spreads         credit spreads     credit spreads         credit spreads

Net earnings                                                                          150                    (200)              250                    (300)
Equity                                                                                225                    (300)              325                    (400)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes
in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the
discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise
from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.

Equity Risk
Lifeco has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent investment in equity markets with clearly defined
limits to mitigate this risk. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal
Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency forwards and interest rate
derivatives.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common shares
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
equities, and equity-release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the value of non-fixed income assets. However,
in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      A  193
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
                                       assets. Under current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to Lifeco on segregated fund business that it does not
                                       hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that Lifeco hedges,
                                       there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability versus the change in hedge assets.
                                       The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
                                       value of publicly traded common shares on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in publicly traded common share values
                                                                                                                               December 31, 2025                                            December 31, 2024
                                                                                                             Increase                     Decrease                           Increase                Decrease
                                                                                                  20%            10%            10%             20%              20%             10%        10%           20%

                                       Net earnings                                               75             50            (50)            (75)             100               50        (50)         (100)
                                       Equity                                                    500            250           (250)           (525)             525              250       (250)         (525)

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.
                                       The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the
                                       value of other non-fixed income assets on net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25 million:
                                       Change in other non-fixed income asset values 1
                                                                                                                               December 31, 2025                                            December 31, 2024
                                                                                                             Increase                     Decrease                           Increase                Decrease
                                                                                                  10%             5%             5%             10%              10%                  5%     5%           10%

                                       Net earnings                                              550            275           (300)           (600)             425              225       (225)         (450)
                                       Equity                                                    600            300           (325)           (650)             475              250       (250)         (500)
                                       1 Sensitivities to other non-fixed income asset values as at December 31, 2025 reflect a refinement in methodology, not a change to the underlying exposure to other non-
                                         fixed income assets. Prior to the refinement, the +10%/+5%/-5%/-10% sensitivities were +$425 million /+$200 million /-$225 million /-$475 million for net earnings, and
                                         +$475 million /+$225 million /-$250 million /-$525 million for equity, respectively.

                                       The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on net earnings and equity from market movements.



                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       The risk committee of the board of IGM is responsible for assisting the board of directors of IGM in reviewing and overseeing
                                       the risk governance structure and risk management program of IGM.

                                       LIQUIDITY RISK
                                       IGM’s liquidity profile is structured to ensure it has sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements in both
                                       normal and stressed conditions. IGM’s liquidity management practices include:
                                         Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near-term liquidity needs.
                                         Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
                                         Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                                         Regular assessment of capital market conditions and IGM’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                                         Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.
                                         Oversight of liquidity risks by its internal financial risk management committee.
                                       A key liquidity requirement for IGM is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
                                       products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.




                                            A  194                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                           PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and temporarily hold mortgages, which include home equity lines of credit
(HELOCs), pending sale or securitization to long-term funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral requirements.
Through its mortgage banking operations, residential mortgages are sold to third parties including certain mutual funds,
institutional investors through private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale
of National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS), including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the Canada
Mortgage Bond Program (CMB Program).
Certain subsidiaries of IGM are approved issuers of NHA MBS and are approved sellers into the CMB Program. Capacity for
sales under the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of principal repayments held in
principal reinvestment accounts.
IGM maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts.
IGM accesses the unsecured long-term debt markets for corporate purposes and ensures a well-diversified maturity schedule
to manage associated liquidity risks.
IGM’s contractual maturities of certain liabilities were as follows:

                                                                                                                     Payments due by period
                                                                                                      1 year                          Over
December 31, 2025                                                                 Demand              or less   1-5 years           5 years        Total

Derivative financial instruments                                                       -                   7          8                 -            15
Client funds payable 1                                                             4,299                  -          -                  -         4,299
Obligations to securitization entities                                                 -              1,279      3,532                   4        4,815
Future lease payments                                                                  -                 28         96                 95           219
Debentures                                                                             -                  -        525              1,875         2,400
Total contractual maturities                                                       4,299              1,314      4,161              1,974        11,748
1 Client funds payable due on demand are primarily offset by IGM’s funds held on behalf of clients.


In addition to IGM’s current balance of cash and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through IGM’s lines of credit. IGM’s
lines of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled $800 million as at December 31, 2025. The lines of
credit as at December 31, 2025 consisted of committed lines of $650 million and uncommitted lines of $150 million. Any
advances made by the banks under the uncommitted lines are at the banks’ sole discretion. As at December 31, 2025 and
2024, IGM was not utilizing its committed lines of credit or its uncommitted lines of credit.
IGM’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

CREDIT RISK
IGM’s cash and cash equivalents, funds held on behalf of clients, mortgage portfolios and derivatives are subject to credit risk.
IGM monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
At December 31, 2025, IGM’s cash and cash equivalents of $1,274 million ($910 million in 2024) consisted of cash balances
of $677 million ($545 million in 2024) primarily on deposit with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of
$598 million ($365 million in 2024). IGM manages credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents by adhering to its
investment and counterparty credit risk management policies that outline credit risk parameters and concentration limits. IGM
regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial instruments
is their carrying value.
Funds held on behalf of clients of $4.3 billion ($3.7 billion in 2024) are held with Schedule I chartered banks.
As at December 31, 2025, residential mortgages, including HELOCs, recorded on IGM’s balance sheets, of $5.3 billion
($5.5 billion in 2024) consisted of $4.8 billion sold to securitization programs ($5.1 billion in 2024), $493 million held pending
sale or securitization ($406 million in 2024) and $10 million related to IGM’s intermediary operations ($11 million in 2024).
IGM manages credit risk related to residential mortgages through:
   Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;
   Its loan servicing capabilities;
   Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by IGM; and
   Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through its own network of Mortgage Advisors and
     IG Wealth Management advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan™.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               A  195
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       In certain instances, IGM’s credit risk is also limited by the terms and nature of securitization transactions as described below:
                                         Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.6 billion ($2.5 billion in 2024), IGM is obligated to make timely payment of
                                           principal and coupons irrespective of whether such payments were received from the mortgage borrower. However, as
                                           required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans are insured by an approved insurer.
                                         Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.2 billion ($2.6 billion
                                           in 2024) is limited to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future net interest income, the fair values of which were
                                           $54 million ($63 million in 2024) and $51 million ($38 million in 2024), respectively, at December 31, 2025. Cash reserve
                                           accounts are reflected on the balance sheets, whereas rights to future net interest income are not reflected on the balance
                                           sheets and will be recorded over the life of the mortgages.
                                       At December 31, 2025, residential mortgages recorded on the balance sheets were 52.6% insured (48.9% in 2024). At
                                       December 31, 2025, impaired mortgages on these portfolios were $6 million ($4 million in 2024). Uninsured non-performing
                                       mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios were $3 million at December 31, 2025 ($2 million in 2024).
                                       IGM also retains certain elements of credit risk on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short-Term Income
                                       Fund through an agreement to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the funds. These loans are not
                                       recorded on the balance sheets as IGM has transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership associated with
                                       these loans.
                                       IGM regularly reviews the credit quality of the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected credit losses.
                                       IGM’s allowance for expected credit losses was $1 million at December 31, 2025 ($1 million in 2024), and is considered
                                       adequate by IGM’s management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage portfolios based on: i) historical credit
                                       performance experience; ii) recent trends in interest rates; iii) current portfolio credit metrics and other relevant
                                       characteristics; iv) its strong financial planning relationship with its clients; and v) stress testing of losses under adverse real
                                       estate market conditions.
                                       IGM’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income securities and mortgage
                                       portfolios have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.
                                       IGM is exposed to credit risk through the derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate securitization
                                       transactions and to hedge market risk related to certain share-based compensation arrangements. These derivatives are
                                       discussed more fully under the IGM market risk section below.
                                       To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a gain position, IGM is exposed to the credit risk that its counterparties
                                       fail to fulfill their obligations under these arrangements.
                                       IGM’s derivative activities are managed in accordance with its derivative policy, which includes counterparty limits and other
                                       parameters to manage counterparty risk. Counterparties are all Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result,
                                       management of IGM has determined that its overall credit risk related to derivatives was not significant at December 31, 2025.
                                       Management of credit risk related to derivatives has not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

                                       MARKET RISK
                                       Foreign Exchange Risk
                                       IGM is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investments in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the carrying value due
                                       to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in other comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2025, a 5%
                                       appreciation in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease the aggregate carrying value of foreign
                                       investments by approximately $120 million ($133 million in 2024).

                                       Interest Rate Risk
                                       IGM is exposed to interest rate risk on its loan portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments used in IGM’s
                                       mortgage banking operations.




                                           A  196                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 23 RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
IGM manages interest rate risk associated with its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate swaps with
Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:
  IGM has in certain instances funded floating rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds (CMB) as part of the
    securitization transactions under the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, IGM is party to a swap whereby it is
    entitled to receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated to pay CMB coupons. This swap
    had a fair value of negative $4.4 million (negative $3.6 million in 2024) and an outstanding notional value of $0.2 billion
    at December 31, 2025 ($0.3 billion in 2024). IGM enters into interest rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks
    to hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on floating rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline. The fair value
    of these swaps totalled negative $0.3 million (negative $4.3 million in 2024), on an outstanding notional amount of
    $1.2 billion at December 31, 2025 ($1.4 billion in 2024). The net fair value of these swaps recorded on the balance sheets
    was negative $4.7 million at December 31, 2025 (negative $7.9 million in 2024) and had an outstanding notional amount
    of $1.4 billion at December 31, 2025 ($1.7 billion in 2024).
  IGM is exposed to the impact that changes in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages committed to or held
    pending sale or securitization to long-term funding sources. IGM enters into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate
    risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by IGM pending sale or securitization. The fair value of these swaps was
    negative $0.1 million (negative $1.1 million in 2024) on an outstanding notional amount of $157 million at December 31,
    2025 ($166 million in 2024).
As at December 31, 2025, the impact to net earnings of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have been an
increase of approximately $0.2 million (increase of $0.5 million in 2024). IGM’s exposure to and management of interest rate
risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

Equity Risk
IGM is exposed to equity risk on its equity investments which are classified as FVPL and on its investments in associates, which
are accounted for using the equity method.
IGM sponsors a number of deferred compensation arrangements where payments to participants are deferred and linked to
the performance of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. IGM hedges its exposure to this risk through the use of forward
agreements and total return swaps.

Risks Related to Assets Under Management and Advisement
Risks related to the performance of the equity markets, changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currencies relative to
the Canadian dollar can have a significant impact on the level and mix of assets under management and advisement. These
changes in assets under management and advisement directly impact earnings of IGM.


NOTE 24 INSURANCE REVENUE

                                                                                                            Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                     2025                      2024

Contracts not measured under the PAA
Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
  Experience adjustments                                                                            (100)                     (61)
  CSM recognized for services provided                                                             1,357                    1,262
  Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                  624                      624
  Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                    9,927                    9,527
  Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                       658                      588
                                                                                                  12,466                   11,940
Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                   9,855                    9,274
Total insurance revenue                                                                           22,321                   21,214




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               A  197
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 25 INSURANCE SERVICE AND OPERATING AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                                                          Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                   2025                      2024 1

                                       Claims and benefits incurred                                                                                                            15,256                    14,598
                                       Allocation of premium directly to recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                             843                       748
                                       Adjustments to the liability for incurred claims                                                                                          (820)                     (773)
                                       Losses and reversal of losses on onerous insurance contracts                                                                               213                        97
                                       Salaries and other employee benefits                                                                                                     6,839                     6,457
                                       General and administrative                                                                                                               4,787                     3,225
                                       Amortization, depreciation and impairment                                                                                                1,009                     1,319
                                       Commissions                                                                                                                              2,911                     3,023
                                       Restructuring and other                                                                                                                    379                       136
                                       Total expenses                                                                                                                          31,417                    28,830

                                       Represented by:
                                         Insurance service expenses                                                                                                            17,239                    16,368
                                         Operating and administrative expenses                                                                                                 14,178                    12,462
                                       Total expenses                                                                                                                          31,417                    28,830
                                       1 Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation.


                                       RESTRUCTURING CHARGES
                                       Restructuring expenses are recorded in operating and administrative expenses on the statements of earnings and include:
                                       Lifeco
                                       Lifeco undertakes a variety of initiatives related to operational restructuring, acquisition-related integration and technology
                                       and process modernization. Only the initiatives that qualify as formal restructuring programs in accordance with IAS 37,
                                       Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, result in a provision. These provisions are described further below.
                                       Other restructuring and business transformation costs that do not qualify are expensed as incurred and are not included in
                                       the amounts described below.
                                       Lifeco recorded restructuring provisions of $361 million for the year ended December 31, 2025. The provisions recorded in
                                       2025 are related to planned technology and efficiency initiatives intended to position Lifeco for future growth and expense
                                       savings, primarily driven by initiatives in Canada of $226 million and Europe of $107 million. Lifeco expects to complete these
                                       restructuring initiatives by the end of 2027.
                                       For the year ended December 31, 2024, Lifeco recorded restructuring provisions of $78 million.

                                       Power Sustainable Manager Inc.
                                       In 2024, Power Sustainable Manager Inc. realigned its strategies, which included a strategic decision to wind down its China
                                       public equity strategy and close its investment management operations in China. Power Sustainable Manager Inc. recorded
                                       a restructuring charge of $14 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.


                                       At December 31, 2025, the balance of restructuring provisions, including those above, amounts to $376 million ($148 million
                                       in 2024) and is recorded in other liabilities.


                                       NOTE 26            FINANCING CHARGES

                                                                                                                                                                                          Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                   2025                      2024

                                       Interest on debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                           731                       686
                                       Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                                                35                        35
                                       Interest on limited recourse capital notes ¹                                                                                                 27                        54
                                       Interest on capital trust debentures                                                                                                         11                        11
                                       Other                                                                                                                                        45                        26
                                                                                                                                                                                   849                       812
                                       1 Beginning in the third quarter of 2025, interest on limited recourse capital notes is recognized as a deduction to equity when incurred.




                                             A  198                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 27 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS




                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CHARACTERISTICS, FUNDING AND RISKS
The Corporation and its subsidiaries maintain funded defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees and advisors as
well as unfunded supplementary employee retirement plans (SERP) for eligible employees. The Corporation and its
subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors.
The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average earnings; however, the
defined benefit plans of the Corporation and its subsidiaries are closed to new entrants. Many of the defined benefit pension
plans also no longer provide future defined benefit accruals. The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ defined benefit plan
exposure is expected to reduce in future years. Where defined benefit pension accruals continue, in most circumstances
active plan participants share in the cost by making contributions in respect of current service. Certain pension payments are
indexed either on an ad hoc basis or a guaranteed basis. The determination of the defined benefit obligation reflects pension
benefits in accordance with the terms of the plans, and assuming the plans are not terminated. Assets supporting the funded
pension plans are held in separate trusteed pension funds. Obligations for the wholly unfunded plans are supported by assets
of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, as applicable.
New hires are only eligible for defined contribution benefits. The defined contribution pension plans provide pension benefits
based on accumulated employee and employer contributions. Contributions to these plans are a set percentage of
employees’ annual income and may be subject to certain vesting requirements.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries also provide unfunded post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to
eligible employees, advisors and their dependents. The Corporation and its subsidiaries' plans were previously amended to
limit which employees could become eligible to receive benefits and Lifeco's subsidiaries' plans are closed to new hires. The
obligations for these benefits are supported by assets of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, as applicable.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries have pension and benefit committees or a trusteed arrangement that provides oversight
for the benefit plans. The benefit plans are monitored on an ongoing basis to assess the benefit, funding and investment
policies, financial status, and funding requirements. Significant changes to benefit plans of the Corporation or of its
subsidiaries require approval from the respective board of directors or committee thereof.
The Corporation and its subsidiaries’ funding policy for the funded pension plans requires annual contributions equal to or
greater than those required by the applicable regulations and plan provisions that govern the funding of the plans. Where
funded plans have a net defined benefit asset, the Corporation and its subsidiaries determine if an economic benefit exists in
the form of potential reductions in future contributions, the present value of future expenses to be paid from the plan and in
the form of surplus refunds, where permitted by applicable regulation and plan provisions.
By their design, the defined benefit plans expose the Corporation and its subsidiaries to the typical risks faced by defined
benefit plans, such as investment performance, changes to the discount rates used to value the obligations, longevity of plan
members, and future inflation. Pension and benefit risk is managed by regular monitoring of the plans, applicable regulations
and other factors that could impact the expenses and cash flows of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                          A  199
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 27 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PLAN ASSETS, BENEFIT OBLIGATION AND FUNDED STATUS
                                                                                                                          December 31, 2025                               December 31, 2024
                                                                                                        Defined benefit         Other post-            Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                                               pension         employment                     pension          employment
                                                                                                                 plans              benefits                    plans               benefits

                                       Change in fair value of plan assets
                                       Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year                             7,786                         -                 7,590                    -
                                          Interest income                                                         351                         -                   327                    -
                                          Employee contributions                                                   22                         -                    24                    -
                                          Employer contributions                                                     8                       21                    13                   23
                                          Actual return on assets greater (less) than interest income            (118)                        -                   163                    -
                                          Benefits paid                                                          (426)                      (21)                 (380)                 (23)
                                          Settlements                                                               (2)                       -                   (56)                   -
                                          Administrative expenses                                                   (7)                       -                     (9)                  -
                                          Foreign exchange and other                                              133                         -                   114                    -
                                       Fair value of plan assets, end of year                                   7,747                         -                 7,786                    -

                                       Change in defined benefit obligation
                                       Defined benefit obligation, beginning of year                            7,600                      292                  7,631                  298
                                         Current service cost                                                      58                         2                    63                     2
                                         Employee contributions                                                    22                        -                     24                    -
                                         Interest cost                                                            340                       12                    333                   13
                                         Actuarial (gains) losses on:
                                            Financial assumption changes                                         (414)                       (1)                 (172)                   -
                                            Demographic assumption changes                                         95                         9                     (3)                  (1)
                                            Arising from member experience                                         13                        (6)                   52                     2
                                         Benefits paid                                                           (426)                     (21)                  (380)                 (23)
                                         Curtailments and termination benefits                                      (3)                      -                      -                    -
                                         Settlements                                                                (2)                      -                    (58)                   -
                                         Foreign exchange and other                                               127                        (1)                  110                     1
                                       Defined benefit obligation, end of year                                  7,410                      286                  7,600                  292

                                       Funded status
                                         Fund surplus (deficit)                                                   337                     (286)                   186                 (292)
                                         Unrecognized amount due to asset ceiling (see below)                    (231)                       -                   (177)                   -
                                       Accrued benefit asset (liability)                                          106                     (286)                     9                 (292)




                                            A  200                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 27 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The aggregate defined benefit obligation of pension plans is as follows:
                                                                                                                  December 31,                  December 31,
                                                                                                                        2025                          2024

Wholly or partly funded plans                                                                                             6,817                      7,012
Wholly unfunded plans                                                                                                       593                        588

The net accrued benefit asset (liability) shown above is presented in these financial statements as follows:

                                                                                     December 31, 2025                                     December 31, 2024
                                                         Defined benefit     Other post-                  Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                pension     employment                           pension          employment
                                                                  plans         benefits          Total            plans              benefits          Total

Pension benefit assets [Note 8]                                      686             -            686               610                    -            610
Pension and other post-employment benefit
 liabilities [Note 17]                                              (580)         (286)          (866)             (601)                (292)          (893)
Accrued benefit asset (liability)                                    106          (286)          (180)                9                 (292)          (283)

Under International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) 14, The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum
Funding Requirements and their Interaction, the Corporation and its subsidiaries must assess whether each pension plan’s
asset has economic benefit to the Corporation and its subsidiaries through future contribution reductions, the present value
of future expenses to be paid from the plan, or surplus refunds; in the event the Corporation or its subsidiaries are not entitled
to a benefit, a limit or “asset ceiling” is required on the balance sheet. The following provides a breakdown of the changes in
the asset ceiling:
                                                                                                                  December 31,                  December 31,
                                                                                                                        2025                          2024

Asset ceiling, beginning of year                                                                                            177                        213
  Interest on asset ceiling                                                                                                   6                          8
  Change in asset ceiling                                                                                                    39                        (48)
  Foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                               9                          4
Asset ceiling, end of year                                                                                                  231                        177




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        A  201
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 27 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       PENSION AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFIT EXPENSE
                                                                                                                                             December 31, 2025                                December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                   Other post-                                      Other post-
                                                                                                                                Pension           employment                        Pension        employment
                                                                                                                                  plans                benefits                       plans             benefits

                                       Defined benefit current service cost                                                         58                           2                     63                     2
                                       Net interest                                                                                 (5)                        12                      14                   13
                                       Curtailments and settlements                                                                 (3)                         -                      (2)                   -
                                       Administrative expenses                                                                       7                          -                       9                    -
                                       Defined contribution current service cost                                                   261                          -                     232                    -
                                       Expense recognized in net earnings                                                          318                         14                     316                   15

                                       Actuarial (gains) losses recognized                                                        (306)                          2                   (123)                    1
                                       Return on assets less (greater) than discount rate                                          118                          -                    (163)                   -
                                       Change in asset ceiling                                                                      39                          -                     (48)                   -
                                       Expense (income) recognized in
                                        other comprehensive income (loss)                                                         (149)                          2                   (334)                    1

                                       Total expense (income)                                                                      169                         16                      (18)                 16

                                       In 2025, the Corporation and its subsidiaries incurred $2 million of actuarial gains ($1 million of actuarial gains in 2024) for
                                       pension plan remeasurements not included in the table shown above. This relates to the share of actuarial gains for
                                       investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates.

                                       ASSET ALLOCATION BY MAJOR CATEGORY WEIGHTED BY PLAN ASSETS
                                                                                                                                                                               Defined benefit pension plans
                                                                                                                                                                     December 31,              December 31,
                                       Percentage (%)                                                                                                                      2025                        2024

                                       Equity securities                                                                                                                        34                         37
                                       Debt securities                                                                                                                          51                         52
                                       All other assets 1                                                                                                                       15                         11
                                                                                                                                                                               100                        100
                                       1 Includes $404 million of buy-in annuities, of which $305 million were purchased in 2025. These buy-in annuities were purchased by a subsidiary of the Corporation to
                                         cover the remaining of its future annuity payments.

                                       No plan assets are directly invested in the Corporation’s or subsidiaries’ securities. Lifeco’s plan assets include investments in
                                       segregated and other funds managed by subsidiaries of Lifeco of $5,972 million at December 31, 2025 ($5,971 million at
                                       December 31, 2024) of which $5,972 million ($5,970 million at December 31, 2024) are included in the balance sheets. Plan
                                       assets do not include any property occupied or other assets used by Lifeco. A portion of IGM’s plan assets are invested in
                                       investment funds managed by IGM or related parties. A portion of Power Corporation and Power Financial’s plan assets are
                                       invested in segregated funds managed by a subsidiary of Lifeco.




                                            A  202                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 27 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DETAILS OF DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATION
Portion of Defined Benefit Obligation Subject to Future Salary Increases
                                                                                                     December 31, 2025                            December 31, 2024
                                                                                 Defined benefit           Other post-         Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                        pension           employment                  pension          employment
                                                                                          plans                benefits                 plans               benefits

Benefit obligation without future salary increases                                       6,972                    286                  7,085                   292
Effect of assumed future salary increases                                                  438                      -                    515                     -
Defined benefit obligation                                                               7,410                    286                  7,600                   292


Maturity Profile of Plan Membership
                                                                                                     December 31, 2025                            December 31, 2024
                                                                                 Defined benefit           Other post-         Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                        pension           employment                  pension          employment
Percentage (%)                                                                            plans                benefits                 plans               benefits

Actives                                                                                     33                     17                       35                  19
Deferred vesteds                                                                            14                      -                       14                   -
Retirees                                                                                    53                     83                       51                  81
Total                                                                                      100                    100                      100                 100

Weighted average duration of
 defined benefit obligation (in years)                                                    13.5                     9.4                     14.5                  9.9


CASH FLOW INFORMATION
The expected employer contributions (use of surplus) for the year 2026 are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                        Other post-
                                                                                                                                                       employment
                                                                                                                           Pension plans                   benefits

Funded (wholly or partly) defined benefit plans                                                                                    (37)                           -
Unfunded defined benefit plans                                                                                                      41                           19
Defined contribution plans                                                                                                         290                            -
Total                                                                                                                              294                           19


ACTUARIAL ASSUMPTIONS AND SENSITIVITIES
Actuarial Assumptions
                                                                                                      December 31, 2025                           December 31, 2024
                                                                                   Defined benefit          Other post-        Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                          pension          employment                 pension          employment
Percentage (%)                                                                              plans               benefits                plans               benefits

Range of discount rates
  To determine benefit cost                                                             4.5 - 4.8              4.6 - 5.0             4.4 – 4.6             4.6 – 5.0
  To determine defined benefit obligation at year-end                                   4.6 - 5.1              4.6 - 5.1             4.5 – 4.8             4.6 – 5.0
Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit cost 1
 Discount rate                                                                                4.6                   4.7                     4.5                  4.7
 Rate of compensation increase                                                                3.4                    -                      3.4                   -

Weighted average assumptions used to determine defined
 benefit obligation at year-end 1
  Discount rate                                                                               4.9                   4.8                     4.6                  4.7
  Rate of compensation increase                                                               3.3                    -                      3.4                   -
Weighted average healthcare trend rates 1
 Initial healthcare trend rate                                                                                      4.7                                         4.8
 Ultimate healthcare trend rate                                                                                     3.8                                         3.8
 Year ultimate trend rate is reached                                                                              2039                                        2039
1 Weighted based on the obligations of each plan.




                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          A  203
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 27 PENSION PLANS AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Sample Life Expectancies Based on Mortality Assumptions
                                                                                                                           December 31, 2025                              December 31, 2024
                                                                                                        Defined benefit          Other post-           Defined benefit          Other post-
                                                                                                               pension          employment                    pension          employment
                                                                                                                 plans               benefits                   plans               benefits
                                       Weighted average life expectancies based on mortality
                                        assumptions 1:
                                         Male
                                            Age 65 in fiscal year                                                23.3                      23.5                  22.9                 22.8
                                            Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                           25.4                      25.5                  24.7                 24.2
                                         Female
                                            Age 65 in fiscal year                                                25.5                      25.8                  25.0                 25.0
                                            Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                           27.6                      27.8                  26.9                 26.5
                                       1 Weighted based on the obligations of each plan.


                                       Mortality assumptions are significant in measuring the defined benefit obligation for defined benefit plans. The period of time
                                       over which benefits are assumed to be paid is based on best estimates of future mortality, including allowances for mortality
                                       improvements. This estimate is subject to considerable uncertainty, and judgment is required in establishing this assumption.
                                       The mortality assumptions applied by the Corporation and its subsidiaries take into consideration average life expectancy,
                                       including allowances for future longevity improvements as appropriate, and reflect variations in such factors as age, gender
                                       and geographic location.
                                       The mortality tables are reviewed at least annually, and assumptions are in accordance with accepted actuarial practice.
                                       Emerging plan experience is reviewed and considered in establishing the best estimate for future mortality.
                                       The calculation of the defined benefit obligation is sensitive to the mortality assumptions. The effect of a one-year increase in
                                       life expectancy would be an increase in the defined benefit obligation of $208 million for the defined benefit pension plans
                                       and $8 million for the other post-employment benefits ($215 million and $7 million in 2024, respectively).

                                       Impact of Changes to Assumptions on Defined Benefit Obligation
                                                                                                                          December 31, 2025                               December 31, 2024
                                                                                                           1% increase            1% decrease               1% increase         1% decrease

                                       Defined benefit pension plans:
                                       Impact of a change to the discount rate                                   (871)                   1,070                   (949)               1,180
                                       Impact of a change to the rate of compensation increase                    163                     (151)                   192                 (176)
                                       Impact of a change to the rate of inflation                                389                     (343)                   410                 (362)

                                       Other post-employment benefits:
                                       Impact of a change to the discount rate                                    (24)                       28                   (26)                  30
                                       Impact of a change to assumed medical cost trend rates                      16                       (15)                   17                  (15)


                                       To measure the impact of a change in an assumption, all other assumptions were held constant. It would be expected that
                                       there would be interaction between at least some of the assumptions and therefore the sensitivity analysis presented may not
                                       be representative of the actual change.




                                            A  204                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 28         DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS




                                                                                                                                                         PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
In the normal course of managing exposure to fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates, and to market risks, the
Corporation and its subsidiaries are end-users of various derivative financial instruments. Contracts are either exchange
traded or over-the-counter with counterparties that are credit-worthy financial intermediaries.
The following tables summarize the portfolio of derivative financial instruments of the Corporation and its subsidiaries:

                                                                                                           Notional amount             Carrying value
                                                                              1 year                   Over
December 31, 2025                                                             or less   1-5 years    5 years          Total   Assets       Liabilities

Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges
Interest rate contracts
   Swaps                                                                      1,284      3,952       8,998        14,234       180             (575)
   Options purchased                                                            206        822       3,218         4,246        38                -
   Bond forwards                                                                  -          -         372           372          1               (6)
   Futures – short                                                              153          -           -           153         -                -
                                                                              1,643      4,774      12,588        19,005       219             (581)
Foreign exchange contracts
  Cross-currency swaps                                                        3,462      8,688      22,011        34,161      1,232          (1,549)
  Forward contracts                                                           8,312        559           -         8,871         91             (33)
  Options written                                                               127          -           -           127          -               -
                                                                             11,901      9,247      22,011        43,159      1,323          (1,582)
Other derivative contracts
  Equity contracts                                                            1,400        279           -         1,679        246               -
  Futures – long                                                                 18          -           -            18          -               -
  Futures – short                                                               688          -           -           688           2              (3)
  Equity options purchased                                                    1,459      1,435           -         2,894         23               -
  Equity options written                                                          -          -           -             -          -            (103)
  Credit default swaps                                                            -        685           -           685           1              -
                                                                              3,565      2,399           -         5,964        272            (106)
                                                                             17,109     16,420      34,599        68,128      1,814          (2,269)

Fair value hedges
Foreign currency risk
   Foreign exchange contracts
      Forward contracts                                                          81           -          -             81         2               -

Cash flow hedges
Interest rate risk
   Interest rate contracts
      Swaps                                                                       -         101      1,231          1,332        42               (2)
Foreign currency risk
   Foreign exchange contracts
      Cross-currency swaps                                                       9            7          -             16         -               -
      Forward contracts                                                        193          506          -            699          4              (5)
Equity risk
   Other derivative contracts
      Equity contracts                                                         256         399           -            655      375                -
                                                                               458       1,013       1,231          2,702      421                (7)

Net investment hedges
Foreign currency risk
  Foreign exchange contracts
     Cross-currency swaps                                                         -          -       2,270         2,270         11            (152)
     Forward contracts                                                        1,971      1,128           -         3,099         42             (10)
                                                                              1,971      1,128       2,270         5,369         53            (162)
                                                                             19,619     18,561      38,100        76,280      2,290          (2,438)




                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             A  205
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 28 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                           Notional amount               Carrying value
                                                                                                      1 year                           Over
                                       December 31, 2024                                              or less    1-5 years           5 years          Total     Assets       Liabilities

                                       Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges
                                       Interest rate contracts
                                          Swaps                                                       1,293        3,674             7,126           12,093      266             (367)
                                          Options purchased                                             216          864             2,159            3,239       90                -
                                          Options written                                               150            -                 -              150        -                (1)
                                          Futures – short                                               159            -                 -              159        -                -
                                                                                                      1,818        4,538             9,285           15,641      356             (368)
                                       Foreign exchange contracts
                                         Cross-currency swaps                                         3,776        9,416           20,514            33,706     1,862          (1,402)
                                         Forward contracts                                            5,960             7               -             5,967        16            (225)
                                         Options written                                                109            -                -               109         -               -
                                                                                                      9,845        9,423           20,514            39,782     1,878          (1,627)
                                       Other derivative contracts
                                         Equity contracts                                             1,774         773                 -             2,547        80             (18)
                                         Futures – long                                                  14           -                 -                14         -               -
                                         Futures – short                                                599           -                 -               599         -               -
                                         Equity options written                                           -       1,509                 -             1,509        28               -
                                         Credit default swaps                                             -         746                13               759          1              -
                                                                                                      2,387       3,028                13             5,428       109             (18)
                                                                                                     14,050      16,989            29,812            60,851     2,343          (2,013)

                                       Fair value hedges
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                          Foreign exchange contracts
                                             Forward contracts                                           79             -                 -                79       -               (3)

                                       Cash flow hedges
                                       Interest rate risk
                                          Interest rate contracts
                                             Swaps                                                        -          145             1,255             1,400       15             (15)
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                          Foreign exchange contracts
                                             Cross-currency swaps                                        46           25                  -               71        6               -
                                             Forward contracts                                            -          267                  -              267        1               -
                                       Equity risk
                                          Other derivative contracts
                                             Equity contracts                                          169           336                 -               505     132                -
                                                                                                       215           773             1,255             2,243     154              (15)

                                       Net investment hedges
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                         Foreign exchange contracts
                                            Cross-currency swaps                                          -           -             2,270             2,270       103             (61)
                                            Forward contracts                                         2,353         547                 -             2,900        37             (88)
                                                                                                      2,353         547             2,270             5,170       140            (149)
                                                                                                     16,697      18,309            33,337            68,343     2,637          (2,180)


                                       The amount subject to maximum credit risk is limited to the current fair value of the instruments which are in a gain position
                                       (assets). The maximum credit risk represents the total cost of all derivative contracts with positive values and does not reflect
                                       actual or expected losses. The total assets and liabilities represents the total amount that the Corporation and its subsidiaries
                                       would receive (or pay) to terminate all agreements at year-end. However, this would not result in a gain or loss to the
                                       Corporation and its subsidiaries as the derivative instruments which correlate to certain assets and liabilities provide offsetting
                                       gains or losses.




                                            A  206                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 28 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                     PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
DERIVATIVES DESIGNATED AS ACCOUNTING HEDGES
The following tables provide further details on the portfolio of derivative financial instruments designated as accounting
hedges by the Corporation and its subsidiaries:

                                                                                                                   Notional amount
December 31, 2025                                                                  1 year                  Over
[exchange rates are expressed in dollar terms]                                     or less   1-5 years   5 years             Total

Fair value hedges
Foreign currency risk
   Foreign exchange contracts
      Forward contracts                                                               81           -         -                81
      Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                        1.41           -         -              1.41
Cash flow hedges
Interest rate risk
   Interest rate contracts
      Swaps                                                                            -        101      1,231             1,332
      Weighted average fixed interest rate (%)                                         -        2.94      3.27              3.25
Foreign currency risk
  Foreign exchange contracts
     Forward contracts                                                              193         506          -              699
     Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                            -        1.37         -              1.37
     Weighted average CHF-USD exchange rate                                         1.25           -         -              1.25
      Cross-currency swaps                                                              9           7        -                16
      Weighted average USD-EUR exchange rate                                        0.92           -         -              0.92
      Weighted average USD-GBP exchange rate                                           -        0.76         -              0.76
Equity risk
  Other derivative contracts
     Equity contracts                                                               256        399           -              655
     Weighted average share price (POW) ($/share)                                  52.39      48.75          -             51.87
     Weighted average share price (GWO) ($/share)                                  36.69      47.53          -             43.75
     Weighted average share price (IGM) ($/share)                                  48.72      45.75          -             46.73
Net investment hedges
Foreign currency risk
  Foreign exchange contracts
     Cross-currency swaps                                                              -           -     2,270             2,270
     Weighted average EUR-CAD exchange rate                                            -           -      1.41              1.41
     Weighted average GBP-CAD exchange rate                                            -           -      1.73              1.73
      Forward contracts                                                            1,971      1,128          -             3,099
      Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                        1.37       1.37          -              1.37
      Weighted average EUR-GBP exchange rate                                        0.87       0.87          -              0.87




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                      A  207
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 28 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                                                        Notional amount
                                       December 31, 2024                                                   1 year                               Over
                                       [exchange rates are expressed in dollar terms]                      or less          1-5 years         5 years             Total

                                       Fair value hedges
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                          Foreign exchange contracts
                                             Forward contracts                                               79                    -              -                79
                                             Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                        1.37                    -              -              1.37
                                       Cash flow hedges
                                       Interest rate risk
                                          Interest rate contracts
                                             Swaps                                                             -                145           1,255             1,400
                                             Weighted average fixed interest rate (%)                          -                2.92           3.29              3.25
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                         Foreign exchange contracts
                                            Forward contracts                                                  -                267               -              267
                                            Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                             -                1.40              -              1.40
                                             Cross-currency swaps                                            46                   25              -                71
                                             Weighted average USD-AUD exchange rate                        1.33                    -              -              1.33
                                             Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                        1.26                    -              -              1.26
                                             Weighted average USD-EUR exchange rate                        0.91                 0.92              -              0.91
                                             Weighted average USD-GBP exchange rate                        0.76                 0.76              -              0.76
                                       Equity risk
                                         Other derivative contracts
                                            Equity contracts                                               169                 336                -              505
                                            Weighted average share price (POW) ($/share)                  35.12               32.39               -             34.27
                                            Weighted average share price (GWO) ($/share)                  38.71               39.40               -             39.17
                                            Weighted average share price (IGM) ($/share)                  47.84               45.02               -             45.77
                                       Net investment hedges
                                       Foreign currency risk
                                         Foreign exchange contracts
                                            Cross-currency swaps                                               -                   -          2,270             2,270
                                            Weighted average EUR-CAD exchange rate                             -                   -           1.41              1.41
                                            Weighted average GBP-CAD exchange rate                             -                   -           1.73              1.73
                                             Forward contracts                                            2,353                 547               -             2,900
                                             Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                        1.37                    -              -              1.37
                                             Weighted average EUR-GBP exchange rate                        0.83                 0.83              -              0.83




                                             A  208                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 28 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                 PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The Corporation and its subsidiaries use the following derivatives:
Type                    Purpose

Interest rate           Interest rate swaps, futures and options are used as part of a portfolio of assets to manage interest rate risk
contracts               associated with investment activities and insurance and investment contract liabilities and to reduce the impact of
                        fluctuating interest rates on the mortgage banking operations, intermediary operations and debt instruments.
                        Interest rate swap agreements require the periodic exchange of payments without the exchange of the notional
                        principal amount on which payments are based.
                        Call options grant the Corporation and its subsidiaries the right to enter into a swap with predetermined fixed rate
                        payments over a predetermined time period on the exercise date. Call options are used to manage the variability
                        in future interest payments due to a change in credited interest rates and the related potential change in cash
                        flows due to surrenders. Call options are also used to hedge minimum rate guarantees, debt instruments and
                        hedging costs of deferred compensation arrangements.

Foreign exchange        Cross-currency swaps are used in combination with other investments to manage foreign exchange risk associated
contracts               with investment activities and insurance and investment contract liabilities. Under these swaps, principal amounts
                        and fixed or floating interest payments may be exchanged in different currencies. Cross-currency swaps are also
                        used to hedge the Corporation and its subsidiaries' net investment in foreign operations. The Corporation and its
                        subsidiaries may also enter into certain foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain product liabilities and
                        future cash flows.

Other derivative        Equity index swaps, futures and options are used to hedge certain product liabilities. Equity index swaps are
contracts               also used as substitutes for cash instruments and are used to periodically hedge the market risk associated with
                        certain fee income. Equity put options are used to manage the potential credit risk impact of significant declines in
                        certain equity markets.
                        Equity forward agreements and total return swaps are used to manage exposure to fluctuations in the total return
                        of common shares related to deferred compensation arrangements. Forward agreements are contractual
                        agreements to buy or sell a financial instrument on a future date at a specified price. Total return swaps require the
                        exchange of net contractual payments periodically or at maturity without the exchange of the notional principal
                        amounts on which the payments are based. Certain of these instruments are not designated as hedges.


HEDGE ACCOUNTING
Fair Value Hedges
The ineffective portion of fair value hedges recognized in the net investment result, which includes foreign exchange
contracts, was nil during 2025 and 2024.

Cash Flow Hedges
The ineffective portion of the cash flow hedges, which include interest rate contracts, foreign exchange contracts, and equity
total return swap contracts, was not significant during 2025 and 2024, and the anticipated net gains (losses) expected to be
reclassified out of other comprehensive income within the next twelve months are not significant. The maximum time frame
for which variable cash flows are hedged is 22 years.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         A  209
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 28 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       NET INVESTMENT HEDGES
                                       The effects of the net investment hedges on the statements of earnings and statements of comprehensive income are shown
                                       in the following tables.
                                                                                                                                                              Gains (losses)
                                                                                             Change in fair       Change in fair                                reclassified
                                                                                           value of hedged     value of hedging        Gains (losses)            from other    Ineffectiveness
                                                                                                   items for     instruments for    deferred in other       comprehensive       recognized in
                                                                                            ineffectiveness      ineffectiveness     comprehensive          income into net    net investment
                                       December 31, 2025                                      measurement         measurement                income       investment result              result

                                       Euro-denominated debt                                          120                 (120)                  (120)                   -                  -
                                       Cross-currency swaps                                           145                 (145)                  (145)                   -                  -
                                       Foreign exchange forward contracts                             (44)                  44                     44                    -                  -
                                                                                                      221                 (221)                  (221)                   -                  -


                                                                                                                                                              Gains (losses)
                                                                                             Change in fair       Change in fair                                reclassified
                                                                                           value of hedged     value of hedging        Gains (losses)            from other    Ineffectiveness
                                                                                                   items for     instruments for    deferred in other       comprehensive       recognized in
                                                                                            ineffectiveness      ineffectiveness     comprehensive          income into net    net investment
                                       December 31, 2024                                      measurement         measurement                income       investment result              result

                                       Euro-denominated debt                                           30                  (30)                   (30)                   -                  -
                                       Cross-currency swaps                                            85                  (85)                   (85)                   -                  -
                                       Foreign exchange forward contracts                              88                  (88)                   (88)                   -                  -
                                                                                                      203                 (203)                  (203)                   -                  -




                                            A  210                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 28 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
ENFORCEABLE MASTER NETTING AGREEMENTS OR SIMILAR AGREEMENTS
The Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into the International Swaps and Derivative Association’s (ISDA’s) master
agreements for transacting over-the-counter derivatives. The Corporation and its subsidiaries receive and pledge collateral
according to the related ISDA’s Credit Support Annexes. The ISDA’s master agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting
on the balance sheets because they create a right of set-off that is enforceable only in the event of default, insolvency, or
bankruptcy.
For exchange-traded derivatives subject to derivative clearing agreements with exchanges and clearing houses, there is no
provision for set-off at default. Initial margin is excluded from the tables below as it would become part of a pooled settlement
process.
The following disclosure shows the potential effect on the balance sheets of financial instruments that have been shown in a
gross position where right of set-off exists under certain circumstances that do not qualify for netting on the balance sheets.

                                                                                                                                                          December 31, 2025
                                                                                                       Related amounts not set off in the balance sheet
                                                                                   Gross amount of
                                                                                           financial                                         Financial
                                                                                       instruments                 Offsetting                collateral
                                                                                   presented in the              counterparty               received /
                                                                                     balance sheet                   position 1               pledged 2        Net exposure

Financial instruments - assets
Derivative financial instruments                                                            2,290                    (1,246)                     (485)                559
                                                                                            2,290                    (1,246)                     (485)                559

Financial instruments - liabilities
Derivative financial instruments                                                            2,438                    (1,246)                     (669)                523
                                                                                            2,438                    (1,246)                     (669)                523



                                                                                                                                                          December 31, 2024
                                                                                                       Related amounts not set off in the balance sheet
                                                                                   Gross amount of
                                                                                           financial                                         Financial
                                                                                       instruments                 Offsetting                collateral
                                                                                   presented in the              counterparty               received /
                                                                                     balance sheet                   position 1               pledged 2        Net exposure

Financial instruments - assets
Derivative financial instruments                                                            2,637                    (1,134)                  (1,130)                 373
                                                                                            2,637                    (1,134)                  (1,130)                 373

Financial instruments - liabilities
Derivative financial instruments                                                            2,180                    (1,134)                     (628)                418
                                                                                            2,180                    (1,134)                     (628)                418
1 Includes counterparty amounts recognized on the balance sheets where the Corporation and its subsidiaries have a potential offsetting position (as described above) but
  does not meet the criteria for offsetting on the balance sheets, excluding collateral.
2 Financial collateral presented above excludes overcollateralization and, for exchange-traded derivatives, initial margin. At December 31, 2025, total financial collateral,
  including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1,427 million ($1,732 million at December 31, 2024), and pledged on derivative
  liabilities was $2,501 million ($2,068 million at December 31, 2024).




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               A  211
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 29           FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed have been categorized
                                       based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
                                       Level            Definition                                                               Financial assets and liabilities
                                       Level 1          Utilize observable, unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for           actively exchange-traded equity securities;
                                                        identical assets or liabilities that the Corporation has the ability to      exchange-traded futures;
                                                        access.                                                                      mutual and segregated funds which have available
                                                                                                                                      prices in an active market with no redemption
                                                                                                                                      restrictions;
                                                                                                                                     open-end investment fund units and other financial
                                                                                                                                      liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices
                                                                                                                                      available from active markets.
                                       Level 2          Utilize other-than-quoted prices included in Level 1 that are                assets and liabilities priced using a matrix which is
                                                        observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.         based on credit quality and average life;
                                                        Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and                  government and agency securities;
                                                        liabilities in active markets, and inputs other-than-quoted prices           restricted shares;
                                                        that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates       certain private bonds and investment funds;
                                                        and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted                      most investment-grade and high-yield corporate
                                                        intervals.                                                                    bonds;
                                                                                                                                     most asset-backed securities;
                                                                                                                                     most over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                                                     most mortgage and other loans;
                                                                                                                                     deposits and certificates;
                                                                                                                                     most debentures and other debt instruments;
                                                                                                                                     most of the investment contracts that are measured at
                                                                                                                                      FVPL;
                                                                                                                                     notes issued by consolidated CLOs;
                                                                                                                                     certain limited-life and redeemable fund units.
                                       Level 3          Utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on                 certain bonds;
                                                        observable market inputs and include situations where there is               certain asset-backed securities;
                                                        little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.                  certain private equities;
                                                        The values of the majority of Level 3 securities were obtained               certain investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                                        from single-broker quotes, internal pricing models, external                  and associates;
                                                        appraisers or by discounting projected cash flows.                           certain mortgage and other loans, including
                                                                                                                                      equity-release mortgages;
                                                                                                                                     investments in mutual and segregated funds where
                                                                                                                                      there are redemption restrictions;
                                                                                                                                     certain over-the-counter derivatives;
                                                                                                                                     investment properties;
                                                                                                                                     obligations to securitization entities;
                                                                                                                                     most of the limited-life and redeemable fund units.

                                       The Corporation’s assets and liabilities recorded or disclosed at fair value, including their levels in the fair value hierarchy
                                       using the valuation methods and assumptions described in the summary of significant accounting policies (Note 2) and above,
                                       are presented below. Fair values represent management’s estimates and are generally calculated using market information
                                       at a specific point in time and may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature and involve
                                       uncertainties and matters of significant judgment.




                                               A  212                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 29 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                            PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
The following tables distinguish between assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis and those for which
fair value is disclosed. These tables exclude fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at
fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of the fair value. Items excluded are: cash and cash equivalents,
dividends, accounts and interest receivable, securities borrowed, funds held on behalf of clients, certain other financial assets,
accounts payable, dividends and interest payable, securities loaned and certain other financial liabilities.
                                                                                   Carrying                                                                        Total
December 31, 2025                                                                     value          Level 1             Level 2            Level 3           fair value

Assets
Assets recorded at fair value
  Bonds
     FVPL                                                                         161,232                  -          161,041                 191            161,232
     FVOCI                                                                         13,040                  -           13,040                   -             13,040
  Mortgage and other loans
     FVPL                                                                          32,489                  -           26,139               6,350              32,489
     FVOCI                                                                            269                  -              269                   -                 269
  Shares
     FVPL                                                                          21,301           12,751                 183              8,367              21,301
     FVOCI                                                                          1,043            1,033                   -                 10               1,043
  Investment in jointly controlled corporations
    and associates ¹                                                                1,452                -                  -               1,452              1,452
  Investment properties                                                             8,493                -                  -               8,493              8,493
  Derivative instruments                                                            2,290                2              2,285                   3              2,290
  Trading account assets                                                            3,995              244              3,751                   -              3,995
  Other assets                                                                        849                -                615                 234                849
                                                                                  246,453           14,030            207,323              25,100            246,453
Assets disclosed at fair value
  Bonds
     Amortized cost                                                                   595                  -               596                    -               596
  Mortgage and other loans
     Amortized cost                                                                11,287                -              6,074               4,890             10,964
                                                                                   11,882                -              6,670               4,890             11,560
Total                                                                             258,335           14,030            213,993              29,990            258,013

Liabilities
Liabilities recorded at fair value
   Investment contract liabilities                                                 89,042                 -            89,042                   -             89,042
   Derivative instruments                                                           2,438                 3             2,428                   7              2,438
   Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                       3,904                 -             3,904                   -              3,904
   Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                           4,128                 -                 -               4,128              4,128
   Lifeco's other debt instruments                                                     51                 -                51                   -                 51
   Consolidated investment funds’ other debt instruments                               86                 -                86                   -                 86
   Other liabilities                                                                  649                 -               624                  25                649
                                                                                  100,298                 3            96,135               4,160            100,298
Liabilities disclosed at fair value
   Obligations to securitization entities                                           4,815                  -                   -            4,916               4,916
   Power Corporation's debentures and
    other debt instruments                                                            647                  -               682                    -               682
   Non-recourse debentures and
    other debt instruments of:
      Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                              11,303              273             10,516                   -              10,789
      Consolidated investment funds and Other                                       4,060                -              4,006                   -               4,006
   Client funds payable                                                            25,793                -             25,793                   -              25,793
   Other liabilities                                                                  514                -                  -                 514                 514
                                                                                   47,132              273             40,997               5,430              46,700
Total                                                                             147,430              276            137,132               9,590            146,998
1   Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been
    elected to be measured at FVPL.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           A  213
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 29 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                                                                           Carrying                                                                             Total
                                       December 31, 2024                                                                      value             Level 1                Level 2            Level 3          fair value

                                       Assets
                                       Assets recorded at fair value
                                         Bonds
                                            FVPL                                                                         153,266                       -            153,088                 178           153,266
                                            FVOCI                                                                         13,758                       -             13,758                   -            13,758
                                         Mortgage and other loans
                                            FVPL                                                                           33,932                      -             28,790               5,142            33,932
                                            FVOCI                                                                             461                      -                461                   -               461
                                         Shares
                                            FVPL                                                                           18,649              11,174                    260              7,215            18,649
                                            FVOCI                                                                             923                 923                      -                  -               923
                                         Investment in jointly controlled corporations
                                           and associates ¹                                                                  950                    -                     -                 950               950
                                         Investment properties                                                             8,350                    -                     -               8,350             8,350
                                         Derivative instruments                                                            2,637                    1                 2,630                   6             2,637
                                         Trading account assets                                                            3,701                  252                 3,449                   -             3,701
                                         Other assets                                                                        395                    -                   219                 176               395
                                                                                                                         237,022               12,350               202,655              22,017           237,022
                                       Assets disclosed at fair value
                                         Bonds
                                            Amortized cost                                                                    376                      -                 377                   -               377
                                         Mortgage and other loans
                                            Amortized cost                                                                10,272                    -                 4,607               5,078             9,685
                                                                                                                          10,648                    -                 4,984               5,078            10,062
                                       Total                                                                             247,670               12,350               207,639              27,095           247,084

                                       Liabilities
                                       Liabilities recorded at fair value
                                          Investment contract liabilities                                                  90,157                      -             90,157                   -            90,157
                                          Derivative instruments                                                            2,180                      -              2,171                   9             2,180
                                          Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                        3,791                      -              3,791                   -             3,791
                                          Limited-life and redeemable fund units                                            2,928                      -                 22               2,906             2,928
                                          Lifeco's other debt instruments                                                      54                      -                 54                   -                54
                                          Consolidated investment funds’ other debt instruments                                43                      -                 43                   -                43
                                          Other liabilities                                                                   240                      -                219                  21               240
                                                                                                                           99,393                      -             96,457               2,936            99,393
                                       Liabilities disclosed at fair value
                                          Obligations to securitization entities                                            5,025                      -                     -            5,098              5,098
                                          Power Corporation's debentures and
                                           other debt instruments                                                             647                      -                 703                   -               703
                                          Non-recourse debentures and
                                           other debt instruments of:
                                             Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                               11,977                  143               11,192                   -            11,335
                                             Consolidated investment funds and Other                                        3,835                    -                3,820                   -             3,820
                                          Client funds payable                                                             16,605                    -               16,605                   -            16,605
                                          Other liabilities                                                                   424                    -                    -                 424               424
                                                                                                                           38,513                  143               32,320               5,522            37,985
                                       Total                                                                             137,906                   143              128,777               8,458           137,378
                                       1 Represents investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates held by entities that meet the definition of a venture capital organization, which have been elected
                                         to be measured at FVPL.


                                       There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2025 and 2024.




                                             A  214                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 29 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
Additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis for which the Corporation and
its subsidiaries have utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 is
presented below.
                                                                  Shares and investments
                                                     Mortgage         in jointly controlled                                 Limited-life
                                                     and other           corporations and                                          and      Assets         Other
                                         Bonds           loans                   associates   Investment    Derivatives,   redeemable      held for        assets
December 31, 2025                          FVPL           FVPL         FVPL ²       FVOCI      properties            net     fund units        sale   (liabilities)           Total

Balance, beginning of year                 178          5,142          8,165             -        8,350              (3)       (2,906)           -          155         19,081
  Total gains (losses)
     Net earnings                            (8)          291          1,104             -         (137)              3          (681)           -               -            572
     Other comprehensive
       income ¹                               8            62           (189)           6           (48)               -          100            -          (10)           (71)
  Business acquisition                         -             -              -            -             -               -             -           -          136            136
  Purchases                                (69)           452          1,754            2           741              (2)             -           -            7          2,885
  Issues                                       -          739               -            -             -               -         (889)           -             -          (150)
  Sales                                      (5)             -        (1,006)          26          (439)               -             -           -             -        (1,424)
  Settlements                               64           (415)              -         (26)             -             (2)          245            -          (79)          (213)
  Transferred from owner-
    occupied properties                       -              -               -           -           26               -              -           -               -             26
  Transfers into Level 3                    78               -              6            -            -               -              -           -               -             84
  Other                                    (55)             79            (15)           2            -               -              3           -               -             14
Balance, end of year                       191          6,350          9,819           10         8,493              (4)       (4,128)           -          209         20,940
1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
  the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.



                                                                  Shares and investments
                                                     Mortgage         in jointly controlled
                                                                                                                            Limited-life
                                                     and other           corporations and
                                                                                                                                   and      Assets         Other
                                         Bonds           loans                   associates
                                                                                              Investment    Derivatives,   redeemable      held for        assets
December 31, 2024                          FVPL            FVPL        FVPL ²      FVOCI       properties            net     fund units       sale    (liabilities)           Total

Balance, beginning of year                 252          4,248          5,797             -       7,870               8         (1,815)       907             (64)       17,203
  Total gains (losses)
     Net earnings                             7           196            799             -         (154)           (12)          (143)           -            86              779
     Other comprehensive
       income ¹                               -           169            218             -         270                -          (119)           -            9            547
  Business acquisition                        -             -              -             -           -                -          (177)           -            -           (177)
  Purchases                                  29           327          1,969             -         707              (2)              -           -          130          3,160
  Sale of discontinued
    operations                                 -             -              -            -             -             -               -      (907)                -        (907)
  Issues                                       -          481               -            -             -             -           (771)          -                -        (290)
  Sales                                     (27)          (41)          (563)            -         (334)             -               -          -                -        (965)
  Settlements                                  -         (227)              -            -             -             3            118           -                -        (106)
  Transferred to owner-
    occupied properties                        -              -              -           -            (9)             -              -           -               -              (9)
  Transfers into Level 3                       -              -             1            -              -             -              -           -               -               1
  Transfers out of Level 3                  (83)              -              -           -              -             -              -           -               -            (83)
  Other                                        -           (11)           (56)           -              -             -              1           -             (6)            (72)
Balance, end of year                       178          5,142          8,165             -       8,350              (3)        (2,906)           -          155         19,081
1 Amount of other comprehensive income for FVPL investments, investment properties, limited-life and redeemable fund units and other assets and liabilities represents
  the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2 Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.


Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of
redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to
increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market prices with multiple
pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.




                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                      A  215
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 29 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       Significant unobservable inputs used at year-end in measuring assets categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are
                                       presented below.
                                                                                                                                                                      Interrelationship between key
                                                                                                     Significant                                                      unobservable inputs and fair value
                                       Type of asset             Valuation approach                  unobservable input          Input value                          measurement

                                       Investment properties     Investment property valuations      Discount rate               Range of 4.5% – 13.1%                A decrease in the discount
                                                                 are generally determined using                                                                       rate would result in an
                                                                 property valuation models                                                                            increase in fair value.
                                                                 based on expected
                                                                 capitalization rates and models                                                                      An increase in the discount
                                                                 that discount expected future                                                                        rate would result in a
                                                                 net cash flows. The                                                                                  decrease in fair value.
                                                                 determination of the fair value
                                                                 of investment property requires     Reversionary rate           Range of 4.3% – 8.0%                 A decrease in the
                                                                 the use of estimates                                                                                 reversionary rate would
                                                                 such as future cash flows (such                                                                      result in an increase in fair
                                                                 as future leasing assumptions,                                                                       value.
                                                                 rental rates, capital and                                                                            An increase in the
                                                                 operating expenditures) and                                                                          reversionary rate would
                                                                 discount, reversionary and                                                                           result in a decrease in fair
                                                                 overall capitalization rates                                                                         value.
                                                                 applicable to the asset based
                                                                 on current market rates.            Vacancy rate                Weighted average                     A decrease in the expected
                                                                                                                                 of 8.5%                              vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                      generally result in an
                                                                                                                                                                      increase in fair value.
                                                                                                                                                                      An increase in the expected
                                                                                                                                                                      vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                      generally result in
                                                                                                                                                                      a decrease in fair value.

                                       Mortgage and              The valuation approach for          Discount rate               Range of 4.7% – 6.4%                 A decrease in the discount
                                       other loans –             equity-release mortgages is to                                                                       rate would result in an
                                       Equity-release            use an internal valuation model                                                                      increase in fair value.
                                       mortgages                 to determine the projected asset
                                       (FVPL)                    cash flows, including the cost of                                                                    An increase in the discount
                                                                 the no-negative-equity                                                                               rate would result in a
                                                                 guarantee for each individual                                                                        decrease in fair value.
                                                                 loan, to aggregate these across
                                                                 all loans and to discount those
                                                                 cash flows back to the valuation
                                                                 date. The projection is done
                                                                 monthly until expected
                                                                 redemption of the loan either
                                                                 voluntarily or on the
                                                                 death/entering into long-term
                                                                 care of the loanholders.

                                       Shares and                The determination of the fair       Discount rate and           Various                              A decrease in the discount
                                       investments in jointly    value of shares requires the use    earnings multiples                                               rate would result in an
                                       controlled corporations   of estimates such as future cash                                                                     increase in fair value.
                                       and associates (FVPL)     flows, discount rates, projected
                                                                 earnings multiples, or recent                                                                        An increase in the discount
                                                                 transactions.                                                                                        rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                                                      decrease in fair value.

                                       Limited-life and          The determination of the fair       Discount rate and           Various                              A decrease in the discount
                                       redeemable fund units     value of the limited-life and       earnings multiples                                               rate would result in an
                                                                 redeemable fund units is based                                                                       increase in fair value.
                                                                 on the fair value of the
                                                                 underlying fund’s investments.                                                                       An increase in the discount
                                                                                                                                                                      rate would result in a
                                                                                                                                                                      decrease in fair value.




                                            A  216                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 30 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




                                                                                                                                                                                PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                                                            Items that may be reclassified                Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                             subsequently to net earnings                                    to net earnings
                                                                                                                               Actuarial
                                                                                                                           gains (losses)
                                                                                            Share of jointly                 on defined Share of jointly
                                                                                 Foreign        controlled                       benefit    controlled
Year ended                                   Investment       Cash flow         currency      corporations     Investment pension plans   corporations
December 31, 2025                            revaluation        hedges        translation   and associates     revaluation    and other and associates               Total

Balance, beginning of year                        (174)              32          1,778                  18         (285)                8              626          2,003
  Other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                    82              86           (344)               229           113               62              (255)              (27)
  Realized gains on
    FVOCI equity instruments
    transferred to
    retained earnings                                   -            -               -                   -              -              -               (29)           (29)
  Other                                               (1)            -              15                (51)            (3)              -                17            (23)
Balance, end of year                                (93)           118           1,449                196          (175)              70               359          1,924



                                                                            Items that may be reclassified                Items that will not be reclassified
                                                                             subsequently to net earnings                                    to net earnings
                                                                                                                               Actuarial
                                                                                                                           gains (losses)
                                                                                            Share of jointly                 on defined Share of jointly
                                                                                 Foreign        controlled                       benefit    controlled
Year ended                                   Investment       Cash flow         currency      corporations     Investment pension plans   corporations
December 31, 2024                            revaluation        hedges        translation   and associates     revaluation    and other and associates               Total

Balance, beginning of year                        (206)              25          1,115               (276)           (36)           (150)            1,024          1,496
  Other comprehensive
    income (loss)                                    32               7            663                341          (290)             158              (149)          762
  Realized (gains) losses on
    FVOCI equity instruments
    transferred to retained
    earnings                                          -               -              -                    -          41                 -             (279)          (238)
  Other                                               -               -              -                 (47)            -                -               30            (17)
Balance, end of year                              (174)              32          1,778                  18         (285)                8              626          2,003




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                       A  217
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 31 EARNINGS PER SHARE




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The following is a reconciliation of the numerators and the denominators used in the computations of earnings per share:

                                                                                                                                                                                              Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                                                                                                             2025                  2024

                                       Earnings
                                       Net earnings attributable to shareholders                                                                                                            2,627                2,795
                                       Dividends on non-participating shares                                                                                                                  (55)                 (52)
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders                                                                                              2,572                2,743
                                       Net loss attributable to participating shareholders from discontinued operations                                                                         -                   79
                                       Net gain attributable to participating shareholders from disposal of discontinued operations                                                             -                  (30)
                                       Net earnings attributable to participating shareholders from continuing operations                                                                   2,572                2,792
                                       Dilutive effect of subsidiaries’ outstanding stock options                                                                                             (16)                 (10)
                                       Effect of equity-settled method for TSARs and PRSUs 1                                                                                                  (10)                   (1)
                                       Net earnings adjusted for dilutive effect from continuing operations                                                                                 2,546                2,781

                                       Number of participating shares [millions]
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Basic                                                                                  640.9                648.1
                                         Effect of potential exercise of outstanding stock options and PRSUs                                                                                  5.5                  3.9
                                       Weighted average number of participating shares outstanding – Diluted                                                                                646.4                652.0


                                       Net earnings per participating share from continuing operations
                                       Basic                                                                                                                                                 4.01                 4.31
                                       Diluted                                                                                                                                               3.94                 4.27
                                       Net earnings per participating share
                                       Basic                                                                                                                                                 4.01                 4.23
                                       Diluted                                                                                                                                               3.94                 4.19
                                       1 Options with TSARs and PRSUs are accounted for as cash-settled share-based payments. As these options or units can be exercised in exchange for subordinate voting
                                         shares or for cash, they are considered potentially dilutive and are included in the calculation of the diluted net earnings per share if they have a dilutive impact in the year,
                                         and the net earnings used in the diluted calculation is adjusted to reflect the expense had these options been classified as equity-settled.


                                       For 2025, no stock options were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as there were no options that
                                       were anti-dilutive (0.1 million were excluded from the calculations in 2024 as they were anti-dilutive).




                                             A  218                                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 32        RELATED PARTIES




                                                                                                                                    PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
In the normal course of business, Power Corporation and its subsidiaries enter into various transactions: subsidiaries provide
insurance benefits, sub-advisory services, property management services, management of debt instruments, distribution of
insurance products and/or other administrative services to other subsidiaries of the group and to the Corporation; employee
ownership participations; loans to employees; as well as capital commitments to investment funds, including commitments
from management, performance fees and base management fees paid to alternative asset managers of the group. In all cases,
these transactions are in the normal course of operations and have been recorded at fair value. Balances and transactions
between the Corporation and its subsidiaries have been eliminated on consolidation and are not disclosed in this note. Details
of other transactions between the Corporation and related parties are disclosed below.
On March 31, 2025, GBL acquired a 5% fully diluted interest in SHMI for a consideration of US$33 million. This transaction
was at market terms and conditions and was reviewed and approved by a committee of independent directors appointed by
GBL’s board of directors.
In the second quarter of 2025, wind projects which had been developed by Potentia were sold to Power Sustainable Energy
Infrastructure in exchange for consideration in cash. This transaction did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s
financial statements.
Effective on September 3, 2025, the TSX approved an amendment that permitted Lifeco to purchase its shares from Power
Financial and certain of Power Financial’s wholly owned subsidiaries in connection with its NCIB, in order for Power Financial
to maintain its approximate proportionate percentage ownership in Lifeco. At December 31, 2025, Lifeco had repurchased
and cancelled 12,801,349 shares from Power Financial. This transaction did not have a material impact on the Corporation’s
financial statements.
Lifeco provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating to
pension and other post-employment benefits for employees of Power Corporation, Power Financial, and Lifeco and
its subsidiaries.

KEY MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION
Key management personnel are those persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the
activities of the Corporation, directly or indirectly. The persons included in the key management personnel are the members
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, as well as certain management executives of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.
The following table details all compensation paid to, awarded to, or earned by each of the key management personnel for
services rendered in all capacities to the Corporation and its subsidiaries:

                                                                                                         Years ended December 31,
                                                                                                        2025                2024

Compensation and employee benefits                                                                       34                   33
Post-employment benefits                                                                                  2                    2
Share-based payments                                                                                     19                   22
                                                                                                         55                   57




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                            A  219
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 33        CONTINGENT LIABILITIES




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation and its subsidiaries are from time to time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and
                                       regulatory matters. Provisions are established if, in management of the Corporation and of its subsidiaries’ judgment, it is
                                       probable a payment will be required and the amount can be reliably estimated. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome
                                       of any of these proceedings with certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect
                                       on the consolidated financial position of the Corporation. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected
                                       that any of the existing legal actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the
                                       consolidated financial position of the Corporation. Actual results could differ from the best estimates of the Corporation’s and
                                       its subsidiaries’ management.

                                       LIFECO
                                       Subsidiaries of Lifeco in the United States are defendants in a class action relating to the costs and features of their retirement
                                       and fund products and the conduct of their businesses. Management of Lifeco believes the claim is without merit and will be
                                       vigorously defending these actions. Based on the information presently known, these actions will not have a material adverse
                                       effect on the financial position of the Corporation.
                                       A proposed class action was filed against a subsidiary of Lifeco in Canada and other third-party defendants relating to the
                                       defendants' alleged use of a software application for setting rents in multi-family residential complexes. The plaintiff has
                                       agreed to discontinue the proposed class action on consent. The discontinuance is subject to Court approval.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL
                                       In late March 2023, IGM was notified by one of its third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that it was compromised due to a
                                       cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. IGM has notified impacted clients and
                                       offered credit monitoring at no cost for all clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed against Mackenzie concerning
                                       this incident, one of which was certified during 2025. Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions,
                                       based on current knowledge, it is not expected that the outcome of these matters will have a material adverse effect on the
                                       financial position of the Corporation.




                                           A  220                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 34        COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
GUARANTEES
In the normal course of operations, the Corporation and its subsidiaries execute agreements that provide for indemnifications
to third parties in transactions such as business dispositions, business acquisitions, loans and securitization transactions and
performance contract obligations. The Corporation and its subsidiaries have also agreed to indemnify their directors and
certain of their officers. The nature of these agreements precludes the possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the
maximum potential amount the Corporation and its subsidiaries could be required to pay third parties as the agreements
often do not specify a maximum amount and the amounts are dependent on the outcome of future contingent events, the
nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined. Historically, the Corporation has not made any payments under such
indemnification agreements. No provisions have been recognized related to these agreements.

LETTERS OF CREDIT
Letters of credit are written commitments provided by a bank. The total amount of letter of credit facilities at Lifeco is
US$1,723 million, of which US$889 million were issued as of December 31, 2025.
The Capital and Risk Solutions activities also periodically use letters of credit as collateral under certain reinsurance contracts
for on-balance-sheet policy liabilities.
Potentia and Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure have issued letters of credit totalling $297 million with one-year terms
to support required lender reserves, performance guarantees for operating solar and wind assets, as well as commitments
for projects under construction.

INVESTMENT COMMITMENTS
With respect to Lifeco, commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations in accordance with
policies and guidelines and that are to be disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions were $6,794 million as at
December 31, 2025, with $6,469 million maturing within one year, $194 million maturing within two years, $46 million
maturing within three years, $28 million maturing within four years and $57 million maturing within over five years.
The Corporation and other subsidiaries have outstanding commitments of $613 million representing future capital
contributions to investment funds and other investments.

PLEDGING OF ASSETS FOR REINSURANCE AGREEMENTS
In addition to the assets pledged by Lifeco disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements:
(i)   The amount of assets included in the Corporation’s balance sheets which have a security interest by way of pledging is
      $3,577 million ($3,710 million at December 31, 2024) in respect of reinsurance agreements.
      In addition, under certain reinsurance contracts, bonds presented in investments are held in trust and escrow accounts.
      Assets are placed in these accounts pursuant to the requirements of certain legal and contractual obligations to support
      contract liabilities assumed.
(ii) Lifeco has pledged, in the normal course of business, $68 million ($74 million at December 31, 2024) of its assets for the
     purpose of providing collateral for the counterparty.

ENERGY SALES CONTRACTS
Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure and Potentia have entered into various power purchase agreements (PPA) to sell
substantially all electricity produced from its solar and wind projects to credit-rated counterparties. The contract rates are
fixed for a period of 5 to 25 years.
Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure has entered into purchase contracts related to projects under construction of
$1,140 million.
Power Sustainable Energy Infrastructure has issued certain indemnifications and guarantees in relation to projects in
operation and under construction. These guarantees are non-recourse to the Corporation.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                              A  221
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 35 SEGMENTED INFORMATION




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       The Corporation is an international management and holding company. Its core holdings are leading insurance, retirement,
                                       wealth management and investment businesses, including a portfolio of alternative asset investment platforms.
                                       As a holding company, the Corporation evaluates the performance of each operating segment based on its contribution to
                                       the earnings attributable to participating shareholders. The contribution to the earnings attributable to participating
                                       shareholders from Lifeco, IGM Financial, GBL, Sagard, Power Sustainable and other, represents the Corporation’s share of
                                       their net earnings.
                                       The Corporation’s reportable segments include Lifeco and IGM Financial due to their quantitative contribution, and the
                                       Corporation also considers GBL as a reportable segment. Together, they represent the Corporation’s investments in publicly
                                       traded operating companies. As well, the Corporation considers the Holding company to be a reportable segment.
                                         Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in life insurance, health insurance, retirement and investment
                                           services, asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the U.S. and Europe.
                                         IGM Financial is a leading wealth and asset management company supporting advisors and the clients they serve in
                                           Canada, and institutional investors globally.
                                         GBL is indirectly held through Parjointco. GBL is a Belgian investment holding company and leading investor in Europe.
                                           Its portfolio is comprised of a portfolio of listed, direct private and indirect private investments composed of global
                                           companies, which are leaders in their sectors.
                                         Holding company comprises the corporate activities of the Corporation and Power Financial, on a combined basis, and
                                           presents the investment activities of the Corporation including its investments in consolidated entities. The Holding
                                           company activities present the Holding company’s assets and liabilities, including cash, investments, debentures and
                                           non-participating shares. The Holding company cash flows are primarily comprised of dividends received, income from
                                           investments and income (loss) from cash and cash equivalents, less operating expenses, financing charges, income taxes
                                           and non-participating and participating share dividends.
                                       The Corporation’s asset management activities through the investment platforms, Sagard and Power Sustainable, together
                                       with their investing activities, are presented on a combined basis in another category, Alternative asset investment platforms
                                       and other, as they do not qualify as reportable segments.
                                       Alternative asset investment platforms and other are comprised of the results of:
                                            Alternative asset management businesses, Sagard and Power Sustainable;
                                            Investments managed by Sagard and Power Sustainable on behalf of the Corporation;
                                            Entities held through the alternative asset managers which are consolidated; and
                                            Standalone businesses.
                                       Effect of consolidation represents the reconciliation between the measurement basis used for the presentation of the Holding
                                       company with the consolidated financial statements, as well as the intersegment elimination for investments under common
                                       control and other consolidation entries.
                                       The segmented assets present the activities of the holding company, including its investments in consolidated entities, Lifeco
                                       and IGM, as well as other controlled entities, using the equity method of accounting as a measurement basis. These entities
                                       are consolidated in the Corporation’s consolidated balance sheets. Common equity interests in Lifeco, IGM, and alternative
                                       asset investment platforms and other (intersegment investments) are included in their respective segment’s assets.
                                       Revenues and assets are attributed to geographic areas based on the point of origin of revenues and the location of assets.




                                           A  222                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 35 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                               PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                           Alternative
                                                                                                                                 asset
                                                                                                                           investment
For the year ended                                                                                              Holding platforms and             Effect of
December 31, 2025                                                            Lifeco     IGM          GBL       company           other       consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue 1                                                       22,321          -            -              -              -                 -         22,321
Net investment income 2                                                    9,798         49            -             25            691                45         10,608
Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                             3,907         (7)           -               9           469              (137)         4,241
Fee income 3 4                                                             7,895      3,779            -              -            856              (232)        12,298
Other 3                                                                        -          -            -              -            998                 -            998
Total segment revenue                                                     43,921      3,821            -             34          3,014              (324)        50,466

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses 1                                             (17,239)         -            -              -               -                 -       (17,239)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                   (1,703)        -            -              -               -                 -        (1,703)
Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                      (11,683)         -            -              -               -                 -       (11,683)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                     -          -            -              -               -                 -             -
Total other insurance and investment results                             (30,625)         -            -              -               -                 -       (30,625)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses 4                                     8,277     2,560            -            216          3,372              (247)        14,178
Financing charges                                                             379       129            -             54            281                 6            849
Total other expenses                                                        8,656     2,689            -            270          3,653              (241)        15,027
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                             4,640     1,132            -           (236)           (639)              (83)        4,814
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                       55       309         (263)             -             482             (121)           462
Earnings before income taxes                                                4,695     1,441         (263)          (236)           (157)            (204)         5,276
Income taxes                                                                  534       334            -               1              8                1            878
Net earnings                                                                4,161     1,107         (263)          (237)           (165)            (205)         4,398

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                1,540       449            -            139            (152)            (205)         1,771
   Non-participating shareholders                                               -         -            -             55               -                -             55
   Participating shareholders 6 7                                           2,621       658         (263)          (431)            (13)               -          2,572
                                                                            4,161     1,107         (263)          (237)           (165)            (205)         4,398
1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
  includes the effect of consolidation.
7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common ownership based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              A  223
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 35 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                                    Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                          asset
                                                                                                                                                                    investment
                                                                                                                                                         Holding platforms and              Effect of
                                       December 31, 2025                                                     Lifeco             IGM            GBL      company           other        consolidation        Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                           8,902            1,274               -         2,232             2,518              (560)     14,366
                                       Investments                                                       239,080            5,387               -           176             4,552               554     249,749
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                     1,499           3,067               -        23,183                  -          (27,749)          -
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                       570           3,084         3,291                -            1,734              (544)      8,135
                                       Other assets                                                        45,413           5,662             -              626           29,100              (177)     80,624
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                      16,359           3,947             -                 1           1,385                 -      21,692
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                   551,169                -             -               -                 -                 -     551,169
                                       Total assets 1                                                    862,992           22,421         3,291          26,218            39,289           (28,476)    925,735

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                     250,686                -               -               -                -                 -    250,686
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                  -            4,815               -               -                -                 -      4,815
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                  -               -              -            647                 -                 -        647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments of:
                                          Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                   8,792           2,400               -           250                 -               (88)     11,354
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other                               -               -               -             -             4,146                 -       4,146
                                       Other liabilities                                                   19,178           6,149               -         1,350            32,327            (1,134)     57,870
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                551,169                -               -             -                 -                 -     551,169
                                       Total liabilities                                                 829,825           13,364               -         2,247            36,473            (1,222)    880,687
                                       1 Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND TOTAL REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION
                                                                                                                                                                                         Europe
                                       December 31, 2025                                                                                United States                Canada            and other           Total

                                       Investments and cash and cash equivalents                                                               96,218               113,679             54,218          264,115
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                            1,369                 1,213              5,553            8,135
                                       Other assets                                                                                            31,735                39,815              9,074           80,624
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                           7,056                11,127              3,509           21,692
                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                234,212               125,176            191,781          551,169
                                       Total assets                                                                                           370,590               291,010            264,135          925,735

                                       Total revenues                                                                                          13,303                23,136             14,027           50,466


                                       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                                       Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                             asset
                                                                                                                                                                       investment
                                                                                                                                                      Holding       platforms and           Effect of
                                       December 31, 2025                                                               Lifeco          IGM           company                 other     consolidation        Total

                                       Operating activities                                                            2,708          1,035            1,791                961             (1,715)       4,780
                                       Financing activities                                                           (4,322)          (972)          (1,958)             1,307              2,274       (3,671)
                                       Investing activities                                                              (56)           301              793               (606)              (780)        (348)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                                     (137)              -                 -                (2)                 -         (139)
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                              (1,807)            364               626             1,660               (221)         622
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                  10,709             910             1,606               858               (339)      13,744
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                         8,902           1,274             2,232             2,518               (560)      14,366




                                            A  224                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




NOTE 35 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                              PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
CONSOLIDATED NET EARNINGS
                                                                                                                             Alternative
                                                                                                                                   asset
                                                                                                                             investment
For the year ended                                                                                              Holding   platforms and          Effect of
December 31, 2024                                                             Lifeco     IGM         GBL       company             other    consolidation             Total

Segment revenue
Insurance revenue 1                                                        21,214          -           -              -              -                 -         21,214
Net investment income 2                                                     9,616         47           -             73            572                52         10,360
Changes in fair value through profit or loss 2                              1,676           6          -             14            245               (64)         1,877
Fee income 3 4                                                              7,224      3,438           -              -            607              (212)        11,057
Other 3                                                                         -          -           -              -            747                 -            747
Total segment revenue                                                      39,730      3,491           -             87          2,171              (224)        45,255

Other insurance and investment results
Insurance service expenses 1                                              (16,368)         -           -              -               -                -        (16,368)
Net expense from reinsurance contracts 1                                    (1,599)        -           -              -               -                -         (1,599)
Net investment result from insurance activities 2 5                         (8,860)        -           -              -               -                -         (8,860)
Net investment result from insurance contracts on
  account of segregated fund policyholders                                      -          -           -              -               -                -              -
Total other insurance and investment results                              (26,827)         -           -              -               -                -        (26,827)

Other expenses
Operating and administrative expenses 4                                      7,587     2,366           -           188           2,507              (186)        12,462
Financing charges                                                              402       129           -            54             215                12            812
Total other expenses                                                         7,989     2,495           -           242           2,722              (174)        13,274
Earnings before investments in jointly controlled
  corporations and associates, and income taxes                              4,914       996           -          (155)           (551)               (50)        5,154
Share of earnings (losses) of investments in jointly
  controlled corporations and associates                                        67       213          31             -             211              (146)           376
Earnings before income taxes                                                 4,981     1,209          31          (155)           (340)             (196)         5,530
Income taxes                                                                   737       272           -              1            (77)                (4)          929
Net earnings from continuing operations                                      4,244       937          31          (156)           (263)             (192)         4,601
Net loss from discontinued operations                                         (115)        -           -             -               -                 -           (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                               44         -           -             -               -                 -             44
Net earnings                                                                 4,173       937          31          (156)           (263)             (192)         4,530

Attributable to
   Non-controlling interests                                                 1,560       355           -           140            (128)             (192)         1,735
   Non-participating shareholders                                                -         -           -            52               -                 -             52
   Participating shareholders 6 7                                            2,613       582          31          (348)           (135)                -          2,743
                                                                             4,173       937          31          (156)           (263)             (192)         4,530
1 Included within insurance service result in the statements of earnings.
2 Included within net investment result in the statements of earnings.
3 Included within fee income and other revenues in the statements of earnings.
4 Dealer compensation expenses at IGM are included in operating and administrative expenses.
5 Includes net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts, net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts and changes in investment contract liabilities.
6 The contribution from Lifeco, IGM, GBL and alternative asset investment platforms and other to net earnings attributable to participating shareholders of the Corporation
  includes the effect of consolidation.
7 The contribution from Lifeco and IGM includes an allocation for the results of investments under common ownership based on their respective interests.




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             A  225
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       NOTE 35 SEGMENTED INFORMATION (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                                                                     Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                           asset
                                                                                                                                                                     investment
                                                                                                                                                          Holding platforms and              Effect of
                                       December 31, 2024                                                      Lifeco             IGM            GBL      company           other        consolidation        Total

                                       Cash and cash equivalents                                          10,709               910               -         1,606               858              (339)     13,744
                                       Investments                                                       231,478             5,600               -           101             2,497               311     239,987
                                       Investments in Lifeco, IGM and alternative asset
                                         investment platforms and other                                     1,112            1,965               -        22,940                  -          (26,017)          -
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations
                                         and associates                                                       486            3,346         3,683                -            1,780              (494)      8,801
                                       Other assets                                                        45,606            4,948             -              349           20,047              (160)     70,790
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                      16,550            3,930             -                 1           1,170                 -      21,651
                                       Investments on account of
                                         segregated fund policyholders                                   496,386                 -             -               -                 -                 -     496,386
                                       Total assets 1                                                    802,327            20,699         3,683          24,997            26,352           (26,699)    851,359

                                       Insurance and investment contract liabilities                     245,840                 -               -               -                -                 -    245,840
                                       Obligations to securitization entities                                  -             5,025               -               -                -                 -      5,025
                                       Power Corporation’s debentures and
                                         other debt instruments                                                  -                -              -            647                 -                 -        647
                                       Non-recourse debentures and
                                         other debt instruments of:
                                          Power Financial, Lifeco and IGM                                   9,469            2,400               -           250                 -               (88)     12,031
                                          Consolidated investment funds and Other                               -                -               -             -             3,878                 -       3,878
                                       Other liabilities                                                   17,814            5,387               -         1,073            20,050              (758)     43,566
                                       Insurance and investment contracts on account
                                         of segregated fund policyholders                                496,386                 -               -             -                 -                 -     496,386
                                       Total liabilities                                                 769,509            12,812               -         1,970            23,928              (846)    807,373
                                       1 Total assets of the Lifeco and IGM operating segments include the allocation of goodwill and certain consolidation adjustments.


                                       TOTAL ASSETS AND TOTAL REVENUES BY GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION
                                                                                                                                                                                          Europe
                                       December 31, 2024                                                                                 United States                Canada            and other           Total

                                       Investments and cash and cash equivalents                                                               95,513                106,407             51,811          253,731
                                       Investments in jointly controlled corporations and associates                                            2,027                  1,010              5,764            8,801
                                       Other assets                                                                                            32,964                 29,586              8,240           70,790
                                       Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                           7,088                 11,403              3,160           21,651
                                       Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                215,986                114,547            165,853          496,386
                                       Total assets                                                                                           353,578                262,953            234,828          851,359

                                       Total revenues                                                                                           10,971                22,797             11,487           45,255


                                       CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                                                                                        Alternative
                                                                                                                                                                              asset
                                                                                                                                                                        investment
                                                                                                                                                       Holding       platforms and           Effect of
                                       December 31, 2024                                                                Lifeco          IGM           company                 other     consolidation        Total

                                       Operating activities                                                             4,751          1,092            1,688                (37)            (1,603)       5,891
                                       Financing activities                                                            (2,285)          (253)          (1,958)             1,090              2,146       (1,260)
                                       Investing activities                                                              (408)          (474)             658               (861)              (675)      (1,760)
                                       Effect of changes in exchange rates on
                                         cash and cash equivalents                                                      534               -                  -                  27                -          561
                                       Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                               2,592             365                388                 219             (132)       3,432
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                   8,117             545              1,218                 639             (207)      10,312
                                       Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                        10,709             910              1,606                 858             (339)      13,744




                                            A  226                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                                                                                                                                       PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
To the Shareholders of Power Corporation of Canada

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Power Corporation of Canada (the “Corporation”), which comprise
the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the consolidated statements of earnings,
comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including material accounting policy information (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Corporation as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years then ended in
accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian GAAS”). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial
Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Corporation in accordance with the ethical requirements that
are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.

Key Audit Matter
A key audit matter is a matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on this matter.

INSURANCE CONTRACT LIABILITIES – REFER TO NOTES 2 AND 10 TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Key Audit Matter Description
Great-West Lifeco Inc., a publicly traded operating subsidiary of the Corporation (thereafter, “Lifeco”), has insurance contract
liabilities representing a significant portion of the Corporation’s total liabilities. Insurance contract liabilities are determined
in accordance with IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (“IFRS 17”). This requires the use of complex valuation models and
assumptions to measure groups of contracts as the total of estimates of future cash flows, plus a risk adjustment for non-
financial risk and a contractual service margin (“CSM”). The CSM component is only relevant for groups of insurance contracts
measured using the general measurement model and the variable fee approach.
While there is considerable judgment applied by management of Lifeco and inherent uncertainty in selecting assumptions,
the assumptions with the greatest estimation uncertainty are related to mortality, policyholder behaviour and discount rates.
These assumptions required significant auditor attention in specific circumstances where (i) there is limited Lifeco and industry
experience data, (ii) the historical experience may not be a good indicator of the future and (iii) the determination of discount
rates requires complex calculation and measurement of unobservable market inputs. Auditing certain valuation models and
significant assumptions (mortality, policyholder behaviour and discount rates) required a high degree of auditor judgment
and an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve actuarial and fair value specialists.
How the Key Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to certain valuation models and significant assumptions included the following, among others:
  With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the appropriateness of certain valuation models used in the valuation
    process by:
     Calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance policies and
      comparing the results to Lifeco’s estimate;
     Testing the accuracy of certain valuation models for changes in key assumptions.




                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                               A  227
                                       P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)




PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
                                         With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the reasonableness of mortality and policyholder behaviour
                                           assumptions by:
                                            Evaluating whether management of Lifeco’s assumptions were determined in accordance with the requirements of
                                             IFRS 17;
                                            Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the assumptions;
                                            Analyzing management of Lifeco’s interpretation and judgment of its experience study results and emerging claims
                                             experience, evaluating new and revised key assumptions, assessing reasonable possible alternative assumptions, and
                                             considering industry and other external sources of benchmarking, where applicable.
                                         With the assistance of actuarial and fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rates used by:
                                            Evaluating whether management of Lifeco’s assumptions and methodologies were determined in accordance with the
                                             requirements of IFRS 17;
                                            Testing the inputs and source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and for a sample of
                                             curves, calculated the discount rates and compared against discount rates derived by management of Lifeco.

                                       Other Information
                                       Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
                                         Management’s Discussion and Analysis, and
                                         The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the Annual Report.
                                       Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of
                                       assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
                                       information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
                                       financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                                       We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we have
                                       performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
                                       required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                                       The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on the work we will
                                       perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
                                       to report that fact to those charged with governance.

                                       Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements
                                       Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with IFRS
                                       Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable
                                       the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
                                       In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Corporation’s ability to continue as a going
                                       concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
                                       management either intends to liquidate the Corporation or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
                                       Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Corporation’s financial reporting process.

                                       Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
                                       Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material
                                       misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance
                                       is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian GAAS will always
                                       detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
                                       individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
                                       the basis of these financial statements.




                                           A  228                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
P OWER C OR P OR A T I ON OF C ANA D A




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT (continued)




                                                                                                                                      PART A / POWER CORPORATION OF CANADA
As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design
        and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to
        provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
        one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the
        override of internal control.
     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
        in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal
        control.
     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
        disclosures made by management.
     Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
        evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
        on the Corporation’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
        required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such
        disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
        date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Corporation to cease to continue as a
        going concern.
     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and
        whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
        presentation.
     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
        the entities or business units within the Corporation as a basis for forming an opinion on the financial statements. We are
        responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
        remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the
adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.
The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Matthew J. Welchinski.



/s/ Deloitte LLP1
__________________________

1
    CPA auditor, public accountancy permit No. TA149936



March 18, 2026
Montréal, Quebec




                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                        A  229
Page intentionally left blank.




     A  230                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
                      Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                PART B




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE B 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE B 101




                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Please note that the bottom of each page in Part B contains two different page
numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “B” refers to the number of such page
in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to the number
of such page in the original document issued by Great-West Lifeco Inc.



The attached documents concerning Great-West Lifeco Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s profile on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-
looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the current
expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking statements
are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding the
subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at and
for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about the
subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate
for other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-looking
statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied in making
the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for updating the
content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached documents,
including the section entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Information. The reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions
carefully and not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         B  1
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis

                                  This Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the financial condition, financial
                                  performance and cash flows of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) for the three and twelve months ended
                                  December 31, 2025 and includes a comparison to the corresponding periods in 2024 and to the Company’s financial condition
                                  as at December 31, 2024. This MD&A provides an overall discussion, followed by analysis of the performance of Lifeco's
                                  reportable segments.
                                  The annual consolidated financial statements of Lifeco, which are the basis for data presented in this report, have been
                                  prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Accounting Standards as issued by the
                                  International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) unless otherwise noted and are presented in millions of Canadian dollars
                                  unless otherwise indicated. This MD&A should be read in conjunction with the Company's annual consolidated financial
                                  statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 which can be found under the Company's profile on the System for
                                  Electronic Data Analysis and Retrieval+ (SEDAR+) (www.sedarplus.com).

                                  Summary of Key Changes to Lifeco's Disclosures for 2025
                                  In early 2025, the Company updated its disclosures for 2025 to provide enhanced information to analysts, investors and other
                                  stakeholders. Accordingly, the Company has restated results for 2024 to conform with the updated segment and line of
                                  business classifications as noted below. There is no change to total Lifeco base or net earnings on a consolidated basis as a
                                  result of these reclassifications. See the "Summary of Earnings Reclassifications" section of this document for additional detail.
                                  •   Separating Workplace Solutions - Separated the Workplace Solutions line of business results into Retirement and Group
                                      Benefits to provide greater clarity on the distinct drivers of earnings growth for each business. Within the Group Benefits
                                      line of business, key metrics are presented separately for group insurance and administrative services only (ASO) products.
                                  •   Reclassifying certain expenses, financing charges and related taxes - Reclassified certain expenses, financing charges,
                                      and related taxes and other items that are not directly associated with the Company's operating segments to the Corporate
                                      segment. This change better reflects the performance of each operating segment on a standalone basis.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •   Reclassification of certain businesses or results previously attributed to the United States segment - Reclassified
                                      results of PanAgora Asset Management (PanAgora), Franklin Templeton shareholdings, legacy insurance portfolios and
                                      guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit (GLWB) product previously attributed to the United States segment to the
                                      Corporate segment. As a result of this change, Empower's results reflect the activities of its core businesses.
                                  •   More granular assets under administration (AUA) disclosures - Enhanced disclosure of the components of total AUA
                                      including assets under management and advisement (AUMA) and assets under administration only (AUAO), the total of
                                      which is total client assets. Total client assets, when combined with other balance sheet assets, equals total AUA. This
                                      change provides greater visibility into the scale of wealth management and higher value-added solutions within the
                                      portfolio.
                                  •   Introduced efficiency ratio - This metric was introduced to provide greater transparency with respect to Lifeco's expense
                                      management discipline.
                                  •   Restated segment return on equity (ROE) - Adjusted previous segment returns on equity to reflect the changes in
                                      classification for segment base earnings allocations as well as an updated capital allocation methodology to track allocated
                                      capital required by each segment on a standalone basis.
                                  •   Lifeco's updated lines of business - Previously referred to as value drivers, are displayed by operating segment. See the
                                      'Lines of Business' section of this document for descriptions and key metrics.

                                  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information
                                  From time to time, Lifeco makes written and/or oral forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including in this
                                  MD&A. Forward-looking information includes statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or
                                  include words such as "achieve", "ambition", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "initiatives", "intend", "may", "objective",
                                  "opportunity", "plan", "potential", "project", "target", "will" and other similar expressions or negative versions of those words. Forward-looking
                                  information in this MD&A includes, without limitation, statements about the Company and its operations, business (including business mix),
                                  financial condition, expected financial performance (including revenues, earnings or growth rates, medium-term financial objectives and base
                                  earning objectives for the Empower business), strategies and prospects, expected costs and benefits of acquisitions and divestitures (including timing
                                  of integration activities and timing and extent of revenue and expense synergies), the timing and extent of expected transformation charges/impacts,
                                  expected expenditures or investments (including but not limited to investment in technology infrastructure and digital capabilities and solutions and
                                  investments in strategic partnerships), value creation and realization and growth opportunities, product and service innovation, expected dividend
                                  levels, expected cost reductions and savings, expected capital management activities and use of capital, the timing and extent of possible share
                                  repurchases, market position, estimates of risk sensitivities affecting capital adequacy ratios, estimates of financial risk sensitivities (including as a
                                  result of current market conditions), expected net plan inflows, expected credit experience, anticipated global economic conditions, potential
                                  impacts of catastrophe events, potential impacts of geopolitical events and conflicts and the impact of regulatory developments (including changes to
                                  laws and government policies) on the Company’s business strategy, growth objectives and capital.


                                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   15



                                      B  2                                                                             P OGreat-West
                                                                                                                          WER CORPO    R AT I O
                                                                                                                                     Lifeco     N O
                                                                                                                                              Inc.  F CManagement's
                                                                                                                                                   2025 A N A DA    Discussion and Analysis       1
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s


Lifeco's medium-term financial objectives are forward-looking non-GAAP financial measures. Lifeco's ability to achieve those objectives depends on
whether the Company is able to achieve segment earnings growth ambitions and other business growth objectives and on certain key assumptions,
including: (i) the performance of equity, interest rate and credit markets during the relevant period is consistent with management’s expectations,
which take into account current market information and assume no credit impairments; (ii) the achievement of the Company's segment base
earnings growth ambitions; (iii) the achievement of enterprise and segment efficiency ambitions; (iv) capital levels and available and attractive
options for capital deployment; (v) no significant changes in the level of the Company's regulatory capital requirements; (vi) no significant changes to
the Company's effective income tax rate; (vii) no significant changes to the Company's number of shares outstanding; (viii) no material assumption
changes and no material accounting standard changes. The Company's medium-term financial objectives do not reflect indirect effects of equity,
interest rate and credit market movements, including the potential impacts of those movements on goodwill or the current valuation allowance on
deferred tax assets as well as other items that may be non-operational in nature. Further, Lifeco's target base dividend payout ratio assumes that the
Company's financial results and market conditions will enable us to maintain its payout ratio in the target range. Dividends on outstanding common
shares of the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Company's board of directors. The decision to declare a dividend on the
common shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of capital and availability of cash
resources.
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, estimates, predictions, projections and conclusions about future events that were
current at the time of the statements and are inherently subject to, among other things, risks, uncertainties and assumptions about the Company,
economic factors and the financial services industry generally, including the insurance, wealth and retirement solutions industries. They are not
guarantees of future performance, and actual events and results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking
statements. Many of these assumptions are based on factors and events that are not within the control of the Company and there is no assurance that
they will prove to be correct. In particular, in setting its objective to achieve base earnings growth in the Empower business in 2026, management has
assumed that the performance of equity, interest rate and credit markets during the relevant period is consistent with management’s expectations,
which take into account current market information and assume no credit impairments, and further that actual sales, client retention and conversion
rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions, withdrawals and lapse rates), expense levels, and mix of business at Empower are
consistent with management’s estimates. With respect to possible share repurchases, the amount and timing of actual repurchases will depend on
the earnings, cash requirements and financial condition of the Company, market conditions, our ability to effect the repurchases on a prudent basis,
capital requirements, applicable law and regulations (including applicable securities laws), and other factors deemed relevant by the Company, and
may be subject to regulatory approval and/or conditions. In all cases, whether or not actual results differ from forward-looking information may
depend on numerous factors, developments and assumptions, including, without limitation, the ability to integrate and leverage acquisitions and
achieve anticipated benefits and synergies, the achievement of expense synergies and client retention targets from the acquisition of the Prudential




                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
retirement business, the Company’s ability to execute strategic plans and adapt or recalibrate these plans as needed, the Company’s reputation,
business competition, assumptions around sales, pricing, fee rates, customer behaviour (including contributions, redemptions, withdrawals and
lapse rates), mortality and morbidity experience, expense levels, reinsurance arrangements, global equity and capital markets (including continued
access to equity and debt markets and credit instruments on economically feasible terms), geopolitical tensions and related economic impacts,
interest and foreign exchange rates, inflation levels, liquidity requirements, investment values and asset breakdowns, hedging activities, financial
condition of industry sectors and individual issuers that comprise part of the Company’s investment portfolio, credit ratings, taxes, impairments of
goodwill and other intangible assets, technological changes, including the use of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI), in our
business, breaches or failure of information systems and security (including cyber-attacks), assumptions around third-party suppliers, changes in
local and international laws and regulations, changes in accounting policies and the effect of applying future accounting policy changes, changes in
actuarial standards, unexpected judicial or regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, continuity and availability of personnel and third-party
service providers, unplanned changes to the Company’s facilities, customer and employee relations, levels of administrative and operational
efficiencies, and other general economic, political and market factors in North America and internationally.
The above list is not exhaustive, and there may be other factors listed in other filings with securities regulators, including those set out in the "Risk
Management" and "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" sections of this MD&A and in the Company's annual information form dated
February 11, 2026 under "Risk Factors". These, along with other filings, are available for review at www.sedarplus.com. The reader is cautioned to
consider these and other factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information.
Other than as specifically required by applicable law, the Company does not intend to update any forward-looking information whether as a result of
new information, future events or otherwise.


Cautionary Note Regarding Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
This MD&A contains some non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) financial measures and non-GAAP ratios as defined in National
Instrument 52-112 “Non-GAAP and Other Financial Measures Disclosure”. Terms by which non-GAAP financial measures are identified include, but
are not limited to, "base earnings (loss)", "base earnings (loss) (US$)", "base earnings (loss) - pre-tax", "base earnings: insurance service result", "base
earnings: net investment result", "assets under management or advisement", "assets under administration", "client assets", "non-par base operating
and administration expenses", and "run-rate insurance results". Terms by which non-GAAP ratios are identified include, but are not limited to, “base
earnings per common share (EPS)”, “base return on equity (ROE)”, "base dividend payout ratio", "base capital generation", “cost of management
ratio”, "efficiency ratio", “effective income tax rate – base earnings – common shareholders”, “financial leverage ratio” and "pre-tax base operating
margin". Non-GAAP financial measures and ratios are used to provide management and investors with additional measures of performance to help
assess results where no comparable GAAP (IFRS) measure exists. However, non-GAAP financial measures and ratios do not have standard meanings
prescribed by GAAP (IFRS) and are not directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial
Measures and Ratios" section in this MD&A for the appropriate reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to measures prescribed by
GAAP as well as additional details on each measure and ratio.




16   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report


                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      2
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        B  3
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Overview
                                  Lifeco is a financial services holding company focused on building stronger, more inclusive and financially secure futures.
                                  Together the Company provides wealth, retirement, group benefits and insurance and risk solutions to over 40 million
                                  customer relationships. As of December 31, 2025, Lifeco’s total client assets1 exceeded $3.3 trillion.
                                  1   This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Businesses of Lifeco
                                  Lifeco has operations in the U.S., Canada, and Europe through Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America (Empower),
                                  The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life), and Irish Life Group Limited (Irish Life). On January 1, 2024, Lifeco
                                  completed the sale of Putnam Investments (Putnam) to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton". As a result
                                  of the transaction, Putnam is presented as discontinued operations in 2024 throughout this document.
                                  In the U.S., Empower is a leading provider of employer-sponsored retirement savings plans in the public/non-profit and
                                  corporate sectors. Empower consists of: Empower Workplace Solutions, which aligns with the Retirement line of business,
                                  offering saving, investment and advisory services through employer-sponsored plans; and Empower Personal Wealth, which
                                  aligns with the Wealth line of business, offering individual product solutions and providing retail wealth management products
                                  and services to individuals, including individual retirement accounts and after-tax investment accounts. Empower's products
                                  and services are marketed nationwide through its sales force, brokers, consultants, advisors, third-party administrators and
                                  financial institutions.
                                  In Canada, Canada Life offers a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for individuals, families, businesses and
                                  organizations through four primary lines of business: Retirement, Group Benefits, Wealth and Insurance & Annuities. Through
                                  Retirement, the Company provides retirement savings and income and annuity products and other specialty products to group
                                  clients in Canada. Through Group Benefits, the Company provides life, accidental death and dismemberment, critical illness,
                                  disability, health and dental protection, and creditor insurance to group clients in Canada. Retirement and Group Benefit




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  products are distributed through an extensive network of group sales offices located across the country through brokers,
                                  consultants and financial security advisors. Through Wealth, the Company provides wealth savings and income products and
                                  services to individual customers. Through Insurance & Annuities, the Company provides individual life, disability and critical
                                  illness insurance products and services, as well as individual life annuities to individual customers. These wealth and
                                  individual insurance and annuities products are distributed through multiple channels: advisors with a direct contract with
                                  Canada Life, managing general agencies (MGAs), national accounts, Investment Planning Counsel (IPC), and Value Partners
                                  Group (Value Partners).
                                  The Europe segment is comprised of four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance &
                                  Annuities, and serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland and Germany, offering individual and group protection
                                  and wealth management products, including payout annuity products, equity release mortgages, pensions and investments
                                  products. The Company operates under the Canada Life brand in the U.K. and Germany and under the Irish Life brand in
                                  Ireland along with other acquired brands within the broker market in Ireland. Products and services are distributed through a
                                  diverse array of distribution channels optimized for each country.
                                  The Capital and Risk Solutions (CRS) segment includes the Reinsurance business unit under the Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                  line of business, which operates primarily in the U.S., Barbados, Bermuda and Ireland. Reinsurance products are provided
                                  through Canada Life and its subsidiaries and include both reinsurance and retrocession business transacted directly with
                                  clients or through reinsurance brokers. As a retrocessionaire, the Company provides reinsurance to other reinsurers to enable
                                  those companies to manage their insurance risk.
                                  The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business units of
                                  the Company including: certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly
                                  associated with the operations of the major business units of the Company; the results of PanAgora; dividend income from
                                  shareholdings in Franklin Templeton; and the results of the U.S. insurance portfolio including a retained block of life
                                  insurance, predominately participating policies, which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life
                                  retrocession block and GLWB products.
                                  Lifeco currently has no other material holdings and carries on no business or activities unrelated to its holdings in Canada Life,
                                  Empower, Irish Life and their subsidiaries. However, Lifeco is not restricted to investing in those companies and may make
                                  other investments in the future.




                                                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   17

                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           4
                                        B  4                                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Execution Priorities
Lifeco is guided by four execution priorities in pursuit of its strategy and ambition. These priorities reinforce the Company’s
unwavering focus on its customers, the need to be constantly innovating by investing in new digital and AI-enabled solutions,
accelerating operational efficiency to constantly improve performance, and maintaining a culture that enables growth by
supporting its employees.




                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Lifeco successfully executed on its strategies in 2025:
Strengthened Wealth platform across markets
•    Empower Wealth surpassed US$100 billion of client assets
•    Canada acquires De Thomas Wealth and makes further progress on dealer integrations
•    Record retail flows in Europe
Continued expansion of Empower Workplace offering:
•    Launched private markets partnerships
•    Expanded consumer-directed health options
•    Broadened suite of stock plan administration services
Accelerated AI across the enterprise:
•    Launched CaLi in Canada to better serve Workplace plan members
•    Irish Life’s CARA has revolutionized claims process
Continued streamlining of operations:
•    Realized over $1 billion of capital benefits from optimization efforts
•    CRS no longer writing new U.S. traditional life reinsurance




18   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      5
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  B  5
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Consolidated Operating Results

                                      Selected consolidated financial information


                                                                                                                        As at or for the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                              Dec. 31                     Dec. 31                     Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                      (in Canadian $ millions, except per share amounts)                                       2025                        2024                        2025                    2024
                                      Base earnings1                                                                   $             1,245        $              1,115         $              4,649     $           4,192
                                      Net earnings from continuing operations2                                                       1,048                       1,116                        3,960                 4,011
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                             1,048                       1,116                        3,960                 3,940
                                        Per common share
                                          Basic:
                                            Base earnings3                                                                             1.36                       1.20                         5.03                   4.50
                                            Net earnings from continuing operations                                                    1.15                       1.20                         4.29                   4.30
                                            Net earnings                                                                               1.15                       1.20                         4.29                   4.23
                                          Dividends paid                                                                             0.610                       0.555                        2.440                 2.220
                                      Base dividend payout ratio3                                                                      44.9 %                     46.3 %                       48.5 %                 49.3 %
                                      Dividend payout ratio2                                                                           53.0 %                     46.3 %                       56.9 %                 52.5 %
                                      Book value per common share2                                                     $             28.07        $              27.17
                                      Efficiency ratio3                                                                                55.6 %                     56.7 %
                                      Base return on equity3                                                                           18.2 %                     17.5 %
                                      Return on equity - continuing operations2                                                        15.5 %                     16.7 %




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Financial leverage ratio4                                                                        27.6 %                     28.8 %

                                      Total assets per financial statements                                            $          862,828         $          802,163
                                      Total assets under management or advisement1                                             1,136,256                   1,006,384
                                      Total assets under administration only2                                                  2,181,321                   2,026,945
                                      Total client assets1                                                                     3,317,577                   3,033,329
                                      Total assets under administration1                                                       3,548,965                   3,266,298

                                      Total contractual service margin (net of reinsurance contracts
                                        held)                                                                                      13,530                      13,368

                                      Total equity                                                                                 33,003                      32,654

                                      Canada Life Assurance Company consolidated Life Insurance
                                        Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio5                                                            128 %                     130%

                                  1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  3     This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  4     The calculation for financial leverage ratio includes the after-tax non-participating contractual service margin (CSM) balance in the denominator, excluding CSM associated with
                                        segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered available capital under LICAT. These ratios are estimates based on available data.
                                  5     LICAT ratio is based on the consolidated results of The Canada Life Assurance Company, Lifeco's major Canadian operating subsidiary. The LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance
                                        with the Office of Superintendent of Financial Institutions' guideline - Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test. Refer to the "Capital Management and Adequacy" section of this
                                        document for additional details.




                                                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     19

                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             6
                                          B  6                                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Lifeco 2025 Highlights
Financial Performance
•    For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, base earnings of $4,649 million ($5.03 per common share) compared to
     $4,192 million ($4.50 per common share) a year ago, an increase of 11%, reflecting strong business growth in all segments
     and positive impacts of favourable markets in 2025.
•    For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, net earnings from continuing operations of $3,960 million ($4.29 per
     common share) compared to $4,011 million ($4.30 per common share) a year ago, a decrease of 1%, was driven by growth
     in base earnings and less unfavourable changes in assumption changes and management actions. This was offset by
     weaker market experience relative to expectations and higher negative business transformation and other impacts.
•    For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, Lifeco’s combined quarterly dividends paid to common shareholders
     increased by 9.9% to $2.44 per share.
•    The Company maintained its strong capital position as evidenced by a LICAT Ratio at December 31, 2025 of 128% for
     Canada Life, Lifeco’s major operating subsidiary, which exceeded the OSFI Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100%, and
     Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%.
•    The Company’s financial leverage ratio at December 31, 2025 was 28% compared to 29% at the end of 2024. This reduction
     is primarily due to repayment of debentures and growth in equity.
•    The Company's efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter of 2025 was 55.6% compared to 56.7% in the same quarter last year.
     The improvement in Lifeco's efficiency ratio was the result of base earnings growing faster than the closely managed
     operating expenses.
•    The Company's total client assets at December 31, 2025 were $3.3 trillion compared to $3.0 trillion at the end of 2024,
     primarily due to the impact of market movement, partially offset by the impact of currency movements and net outflows.




                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•    Between 2025 to 2027, Lifeco plans to incur an estimated $250 million to $300 million of post-tax restructuring costs,
     through investment in modernized technology platforms, and retiring legacy systems as well as enhancing productivity
     through increased automation and leveraging a global workplace. These restructuring costs are a subset of business
     transformation and other costs excluded from base earnings. In 2025, the Company incurred or provisioned for a net of
     $260 million post-tax of business transformation and other costs, of which $73 million post-tax was recorded in the fourth
     quarter.
•    For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately
     28.4 million common shares under its 2025 NCIB at an average cost per share of $57.15.




20   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      7
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  B  7
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Medium-Term Financial Objectives
                                  The Company measures performance against its medium-term financial objectives, with medium-term defined as 3 to 5 years.
                                  The Company updated its financial performance ambitions by updating its medium-term financial objectives effective January
                                  1, 2025 as follows:
                                          •     Increased its base return on equity (ROE) objective to 19%+ from 16-17%, and
                                          •     Introduced a new base capital generation objective of 80%+.
                                  The Company aims to create value through disciplined capital deployment to achieve, over the medium-term, base EPS
                                  growth, base return on equity (ROE) growth and strong cash generation.

                                                                                                                             1-Year                                 3-Year                               5-Year
                                      Medium-Term Financial Objectives                                                        Base1                               Base1,2                              Base1,2
                                      8-10% base EPS1 growth per annum                                                         12%                              12% CAGR                             12% CAGR
                                      19% base ROE1,3 (IFRS 17)                                                                18%                             17% average                          17% average3
                                      Target dividend payout ratio 45-55% of base earnings1                                    49%                             50% average                          51% average
                                      80%+ base capital generation1                                                           80%+                                 n/a                                  n/a

                                  1    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2    2020 and 2021 base earnings were calculated by excluding items from net earnings as discussed in the “Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios” section of this document. 2020 base
                                       earnings as reported were $2,669 million and base earnings per share was $2.88 compared to net earnings of $2,943 million and net earnings per share of $3.17. 2021 base earnings as
                                       reported were $3,260 million and base earnings per share was $3.51 compared to net earnings of $3,128 million and net earnings per share of $3.37. For purposes of calculating the 5-
                                       year growth rate for base EPS under the current definition of base earnings to provide a more accurate comparison for the 3 and 5-year growth rates, amortization of acquisition related
                                       finite life intangible assets of $41 million and $137 million after-tax was added back to 2020 and 2021 base earnings, respectively. In addition, the Company excluded earnings related
                                       to Putnam Investments, which was sold to Franklin Templeton on January 1, 2024, of $23 million and $26 million from 2020 and 2021 base earnings, respectively. With these
                                       adjustments, 2020 base earnings were $2,687 million and base EPS of $2.90; and 2021 base earnings were $3,296 million and base EPS of $3.55.
                                  3    This is the 4-year average base ROE under IFRS 17.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Company stated its objective to achieve double-digit base earnings growth in Empower in 2025. The Empower base
                                  earnings growth for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 was 12%.




                                                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report      21

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis               8

                                         B  8                                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Macroenvironmental Risks
Many factors contribute to the economic uncertainty in the geographies in which the Company operates and to the elevated
volatility of global financial markets. Elevated global financial market volatility is due, in part, to certain geopolitical conflicts,
trade policy and fiscal policy developments, which the Company actively monitors. Central banks are weighing these factors in
consideration of interest rate decisions in many of the countries in which the Company operates. The outlook for financial and
real estate markets over the short and medium-term remains uncertain and the Company actively monitors events and
information globally.
The Company's strategies are resilient and flexible, positioning it to navigate current market conditions and continue to
identify and pursue opportunities, including organic growth and acquisition activities, while supporting customers and
employees in an evolving environment.
Refer to the Risk Management section in this document for more details.
Outlook for 2026
Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial
Measures and Ratios at the beginning of this document.
Lifeco is continuing to focus on its core strategies by:
 •   delivering financial security and wellness through the workplace;
 •   providing advice-centered wealth management;
 •   delivering strong investment and asset management, and;
 •   leveraging risk and capital management expertise.
The Company intends to invest strategically, both organically and through acquisitions, to drive growth, productivity and




                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
operational resilience while maintaining strong risk and expense discipline, to deliver sustainable long-term value to its
customers and shareholders.
Lifeco's expectations over the medium term include:
 •   positioning to deliver base earnings growth of 8-10% in the medium-term;
 •   remaining on track to generate 70%+ of base earnings from capital-light businesses and driving base ROE in excess of 19%;
 •   flexibility to execute on strategic opportunities given the Company's robust capital position;
 •   delivering strong shareholder returns through:
     •    Share buybacks continuing in 2026 under renewed NCIB;
     •    Increasing quarterly dividend 10% to $0.67 per share
Lifeco also expects Empower to deliver double-digit base earnings growth in 2026.
Refer to the Segmented Operating Results section of this MD&A for greater discussion of the 2026 outlook.

Base and Net Earnings
Consolidated base earnings and net earnings of Lifeco include the base earnings and net earnings of Empower, Canada Life
(and its operating subsidiaries) and the Company's Corporate operating results (including PanAgora). Net earnings for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2024 also include the earnings from Putnam Investments reported as discontinued
operations.
For a further description of base earnings, refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document.
For further details on restated earnings for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2024, refer to the "Summary of
Earnings Reclassifications" section of this document.




22   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      9
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  B  9
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                                               For the three months ended                            For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                Dec. 31                    Dec. 31                     Dec. 31                Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                 2025                   2024 (Restated)                 2025               2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                          United States                                                                  $                  440 $                      381      $              1,582 $                  1,408
                                          Canada                                                                                            400                        362                     1,462                    1,418
                                          Europe                                                                                            256                        260                     1,023                        946
                                          Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                        258                        232                       965                        856
                                          Corporate                                                                                         (109)                     (120)                      (383)                      (436)
                                      Lifeco base earnings1                                                              $                1,245 $                    1,115      $              4,649 $                  4,192

                                      Items excluded from base earnings
                                          Market experience relative to expectations2                                    $                   (61) $                      38     $                (216) $                    214
                                          Assumption changes and management actions2                                                         (27)                        16                       (87)                      (149)
                                          Business transformation and other impacts                                                          (73)                       (30)                     (260)                      (112)
                                          Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles                                        (36)                       (37)                     (148)                      (148)
                                          Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts                                                       —                          14                        22                        14
                                      Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings                                           $                  (197) $                        1    $                (689) $                    (181)

                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations2
                                         United States                                                                   $                   417 $                     333 $                   1,436 $                  1,229
                                         Canada                                                                                              425                       377                     1,464                    1,640
                                         Europe                                                                                              128                       339                       609                      930
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                          203                       203                       861                      656




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                         Corporate                                                                                          (125)                     (136)                     (410)                    (444)
                                      Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations2                                    $                1,048 $                    1,116      $              3,960 $                  4,011
                                          Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                    —                          —                         —                        (115)
                                          Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                   —                          —                         —                         44
                                      Lifeco net earnings - common shareholders                                          $                1,048 $                    1,116      $              3,960 $                  3,940

                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  Base Earnings
                                  Base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 of $1,245 million ($1.36 per common share) increased by $130 million or 12% from
                                  $1,115 million ($1.20 per common share) a year ago. The results include:
                                      •      Higher U.S. segment base earnings from higher asset levels due to higher equity markets in Retirement and Wealth lines of
                                             business as well as favourable tax benefits in Retirement line of business, and higher spread income associated with higher
                                             volumes in the Wealth line of business, partially offset by an increase in operating expenses to support growth;
                                      •      Higher Canada segment base earnings reflecting improved experience in Group Benefits and Individual Insurance, and
                                             higher fee income due to higher assets resulting from market appreciation;
                                      •      Higher Capital and Risk Solutions base earnings from new business growth and modest unfavourable insurance
                                             experience as a result of fourth quarter seasonality and the benefit of a diversified portfolio; and
                                      •      Lower Corporate base loss driven by the settlement of outstanding tax matters from prior years, partially offset by higher
                                             corporate shared service expenses.




                                                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report      23
                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              10

                                            B  10                                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, Lifeco's base earnings were $4,649 million ($5.03 per common share)
compared to $4,192 million ($4.50 per common share) a year ago. The increase was primarily due to:
 •   Higher U.S. segment base earnings from the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results, partially offset by higher
     negative credit related impacts;
 •   Higher Canada segment base earnings reflecting higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable long-term disability
     experience, higher Retirement earnings from asset growth driven by market appreciation, and changes in certain tax
     estimates, partially offset by lower earnings on surplus;
 •   Higher Europe segment base earnings driven by higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable experience in the U.K.
     and Ireland, higher Wealth earnings from higher fee income driven by client assets growth, and positive impact of currency
     movements across all lines of business, partially offset by lower earnings on surplus;
 •   Higher CRS segment base earnings from the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results; and
 •   Lower Corporate base loss driven by the settlement of outstanding tax matters, changes in prior year tax estimates and
     higher earnings on surplus, partially offset by higher debt financing and corporate shared service expenses.
Net Earnings
Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations for the three months ended December 31, 2025 of $1,048 million ($1.15 per
common share) decreased by $68 million or 6% compared to $1,116 million ($1.20 per common share) for the same period a
year ago. The decrease was primarily due to higher base earnings and the net impacts of the following items excluded from
base earnings:
 •   Lower market experience relative to expectations which primarily reflects the impact of changes in interest rates in Europe
     and Canada, partially offset by higher private equity returns in Canada;
 •   Unfavourable impact of assumption changes and management actions. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and
     Management Actions" section of this document for additional details; and




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 •   Higher negative business transformation impacts, primarily in Europe.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, Lifeco's net earnings from continuing operations were $3,960 million ($4.29
per common share) compared to $4,011 million ($4.30 per common share) a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to
higher base earnings and the net impact of the following items excluded from base earnings:
 •   Lower market experience relative to expectations impacts primarily due to interest rates and equity markets;
 •   Higher negative business transformation and other impacts, driven by a restructuring provision recorded in 2025 primarily
     in Canada and Europe; and
 •   Partially offset by less unfavourable changes in assumption changes and management actions.
The results from discontinued operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, included a net loss of $115 million
as well as a $44 million final gain on sale.
Foreign Currency
Through its operating subsidiaries, Lifeco conducts business in multiple currencies. The four primary currencies are the
Canadian dollar, the U.S. dollar, the British pound and the euro. Throughout this document, foreign currency assets and
liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the reporting period. All income and expense
items are translated at an average rate for the period. The rates employed are:

                                                                         As at or for the three months ended             As at or for the twelve months ended
                                                                              Dec. 31               Dec. 31                    Dec. 31                    Dec. 31
                                                                               2025                  2024                       2025                       2024
 Income and expenses
 United States dollar                                                $                  1.39 $                  1.40    $                  1.40 $                   1.37
 British pound                                                       $                  1.85 $                  1.79    $                  1.84 $                   1.75
 Euro                                                                $                  1.62 $                  1.49    $                  1.58 $                   1.48

 Balance sheet
 United States dollar                                                $                  1.37 $                  1.44    $                  1.37 $                   1.44
 British pound                                                       $                  1.85 $                  1.80    $                  1.85 $                   1.80
 Euro                                                                $                  1.61 $                  1.49    $                  1.61 $                   1.49




24   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      11
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               B  11
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  The overall impact of currency movement for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2025 compared to translation
                                  rates a year ago are summarized below:

                                                                                                                                       December 31, 2025 vs December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                    For the three months ended                            For the twelve months ended
                                      Base Earnings                                                                      Increase of $16 million                                 Increase of $110 million
                                      Net Earnings                                                                        Increase of $9 million                                 Increase of $69 million

                                  The movements in end-of-period exchange rates impacting the translation of foreign operations, including related hedging
                                  activities, resulted in post-tax unrealized foreign exchange losses of $288 million in-quarter ($452 million net unrealized loss
                                  year-to-date) recorded in other comprehensive income (OCI).
                                  Credit Markets
                                  Credit experience impacts on net earnings can arise from:
                                  •       Upgrades, downgrades and impairments on fixed income assets measured at fair value through profit and loss (FVTPL),
                                          which support insurance contract liabilities;
                                  •       Losses on assets measured at FVTPL, which support general account investment products; and
                                  •       The change in expected credit losses on fixed income assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                          (FVOCI) and amortized cost.

                                      Credit markets impact on base earnings

                                                                                                                         For the three months ended                           For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                          Dec. 31                   Dec. 31                      Dec. 31                Dec. 31




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                           2025                      2024                         2025                   2024
                                      United States                                                                $                   (21) $                    (17) $                     (134) $                   (57)
                                      Canada                                                                                             1                         3                          (6)                       2
                                      Europe                                                                                             1                        (2)                          6                      (12)
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                        —                          1                          (2)                      (3)
                                      Total                                                                        $                   (19) $                    (15) $                     (136) $                   (70)

                                  In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company experienced net negative $19 million of credit-related experience in net investment
                                  result compared to a net negative impact of $15 million in the same quarter last year, primarily due to more unfavourable credit
                                  charges on mortgage loans in the U.S. segment.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, the Company experienced net negative $136 million of credit-related
                                  experience in net investment result compared to a net negative impact of $70 million in the same period last year, primarily due
                                  to more unfavourable credit charges on mortgage loans and bonds in the U.S. Segment.
                                  Taxes

                                  The Company's effective income tax rates on earnings attributable to common shareholders and total Lifeco earnings are
                                  presented below.

                                      Effective Income Tax Rates                                                          For the three months ended                             For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                           Dec. 31                   Dec. 31                      Dec. 31                Dec. 31
                                                                                                                            2025                      2024                         2025                   2024
                                      Base earnings - common shareholders1                                                          13.5 %                   15.6 %                      14.7 %                  17.2 %
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                                            11.8 %                   15.3 %                      12.8 %                  16.5 %
                                      Net earnings - total Lifeco                                                                   12.2 %                   15.0 %                      11.4 %                  14.8 %

                                  1    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  The Company's effective income tax rate is generally lower than the statutory income tax rate of 28.0% due to benefits related to
                                  non-taxable investment income and lower income tax rates in certain foreign jurisdictions.
                                  The effective income tax rate varies from period to period as a result of changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings and
                                  movements in non-taxable investment income. It is also affected by other items such as provision-to-return adjustments, tax
                                  rate changes, the recognition of tax credits and updates to tax estimates, including deferred tax asset recoverability and
                                  uncertain tax position estimates.
                                                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     25

                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             12
                                          B  12                                                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Refer to note 29 of the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 for further
details.


Items Excluded from Base Earnings
Market Experience Relative to Expectations
                                                                                   For the three months ended                  For the twelve months ended
                                                                                   Dec. 31              Dec. 31                  Dec. 31                  Dec. 31
                                                                                    2025                 2024                     2025                     2024
Public equity market impacts                                                  $              (16) $                  (1) $                   (7) $                    48
Real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts                                          (2)                   (45)                   (128)                    (140)
Interest rate and other impacts                                                              (43)                    84                     (81)                     306
Total market experience relative to expectations                              $              (61) $                 38    $                (216) $                   214

Market experience relative to expectations, which are reflected in the net investment result of the Company's consolidated
statement of earnings, negatively impacted net earnings by $61 million in the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to a positive
impact of $38 million in the fourth quarter of 2024. The in-quarter impact was primarily due to:
 •   negative interest rate and other impacts from liabilities increasing by more than their supporting assets in the U.K. in the
     Europe segment and in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment, due to decreases in risk-free rates, partially offset by
     positive interest rate and other impacts in the Canada segment; and
 •   negative real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts from lower returns than expected on real estate assets in the
     Canada segment and in the U.K. in the Europe segment, largely offset by favourable private equity performance in the
     Canada segment.




                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, market experience relative to expectations negatively impacted net earnings
by $216 million which compares unfavourably to a positive impact of $214 million for the same period in 2024. The negative
impact in 2025 was primarily due to:
 •   negative real estate and other non-fixed income asset impacts from lower returns than expected on real estate assets,
     partially offset by higher returns than expected on other non-fixed income assets;
 •   negative interest rate and other impacts in the Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, partially offset by positive
     interest rate and other impacts in the Canada segment.
In order to mitigate the Company's exposure to interest rate fluctuations, the Company follows disciplined processes for
matching asset and liability cash flows. As a result, the impact of changing interest rates is mostly mitigated in the current
period, with the impact of changes in fair values of bonds backing insurance contract liabilities mostly offset by a
corresponding change in the insurance contract liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of
assets and the value of insurance and investment contract liabilities lead to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net
earnings due to the Company’s asset liability management strategies and accounting policy choices. These choices include
consideration of the impact on regulatory capital, which can result in increased net earnings sensitivity, but decreased capital
sensitivity. For example, the Company’s asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income
assets as a component of general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in net earnings. The
classification of financial assets, which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets supporting liabilities
(for example, mortgage assets in the U.K.), also contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings. Furthermore, sensitivities
to interest rate movements vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur and the level of change in interest
rates by term.
For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market and interest rate fluctuations, including sensitivity
disclosures as a result of current market conditions, refer to the "Risk Management" section of this document as well as note 7
of the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.
Assumption Changes and Management Actions
Assumption changes on insurance risks and certain management actions directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM.
The impact of assumption changes and certain management actions on CSM are measured at locked-in rates, for contracts
measured under the General Measurement Model.
Net earnings impacts arise from the fair value impact of measuring assumption changes impacting CSM at fair value (relative to
the impacts on CSM measured at locked-in rates), as well as assumption changes on financial risks on certain products and
assumption changes on insurance risks on contracts which do not have CSM (including short-term insurance contracts).


26   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        13
                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  13
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  The table below summarizes how assumption changes and management actions impact CSM and earnings.

                                                                                                                    Products with CSM                                                      Products without CSM
                                                                                   Non-participating insurance and                   Pass through and fee-based
                                      Type of business                                   longevity business                              insurance business                                 Short-term business

                                      Products                                     • Term life / universal life                   • Segregated funds                             • Group life and health
                                                                                   • Disability / critical illness                • Participating insurance                      • Structured and P&C reinsurance
                                                                                   • Payout annuities                                                                            • Liabilities for incurred claims
                                                                                   • Life reinsurance
                                                                                   • Structured and P&C reinsurance
                                                                                   • Longevity swaps
                                      Financial                                    • Insurance assumptions – locked-              • Insurance assumptions
                                                                   CSM1              in rates impact2                             • Financial assumptions
                                      statement
                                      impact of                                    • Insurance assumptions – fair                                                                • Insurance assumptions
                                      assumption                 Earnings            value impact2                                                                               • Financial assumptions
                                      changes                                      • Financial assumptions

                                  1    If there is no CSM balance, then the impact of both insurance and financial assumption changes flows through earnings.
                                  2    As current discount rates are generally higher than locked-in rates (as locked-in rates were mostly set as at January 1, 2022), a favourable change in insurance assumptions would
                                       increase the CSM and result in a negative earnings impact in the period.



                                  The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management actions on non-
                                  participating business, excluding segregated funds, for the three months ended December 31, 2025 and the same quarter in the
                                  prior year.

                                                                                                    Net
                                                                                  CSM            Earnings




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                               Assumptions                      impacts1          Impact                                                      Description
                                      For the three months ended
                                      December 31, 2025
                                      Longevity                             $            — $              —
                                      Mortality                                           3               — Updates to mortality assumptions in the UK in the Europe segment
                                      Policyholder behaviour                             —                —
                                      Other                                              (9)             (27) Other updates, including a management action related to a legacy insurance portfolio in
                                                                                                              the Capital and Risk Solutions segment
                                      Total                                 $            (6) $           (27)

                                      For the three months ended
                                      December 31, 2024
                                      Total                                 $           (23) $            16

                                  1    Excludes participating and segregated fund policies.
                                  The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management actions on non-
                                  participating business, excluding segregated funds, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 and in the prior year.
                                                                                                   Net
                                                                                                earnings
                                                                                  CSM            impact
                                               Assumptions                      impacts1       (post-tax)                                                     Description
                                      For the twelve months ended
                                      December 31, 2025
                                      Longevity                             $           30 $              10 Updates to reflect recent longevity experience, primarily on portfolios in the Capital and
                                                                                                             Risk Solutions segment and the Europe segment
                                      Mortality                                         (21)            (21) Updates to reflect recent mortality experience on the U.S. life reinsurance portfolio in
                                                                                                             the Capital and Risk Solutions segment and recent mortality experience and trends in
                                                                                                             the Canada segment
                                      Policyholder behaviour                          (184)              35 Updates to lapse assumptions on universal life insurance in the Canada segment
                                      Other                                             25             (111) Other updates, including financial and expense assumptions
                                      Total                                 $         (150) $            (87)

                                      For the twelve months ended
                                      December 31, 2024
                                      Total                                 $          252 $           (149)

                                  1    Excludes participating and segregated fund policies.


                                                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report       27

                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis               14
                                          B  14                                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Discussion on CSM and earnings impacts and the table below relate to non-participating business, excluding segregated funds
except where noted relating to segregated funds business.
 For the three months ended December 31, 2025, assumption changes and management actions resulted in:
 •   a decrease in CSM of $6 million;
 •   a negative earnings impact of $27 million; and
 •   an increase in CSM of $5 million on segregated fund business.
 In the Canada segment:
 •   net earnings were positively impacted by $1 million, primarily due to model refinements.
 In the Europe segment:
 •   CSM was negatively impacted by $6 million, primarily due to model refinements;
 •   net earnings were negatively impacted by $8 million, primarily due to financial model refinements; and
 •   CSM was also positively impacted by $5 million on segregated fund business, primarily due to model refinements.
 In the Capital and Risk Solutions segment:
 •   net earnings were negatively impacted by $34 million, primarily due to a management action related to a legacy insurance
     portfolio.
 In the U.S. segment:
 •   net earnings were positively impacted by $14 million, primarily due to a financial model refinement.
The following table summarizes the impact of assumption changes and management actions for the three and twelve months
ended December 31, 2025 by segment:

                                                                            For the three months ended Dec. 31, 2025                                         For the three




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                                             months ended
                                                       U.S.             Canada               Europe           CRS          Corporate           Total         Dec. 31, 2024
CSM Impacts                            $                       — $                   — $              (6) $          — $              — $               (6) $              (23)
Net Earnings Impacts                                           14                    1                (8)           (34)              —                (27)                 16
CSM Impacts (Segregated Fund Business)                         —                     —                 5             —                —                  5               (290)


                                                                           For the twelve months ended Dec. 31, 2025                                         For the twelve
                                                                                                                                                             months ended
                                                       U.S.             Canada               Europe           CRS          Corporate           Total          Dec. 31, 2024
CSM Impacts                            $                        8 $                (161) $        (18) $             21 $             — $            (150) $              252
Net Earnings Impacts                                           14                    33           (24)              (57)             (53)             (87)               (149)
CSM Impacts (Segregated Fund Business)                        (33)                 (107)           20                —                —              (120)               (278)



Other Items Excluded from Base Earnings
For the fourth quarter of 2025, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $109 million compared to negative $53
million for the same period a year ago. Business transformation and other costs increased by $43 million compared to the same
period in the prior year, primarily due to higher business transformation and other impacts, driven by a restructuring provision
recorded in the Europe segment in the current quarter.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, other items excluded from base earnings were negative $386 million
compared to negative $246 million a year ago. Business transformation and other costs increased by $148 million compared to
the same period in the prior year, primarily due to the aforementioned restructuring costs.




28   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      15

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B  15
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Lifeco Lines of Business
                                  The Company has a diversified mix of business across its reportable operating segments and accordingly supplements its
                                  analysis of results with reporting and disclosures by business type or “lines of business”. The Company focuses on four key
                                  lines of business that extend across its reportable operating segments: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance &
                                  Risk Solutions.

                                  The table below demonstrates the relative size, based on base earnings, of each line of business by operating segment. The
                                  table excludes the Corporate segment and earnings on surplus and other reconciling items.

                                      In-quarter base earnings1
                                      ($ millions)                                                                                  Operating Segments

                                                                                                                                                                                               Capital and Risk
                                          Lines of Business                                     U.S.                             Canada                              Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Solutions

                                                 Retirement                                     $312                                 $46                                 $10


                                                    Wealth                                       $92                                 $65                                 $66


                                             Group Benefits                                                                         $169                                 $54

                                            Insurance & Risk
                                                                                                                                     $77                                 $91                             $238




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                Solutions
                                  1     Earnings on surplus, corporate expenses & other as well as Corporate segment results are not included.

                                  Lifeco Base Earnings by Lines of Business and Net Earnings from Continuing Operations
                                  The information in the following table summarizes base earnings by the Company's lines of business. Additional commentary
                                  regarding base earnings by lines of business is included, as applicable, in the "Segmented Operating Results" section of this
                                  document.

                                                                                                                            For the three months ended                            For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                              Dec. 31                   Dec. 31                     Dec. 31               Dec. 31
                                                                                                                               2025                  2024 (Restated)                 2025              2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                      Retirement                                                                      $                   368 $                     330      $              1,349 $                  1,209
                                      Wealth                                                                                              223                       183                       772                        659
                                      Group Benefits                                                                                      223                       225                       934                        819
                                      Insurance & Risk Solutions                                                                          406                       377                     1,524                    1,433
                                      Earnings on surplus                                                                                 145                       143                       541                        603
                                      Corporate expenses & other                                                                         (120)                      (143)                     (471)                      (531)
                                      Lifeco base earnings1                                                           $                1,245 $                    1,115      $              4,649 $                  4,192
                                                                                                      2
                                      Lifeco net earnings from continuing operations                                  $                1,048 $                    1,116      $              3,960 $                  4,011

                                  1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report      29

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              16

                                          B  16                                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Retirement
The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through the Retirement line of business. These
relationships are based on the consistent delivery of retirement solutions that are delivered at scale through employer
sponsored plans as a core part of the business. The Company is building lifetime customer relationships through a focus on
deepening the value of advice and product solutions to better meet customers' retirement needs.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                       As at or for the three months ended                   For the twelve months ended
                                                                                            Dec. 31                    Dec. 31                 Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                             2025                   2024 (Restated)             2025                2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                             $                 368 $                    330    $               1,349 $                  1,209
    Retirement net asset flows2                                                                    (23,532)                  (11,475)                (22,941)                   (43,616)
    Net fee and spread income2                                                                        1,214                    1,155                    4,670                    4,413
    Total client assets1                                                                        2,716,077                 2,513,447
    Average client assets2                                                                      2,750,272                 2,475,801

1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Wealth
The Company, with a broad global network of advisor relationships, is delivering targeted and sophisticated solutions
supported by personalized advice to meet customers’ personal wealth needs. The approach is enabled through investments in
technology platforms and in managed solutions to help advisors continue to meet the evolving needs of customers.
Selected Financial Results




                                                                                                                                                                                           PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                       As at or for the three months ended                   For the twelve months ended
                                                                                            Dec. 31                    Dec. 31                 Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                             2025                   2024 (Restated)             2025                2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                             $                 223 $                    183    $                   772 $                  659
    Wealth net asset flows2                                                                           6,713                    5,262                  16,367                    19,251
    Net fee and spread income2                                                                          704                      630                    2,622                    2,340
    Total client assets1                                                                           541,506                  471,695
    Average client assets2                                                                         534,912                  463,428
    CSM, segregated fund products                                                                     3,175                    3,268

1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

Group Benefits
The Company has built millions of trusted relationships with customers through the Group Benefits line of business. These
relationships are based on health and wellness benefits that are delivered at scale through employer sponsored plans as a core
part of the business. The Company offers benefit solutions to small, medium and large sized plan sponsors including a wide
range of traditional and specialty group products designed to meet plan members' benefits needs.
Selected Financial Results
                                                                                       As at or for the three months ended                   For the twelve months ended
                                                                                            Dec. 31                    Dec. 31                 Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                             2025                   2024 (Restated)             2025                2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                             $                 223 $                    225    $                   934 $                  819
    Sales - Group Benefits (Insured)2                                                                   176                      165                        722                    611
    Sales - Group Benefits (ASO & Other)2                                                                 19                     297                        352                    614
    Fee and other income (ASO & Other)                                                                  111                      114                        425                    443
    In-force premiums (Insured)2                                                                    10,554                   10,066

1     This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2     Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




30        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         17

                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B  17
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                  The Company has a strong and stable insurance base which helps produce capital that is invested in areas of opportunity for
                                  growth. Additionally, with its sophisticated risk and capital management expertise, the Company is helping organizations
                                  manage their risks and deliver sustainable customer solutions. By leveraging this expertise, Lifeco is diversifying its portfolio,
                                  offsetting or counterbalancing risks and creating value for stakeholders including strong financial performance.
                                  Selected Financial Results
                                                                                                                      As at or for the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                             Dec. 31              Dec. 31                           Dec. 31            Dec. 31
                                                                                                                              2025             2024 (Restated)                       2025           2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                           $                  406 $              377              $              1,524 $            1,433
                                      Sales - Insurance2                                                                                 247                        263                     1,095                      893
                                      Sales - Annuities2                                                                               2,093                        396                     3,977                    4,051
                                      New business non-participating CSM, excluding segregated
                                        fund products                                                                                    150                        269                       407                        658

                                      Non-participating CSM, excluding segregated fund products                                        6,869                      6,845

                                  1    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     31

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             18

                                          B  18                                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Segmented Operating Results

The segmented operating results of Lifeco, including the comparative figures, are presented on an IFRS basis. Consolidated
operating results for Lifeco comprise the results of Empower, Canada Life (and its operating subsidiaries), Lifeco's corporate as
well as results from Putnam Investments, reported as discontinued operations in 2024. The following sections analyze the
performance of Lifeco's four reportable segments: United States, Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions.
Translation of Foreign Currency
For the United States, Europe and Capital and Risk Solutions segments, foreign currency assets and liabilities are translated
into Canadian dollars at the market rate at the end of the financial period. All income and expense items are translated at an
average rate for the period. Please refer to the Foreign Currency section in this document for more details.

United States
The United States segment comprises two distinct lines of business: Empower Workplace Solutions and Empower Personal
Wealth. The segment’s operating results include results for Empower and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco’s Corporate
results. The United States segment also includes the results of Putnam Investments classified as discontinued operations in
2024.
Retirement
    Business            Empower Workplace Solution offers:
    Profile             • Employer-sponsored defined contribution, defined benefit and non-qualified plans as well as an array of financial wellness
                          programs
                        • Administrative and recordkeeping services, including enrollment, communication strategies and education programs
                        • Fund management, advisory services and investment options including the first ever zero-fee S&P 500® Index Separate Account
                          and expanded access to private equity, private credit, and private real estate investment options within defined contribution
                          plans




                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                        • Workplace advice solutions leveraging advanced data analytics and technology through personalized dashboards, investment
                          strategies and progress tracking
                        • Empower Stock Plan Services (ESPS) offers equity compensation administration for public and private companies with an
                          integrated experience for executives, participants, and employers
                        • A fully integrated consumer-directed healthcare suite that brings health and wealth benefits together on one platform

    Market              • Second largest defined contribution service provider in the U.S.1 by participants, providing services for over 19 million
    Position              participant accounts and more than 89,000 plans2, with clients in all fifty states, Puerto Rico and Guam
                        • Multiple awards from the NAPA Advisors’ Choice Awards as an industry leader across various market segments for excellence in
                          service and innovation3
                        • Market leader in service to small and mid-sized organizations (plans under $50 million)3
                        • Provides services to government plans in all fifty states, including administration or investment services for 28 state plans

    Distribution        • Retirement services products distributed to plan sponsors through brokers, consultants, advisors, third-party administrators and
                          banks, ensuring broad accessibility
                        • Retirement plan sponsors are supported by Empower's dedicated sales, account management and client service professionals
                        • Empower offers private label recordkeeping and administrative services distributed through institutional clients
    Competitive         The defined contribution industry continues to evolve with meaningful transformation shaped by sustained fee pressure,
    Conditions          increasing regulatory complexity, and heightened expectations from plan sponsors and participants for more personalized and
                        digitally sophisticated services. These evolving competitive dynamics include:
                        • Advances in AI, automation, and data-driven technology platforms;
                        • Increasing importance of scale and operational efficiency; and
                        • Rising expectations for participant engagement, integrated solutions, and enhanced service delivery.

                        Competitors include other financial institutions that offer retirement plan recordkeeping, other retirement planning and employee
                        benefit solutions. Within this environment, Empower Workplace Solutions continues to be well positioned with:
                        • Strong brand recognition;
                        • Operational synergies achieved from business acquisitions that enhance workflow automation and scalability; and
                        • Use of technology and AI capabilities to drive efficiency and deepen customer engagement.
                        These operational strengths enable the Company to compete effectively in a marketplace where innovation, service flexibility, and
                        participant experience are critical drivers of success.

1    2025 PLANSPONSOR DC Recordkeeping Survey as of December 31, 2024.
2    As of December 31, 2025.
3    2025 Advisors' Choice Top Recordkeepers. NAPA Advisors' Choice Awards 2025.




32      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      19

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  19
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Wealth
                                  Business                Empower Personal Wealth offers a broad suite of financial solutions including:
                                  Profile                 • Personalized advisory services;
                                                          • Investment management;
                                                          • A diverse array of investment options;
                                                          • Individual retirement accounts (IRAs);
                                                          • Taxable accounts; and
                                                          • High-net-worth wealth management.
                                                          Empower Personal DashboardTM provides actionable financial insights, portfolio monitoring and planning and market trend
                                                          information
                                      Market              • Over $100 billion in average client assets
                                      Position            • Individual wealth management provider with over 990,000 accounts
                                                          • Top ranking apps1 and digital technology with expert human advisory services for a hybrid financial planning approach
                                                          • Multiple awards recognized by NAPA Advisors for excellence in digital tools and advisory support2
                                      Distribution        • Multi-channel distribution approach through:
                                                            • In-plan offerings of Empower Personal Wealth services through the Empower Workplace Solutions platforms;
                                                            • Direct-to-consumer engagement through our digital platform; and
                                                            • Customized advisory services provided by Empower Advisors.
                                                          • Integrated equity compensation planning services and compliance solutions for executives and individual clients enabled
                                                            through the expanded Empower Stock Plan Services platform
                                                          • More than 1,500 financial advisors, financial planners and specialists supporting clients with a broad range of financial services
                                                            and digital tools
                                      Competitive         Empower Personal Wealth launched in 2023 by combining Empower’s legacy rollover and brokerage offerings with the capabilities
                                      Conditions          and customers from past acquisitions and has maintained a compound annual growth rate of approximately 26% since its
                                                          inception. The wealth management market continues to be intensely competitive due to:
                                                          • Shifting client expectations
                                                          • Ongoing fee pressure
                                                          • Growing demand for more comprehensive and personalized financial solutions




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                          Competitors span a broad spectrum, including traditional financial institutions, hybrid and fully digital registered investment
                                                          advisors, independent advisory firms, broker-dealers, mutual fund companies, insurance companies, and banks. While no single
                                                          competitor dominates the industry, large established firms benefit from scale, brand recognition, and diversified service models,
                                                          while newer and more specialized entrants emphasize streamlined digital experiences and tailored customer engagement. Within
                                                          this competitive environment, Personal Wealth leverages the following:
                                                          • Access to an existing client base through Empower Workplace Solutions
                                                          • Ongoing technological enhancements to its wealth management offerings
                                                          • Cross-segment business synergies that broaden services capabilities
                                                          Consolidation across the industry is reshaping the competitive landscape, as larger players acquire smaller firms to broaden
                                                          capabilities and enhance market share, alongside fintech providers introducing lower-cost and technology alternatives.
                                                          Competition increasingly centers on the quality of advisory services, customer experience, financial planning sophistication, cost
                                                          efficiency, differentiated digital tools, reputation management, and social media presence.
                                  1    The Best Budget Apps for 2026" January 2026. ©2014-2026 and TM, NerdWallet, Inc. All Rights Reserved
                                  2    2024 Advisors' Choice Top Recordkeepers. NAPA Advisors' Choice Awards 2024.

                                  2025 Developments
                                  •       During the fourth quarter of 2025, the zero fee Empower S&P 500® Index Separate Account surpassed $10 billion in total
                                          assets since its launch earlier in the year, reflecting strong demand for low-cost, transparent retirement investment
                                          solutions. Empower continues to expand its investment solutions across key markets and integrated retirement and wealth
                                          platforms.
                                  •       During the third quarter of 2025, Empower Personal Wealth surpassed $100 billion in average client assets. Since its launch
                                          in 2023, the business has maintained a compound annual growth rate of approximately 26% and recorded a 50% year over
                                          year increase in net flows. This growth is supported through strategic acquisitions, as well as continued client adoption of
                                          the firm's digital financial tools and advisor-led services. Amid rising demand for wealth management services, Empower
                                          Personal Wealth is well positioned to capture market share arising from the intergenerational wealth transfer.
                                  •       During the second quarter of 2025, Empower announced a new investment option for retirement plan participants
                                          incorporating private market opportunities in equity, credit, and real estate into advised defined contribution retirement
                                          plans. The initiative was launched in collaboration with asset managers including Apollo, Franklin Templeton, Goldman
                                          Sachs, Neuberger Berman, PIMCO, Partners Group, and Sagard. The investments are included as part of Collective
                                          Investment Trust (CIT) offerings and are intended to provide plan participants with diversified investment options which
                                          were previously limited to institutional and high-net-worth investors. As of December 31, 2025, more than 200 Empower
                                          retirement plan sponsor clients had included private investments within their retirement platforms.
                                  •       During the first quarter of 2025, Empower announced a new consumer-directed healthcare (CDH) offering to help
                                          individuals manage their healthcare finances. Empower offers benefits such as health savings accounts (HSAs), flexible
                                          spending accounts (FSAs), health reimbursement arrangements (HRAs), voluntary employees’ beneficiary association

                                                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   33

                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           20

                                         B  20                                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


           plans (VEBAs), wellness incentives, lifestyle benefits, and more. Empower is working with Alegeus Technologies, LLC, to
           incorporate the integrated set of CDH benefits into Empower's digital platform under the Empower brand. With a track
           record of more than 25 years, Alegeus delivers consumer-directed benefit accounts for over 75,000 employers and more
           than 10 million participants.
Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations
                                                                                             For the three months ended                        For the twelve months ended
                                                                                              Dec. 31                    Dec. 31                 Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                               2025                   2024 (Restated)             2025                2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (US$)1
        Retirement                                                                      $                 224 $                    199    $                   816 $                  746
        Wealth                                                                                              67                      47                        211                    167
        Earnings on surplus                                                                                 26                      26                        109                    115
    Base earnings (US$)1                                                                $                 317 $                    272 $                  1,136 $                 1,028
        Items excluded from base earnings (US$)                                                            (17)                    (35)                    (105)                   (132)
    Net earnings from continuing operations (US$)2                                      $                 300 $                    237    $               1,031 $                    896

    Base earnings (C$)1                                                                 $                 440 $                    381    $               1,582 $                 1,408
    Net earnings from continuing operations (C$)2                                       $                 417 $                    333    $               1,436 $                 1,229
1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.


Base earnings and net earnings from continuing operations




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Base earnings of US$317 million increased by US$45 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to:
    •      higher fee and spread income driven by higher asset levels from elevated equity markets and participant growth in both
           lines of business; and
    •      favourable tax adjustments in Retirement.
These increases were partially offset by an increase in operating expenses incurred to support the growth in both lines of
business.
Net earnings from continuing operations for the fourth quarter of 2025 increased by US$63 million to US$300 million compared
to the same quarter last year. Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$17 million for the fourth quarter of 2025
compared to negative US$35 million a year ago, primarily due to:
    •      the non-recurrence of guarantee assessment fees associated with an acquired business in the fourth quarter of 2024
           recognized in Retirement; and
    •      model refinement in the current year, which was recognized in both lines of business.
These increases were partially offset by general restructuring costs and higher integration expenses.
For the twelve months ended December 31 2025, base earnings of US$1.1 billion increased by US$108 million compared to the
same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results, partially offset by higher credit-
related impacts on invested assets in both lines of business when compared to prior year.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, net earnings from continuing operations increased by US$135 million to
US$1.0 billion compared to last year. Items excluded from base earnings were negative US$105 million for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2025 compared to negative US$132 million a year ago. This improvement was primarily due to:
    •      the non-recurrence of prior year Prudential integration and restructuring expenses;
    •      model refinement in the current year, which was recognized in both lines of business; and
    •      favourable tax adjustments recognized in the current year in Retirement.
These improvements were partially offset by higher guarantee assessment fees in the current year compared to the prior year.




34          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         21

                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B  21
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                      Additional financial information

                                                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                                Dec. 31                    Dec. 31                     Dec. 31                  Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                 2025                   2024 (Restated)                 2025                 2024 (Restated)
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1
                                        Retirement                                                                       $              (16,932) $                  (8,344) $                  (16,808) $             (32,866)
                                        Wealth                                                                                            3,395                      3,050                      12,479                  8,313
                                      Net asset flows - (US$)1                                                           $              (13,537) $                  (5,294) $                    (4,329) $            (24,553)
                                      Net asset flows - (C$)1                                                            $              (18,816) $                  (7,413) $                   (5,712) $             (33,568)

                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)1
                                        Retirement                                                                       $                  760 $                      722      $               2,916 $                 2,816
                                        Wealth                                                                                              212                        171                        767                     635
                                      Net fee and spread income (US$)1                                                   $                  972 $                      893      $               3,683 $                 3,451
                                      Net fee and spread income (C$)1                                                    $                1,351 $                    1,249      $               5,133 $                 4,728

                                      Assets under administration (US$)2
                                          Assets under management or advisement2                                         $             416,521 $                 352,509
                                          Assets under administration only1                                                         1,586,176                  1,402,412
                                      Total client assets (US$)2                                                         $          2,002,697 $                1,754,921

                                      Total assets under administration (US$)2                                           $          2,037,186 $                1,794,225
                                      Total assets under administration (C$)2                                            $          2,790,945 $                2,583,692

                                      Average client assets (US$)1




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                          Average client assets - Retirement                                             $          1,890,253 $                1,688,416
                                          Average client assets - Wealth                                                               108,185                     86,447
                                      Total average client assets (US$)1                                                 $          1,998,438 $                1,774,863
                                      Total average client assets (C$)1                                                  $          2,777,829 $                2,484,809
                                  1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2025, net asset outflows were US$13.5 billion, compared to net asset outflows of US$5.3 billion for the
                                  same quarter last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      higher participant net redemptions in Retirement primarily driven by higher average account balances, predominantly
                                             due to market growth which have outpaced contributions; and
                                      •      higher large plan terminations in Retirement.
                                      These outflows were partially offset by higher overall plan sales in Retirement.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, net asset outflows were US$4.3 billion compared to net asset outflows of
                                  US$24.6 billion for the same period last year. The improvement was primarily due to:
                                      •      higher large plan sales and overall sales in Retirement in 2025;
                                      •      lower large plan terminations in Retirement in 2025 compared to 2024; and
                                      •      higher participant contributions in Retirement in 2025.
                                      These improvements were partially offset by higher participant net redemptions in Retirement in 2025.
                                  Large plan sales and terminations can be highly variable from period to period and tend to result in lower margins but
                                  nonetheless contribute to covering fixed overhead costs. The number of participants at the end of the fourth quarter of 2025
                                  increased from the end of the fourth quarter of 2024 in both Retirement and Wealth.




                                                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report      35
                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              22

                                            B  22                                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Empower - Client Assets (US$)

                                                                                                                                           Dec. 31        Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                            2025       2024 (Restated)
     General account - fixed options                                                                                                  $         63,690 $       63,130
     Segregated funds - variable options                                                                                                       170,958        149,990
     Other assets under management and advisement1                                                                                             181,873             139,389
     Other assets under administration                                                                                                       1,586,176           1,402,412
    Total                                                                                                                             $      2,002,697 $         1,754,921
1    At December 31, 2025, other assets under management and advisement included US$53 million in PanAgora managed funds (US$48 million at December 31, 2024).

Empower customer account values at December 31, 2025 of US$2.0 trillion increased by US$247.8 billion compared with
December 31, 2024, primarily driven by higher market activity in the current year as well as the same reasons discussed for the
twelve month ended results for net flows.
Outlook
Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial
Measures and Ratios at the beginning of this document.
Retirement
Empower Workplace Solutions is well positioned to capture meaningful growth opportunities as demand continues to expand
across various plan types, company sizes, and market segments. In 2026, the Company anticipates increased capital
investment to support this increase in demand across the broader industry and to support continued adoption of AI and other
advanced technologies that are expected to continually reshape the financial services competitive landscape. These initiatives,
including enhanced automation, optimized global workforce distribution, and streamlined processes, are expected to




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
strengthen operational performance and support continued growth capacity. As the second-largest provider in the U.S. defined
contribution market, Empower anticipates ongoing organic growth and remains attentive to consolidation trends that may
create additional opportunities. The Company’s ongoing commitment to technological and financial innovation, customer-
focused service delivery, and operational excellence reinforces its competitive position and supports improved retirement
outcomes for a diverse range of plan sponsors and participants.
Wealth
Empower Personal Wealth provides retail wealth management to individual investors through its suite of financial solutions
including customized advisory services, IRAs, taxable account offerings, mass affluent and high-net-worth wealth
management. In 2026, Empower Personal Wealth expects to continue to drive growth through a hybrid approach that
integrates the expertise of financial advisors with sophisticated digital platforms. Active marketing efforts and an established
advisor distribution network to promote the Empower brand will complement these initiatives. It will continue to focus on
developing and expanding a broad range of product solutions, leveraging the Empower Personal Dashboard and Empower
Advisors. Amid rising demand for personalized wealth management services, Empower Personal Wealth is well positioned to
capture market share arising from the ongoing inter-generational transfer of wealth. Significant demographic shifts, including
the transition of assets from older to younger generations, are expected to drive sustained growth in advisory and digital
engagement opportunities. Empower’s combination of scalable technology, financial planning, and personalized advisory
solutions enables it to address evolving client expectations for integrated, goal focused wealth management.




36      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      23

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              B  23
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Canada
                                  The Canada segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
                                  The segment includes the operating results of the Canadian businesses operated by Canada Life, together with an allocation of
                                  a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results.
                                  Retirement
                                      Business            Group capital accumulation plans including:
                                      Profile             • Defined contribution pension plans
                                                          • Group RRSPs, RESPs & TFSAs
                                                          • Deferred profit sharing plans
                                                          • Non-registered savings programs invested in:
                                                             • Segregated funds
                                                             • Guaranteed investment options
                                                             • Single company stock
                                                          Retirement income plans including retirement income funds and life income funds
                                                          Investment management services only plans; invested in: Segregated funds, Guaranteed investment options and Securities
                                      Market              • Retirement plans to over 12,000 plan sponsors2
                                      Position            • 19% market share of group capital accumulation plans1
                                      Distribution        Group retirement and investment services products and services are distributed through brokers, consultants and financial security
                                                          advisors. Sales and service support are provided by an integrated team of over 100 employees, located in various offices across the
                                                          country.2
                                      Competitive         The group capital accumulation plan market in Canada is very competitive and is mainly comprised of three large insurance
                                      Conditions          carriers with significant market positions, a number of smaller companies operating nationally as well as some regional and niche
                                                          competitors. The Company has a significant market share of 19%2, which is supported by an extensive distribution network that
                                                          has access to a wide range of products and services. This strong market share position is a distinct advantage for competing
                                                          successfully in the Canadian group retirement market.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  1    As at December 31, 2024.
                                  2    As at December 31, 2025.

                                  Wealth
                                      Business            Savings and retirement income plans
                                      Profile             • RRSPs, TFSAs, RESPs, RRIFs & LIFs
                                                          • Non-registered savings programs
                                                          Invested in:
                                                          • Segregated funds & Mutual funds
                                                          • Securities (various forms of managed programs)
                                                          • Guaranteed investment options
                                      Market              An industry leader with 24% market share of individual segregated fund assets1
                                      Position
                                      Distribution        Wealth products and services are distributed through over 16,000 advisors1. Segregated fund products are distributed through
                                                          diverse, complementary channels, including advisors with a direct contract with Canada Life, MGAs and national accounts. The
                                                          Company participates in the MGA channel through Financial Horizons Group, distributing segregated fund products from across
                                                          the industry. The Company also offers mutual funds and securities accounts through its dealers Investment Planning Counsel (IPC),
                                                          Quadrus Investment Services, and LP Financial.
                                      Competitive         The individual wealth management marketplace is very competitive. The Company's main competitors include mutual fund
                                      Conditions          companies, insurance companies, banks, financial technology (Fintech) and investment advisors as well as other service and
                                                          professional organizations. Competition focuses on ease of doing business through technology, service, variety of investment
                                                          options, investment performance, product features, price (fees), compensation and financial strength. Individual Wealth
                                                          Management's strong partnership with financial advisors has been enhanced through the acquisitions of IPC and Value Partners,
                                                          providing important strategic advantages within the Canadian market.

                                  1    As of November 30, 2025.




                                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   37

                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           24

                                         B  24                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Group Benefits
    Business            Group Life and Health Benefits
    Profile             • Life, disability & critical illness
                        • Accidental death & dismemberment
                        • Dental
                        • Expatriate coverage
                        • Extended health care

                        Group Creditor
                        • Life, disability, job loss & critical illness

                        Specialty Products and Services
                        • Individual health, life and critical illness offered through the Freedom Experience
                        • Consult+™
                        • Teledoc Medical Experts™
                        • ContactTM
    Market              • Employee benefits to over 27,000 plan sponsors2
    Position            • 23% market share for employee benefit plans1
                        • Leading market share for creditor products with coverage provided to over 6 million plan members2
    Distribution        • Group life and health benefits are distributed through brokers, consultants, third party administrators/payers and financial
                          security advisors. Sales and service support are provided by an integrated team of over 600 employees, located in various offices
                          across the country.2
                        • Group creditor products and services are distributed primarily through large financial institutions and serviced through a
                          dedicated sales and service organization.
    Competitive         The group life and health benefits market in Canada is mainly comprised of three large group insurance carriers with significant
                        market positions, a number of smaller companies operating nationally and several regional and niche competitors. The Company
    Conditions          has a significant market share of 23%2, which is supported by an extensive distribution network that has access to a wide range
                        of products and services. This strong market share position is a distinct advantage for competing successfully in the Canadian




                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                        group insurance market.

1    As at December 31, 2024.
2    As at December 31, 2025.

Insurance & Annuities
    Business            Individual Life Insurance
    Profile             • Term life, universal life & participating life

                        Living Benefits
                        • Disability & critical illness

                        Retirement Income Plans
                        • Payout annuities & deferred annuities

    Market              • A leader in individual life insurance sales measured by new total premiums with over 12% market share1
    Position            • A significant provider of individual disability and critical illness insurance with over 9% market share of new sales1
                        • Largest open participating life insurance account in Canada, with more than $59 billion3 in account value.
    Distribution        Insurance and annuity products and services are distributed through 16,000 advisors2 that are contracted with Canada Life, MGAs
                        and national accounts, including IG Wealth Management, a member of the Power Corporation of Canada group of companies.
                        The Company participates in the MGA channel through Financial Horizons Group, distributing products from across the industry.
    Competitive         The individual insurance market remains highly competitive, with four major insurers accounting for the majority of new sales
                        across Canada. Competition in the Canadian individual insurance market focuses on service, technology, product features, price,
    Conditions          compensation and financial strength, as indicated by ratings issued by nationally recognized agencies. The Company's broad
                        spectrum of strong distribution relationships provide important strategic advantages within the Canadian market.

1    For the nine months ended September 30, 2025.
2    As of November 30, 2025.
3    As at December 31, 2024.


2025 Developments
•       In December 2025, IPC acquired the wealth assets of De Thomas Wealth Management, an independent wealth firm. This
        acquisition reinforces IPC’s long-term vision of becoming a premier destination for entrepreneurial advisors and supports
        IPC’s broader vision to expand its footprint and continue providing advisors with the independence, tools, platforms, and
        support they need to deliver an exceptional client experience.
•       The Company recorded a restructuring provision of $134 million during the second quarter of 2025. The restructuring is to
        support technology transformation, automation and overall efficiency initiatives for the Canada segment.


38      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      25

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      B  25
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  •          On February 12, 2025, the Company introduced changes to drive growth and support advisors in individual insurance and
                                             wealth. Directly affiliated advisors will be transitioning to the managing general agent model for new individual insurance
                                             business. Advisors will be able to use the same process, support team and tools for all their new business. A single advisor
                                             support team across Financial Horizons Group and Quadrus Investment Services has been created under the new banner,
                                             Advice Canada.
                                  •          In January 2025, the Company officially launched the Canada Life Commitment, a service guarantee for Group Benefits
                                             and Retirement plan sponsors. The 2025 survey resulted in 88% of respondents being satisfied with Canada Life's service.
                                  •          Advancing digital capabilities and leveraging artificial intelligence to deliver superior customer and plan sponsor
                                             experience, including:
                                             ▪     the launch of CaLi, Canada Life’s first AI assistant to Retirement and Group Benefits plan members who are registered
                                                   for My Canada Life at Work. Plan members can access CaLi to ask plan-specific questions and get instant support on
                                                   their benefits, savings and other technical inquiries at any time;
                                             ▪     the announcement of a partnership with RxFood to offer their clinical grade, AI-driven personalized nutrition app to
                                                   all plan members;
                                             ▪     the continued rollout of a new Disability Sponsor Portal, providing customers with real-time access to detailed
                                                   disability claim information; and
                                             ▪     the introduction of enhanced Retirement mobile app capabilities.
                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                            For the three months ended                            For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                              Dec. 31                 Dec. 31                       Dec. 31                Dec. 31




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                               2025                2024 (Restated)                   2025               2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                        Retirement                                                                    $                   46 $                       43      $                  176 $                    155
                                        Wealth                                                                                            65                         68                         237                      246
                                        Group Benefits                                                                                   169                        165                         673                      630
                                        Insurance & Annuities                                                                             77                         56                         251                      242
                                        Earnings on surplus                                                                               26                         29                         102                      141
                                        Other                                                                                             17                          1                          23                        4
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                           $                  400 $                      362      $              1,462 $                  1,418
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                 25                         15                         2                      222
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                              $                  425 $                      377      $              1,464 $                  1,640
                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  Base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 increased by $38 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      favourable Group Benefits and Individual Insurance experience;
                                      •      higher fee income due to higher assets resulting from market appreciation;
                                      •      changes in certain tax estimates in Other;
                                      •      partially offset by lower earnings on surplus from lower interest rates.
                                  Net earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 increased by $48 million compared to the same quarter last year. Items excluded
                                  from base earnings increased by $10 million to positive $25 million including:
                                      •      market experience relative to expectations was positive $30 million in the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to positive $9
                                             million in the prior year, primarily due to more favourable private equity performance and credit spread impact, partially
                                             offset by less favourable interest rate impacts.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, net earnings decreased by $176 million and base earnings increased by $44
                                  million compared to the same period last year. The increase in base earnings was primarily due to:
                                      •      higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable long-term disability experience;
                                      •      higher Retirement earnings from asset growth driven by market appreciation;
                                      •      changes in certain tax estimates in Other;
                                      •      partially offset by lower earnings on surplus from lower interest rates.

                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     39

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             26

                                            B  26                                                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Items excluded from base earnings were positive $2 million compared to positive $222 million for the same period last year,
primarily due to:
    •      a restructuring provision recorded in the second quarter of 2025;
    •      less favourable impact of assumption changes and management actions;
    •      less favourable interest rate and public equity impacts;
    •      partially offset by improved credit spread and private equity performance.
For the fourth quarter of 2025, net earnings attributable to the participating account was $39 million compared to net earnings
of $29 million for the same quarter last year, primarily due to higher investment income on surplus assets.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, the net earnings attributable to the participating account was $38 million
compared to net earnings of $104 million for the same period last year, primarily due to past experience variances impacting
earnings on surplus and restructuring costs and certain income tax-related items not recurring, partially offset by higher
investment income on surplus assets.


    Additional financial information
                                                                                         As at or for the three months ended                          For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                Dec. 31                  Dec. 31                        Dec. 31                  Dec. 31
                                                                                                 2025                 2024 (Restated)                    2025                 2024 (Restated)
    Sales1
        Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                        $                   100 $                      100     $                   389 $                      349
        Group Benefits (ASO & Other)1                                                                         19                        297                         352                        614
        Insurance & Annuities                                                                                146                        180                         494                        650




                                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Net asset flows1
      Retirement                                                                         $                 (213) $                       77 $                    (1,333) $                     414
      Wealth                                                                                              2,332                        (211)                      1,442                     (1,186)
    Net asset flows1                                                                     $                2,119 $                      (134) $                      109 $                     (772)

    Net fee and spread income1
      Retirement                                                                         $                   128 $                      118     $                   486 $                      448
      Wealth                                                                                                 248                        247                         936                        925
    Net fee and spread income1                                                           $                   376 $                      365     $                 1,422 $                   1,373

    Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & Other)                                    $                   111 $                      114     $                   425 $                      443
                                             2
    Assets under administration
      Assets under management or advisement2                                             $             214,765 $                  194,456
      Assets under administration only1                                                                  2,942                      2,888
    Total client assets2                                                                 $             217,707 $                  197,344

    Total assets under administration2,3                                                 $             330,917 $                  305,972

    Average client assets1
        Average client assets - Retirement                                               $               85,317 $                   78,788
        Average client assets - Wealth                                                                 130,387                    118,235
    Total average client assets1                                                         $             215,704 $                  197,023

    Contractual service margin
        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                        $                   513 $                      690
      Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                           1,731                      1,760
      Insurance & Annuities - Participating                                                               3,305                      3,024
    Contractual service margin                                                           $                5,549 $                    5,474

    Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                          $                7,527 $                    7,395
1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3       At December 31, 2025, Canada Life had $7.4 billion of proprietary mutual fund assets held by retail clients ($7.3 billion at December 31, 2024). $4.1 billion ($3.4 billion as at
        December 31, 2024) of these assets are consolidated as investment on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company's balance sheet.




40          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                27

                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                             B  27
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Sales
                                  Canada sales for the fourth quarter of 2025 decreased compared to the same period last year, primarily due to:
                                   •   Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales decreased by $278 million primarily due to the sale of the federal Pensioners' Dental
                                       Services Plan in 2024 with no similar sale in 2025;
                                   •   Insurance and annuities sales decreased by $34 million, primarily due to lower annuity sales and lower participating
                                       product sales.
                                  Canada sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 decreased compared to the same period last year, primarily due
                                  to:
                                   •   Group Benefits (ASO & Other) sales decreased by $262 million, due to the Pensioners' Dental Services sale with no similar
                                       sale in 2025, partially offset by improved creditor sales;
                                   •   Insurance and annuities sales decreased by $156 million due to the same reasons as described above for in-quarter results;
                                   •   The decreases were partially offset by increases in Group Benefits (Insured) sales of $40 million, primarily due to improved
                                       large case sales.
                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2025, net asset inflows were $2,119 million compared to net asset outflows of $134 million for the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to:
                                   •   a large asset acquisition deal with De Thomas Wealth Management and improved segregated fund flows in Wealth;
                                   •   partially offset by higher terminations in Retirement.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, net asset inflows were $109 million compared to net asset outflows of $772
                                  million for the same period last year, primarily due to the same reasons described above for in-quarter results.
                                  Outlook




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial
                                  Measures and Ratios at the beginning of this document.
                                  Retirement
                                  Major factors affecting the growth of the group retirement market include employment growth, the financial ability of workers
                                  to save for retirement and macroeconomic conditions such as interest rates and public equity market performance.
                                  In 2026, the Company plans to continue to make significant investments to improve customer experiences through enhanced
                                  digital capabilities, and improved sales support levels. The Company also plans to enhance its competitive position by
                                  improving operational effectiveness and resilience, and to enhance productivity as well as customer and employee experience
                                  by making further investments in workflow, automation, digital innovation and artificial intelligence.
                                  Growing the Freedom Experience remains a key area of focus as the Company seeks to provide customized solutions to
                                  increasingly unique customer needs. These products also serve to close any retirement savings gaps that members might
                                  experience with their current group coverage.
                                  Wealth
                                  The individual wealth management market in Canada is shared among banks, wealth advisory companies, life insurers and
                                  others, including growth in a number of digital wealth platforms. Major factors affecting the growth of this market include
                                  growth in private wealth, the pattern of wealth accumulation and decumulation, changes in the regulatory and legislative
                                  landscape and macroeconomic conditions such as the public equity market performance.
                                  The strong Canada Life brand, prudent business practices, the depth and breadth of its distribution channels, as well as the
                                  Company's reputation for strength and stability, positions the Company well for 2026 and beyond.
                                  In 2026, the Company will begin the integration of IPC and Quadrus mutual fund and securities dealers under a single dealer
                                  brand. This move, along with continued investments in business enablement technology and platform enhancements,
                                  underscores the Company's strategic long-term vision of being the premier destination for entrepreneurial advisors in Canada.
                                  The business will continue to competitively develop, price and market a comprehensive range of individual wealth
                                  management products while maintaining its focus on providing a leading platform to customers and independent advisors in
                                  all channels.
                                  Group Benefits
                                  Major factors affecting the growth of the group benefits market include employment growth, macroeconomic conditions such
                                  as medical expense inflation rates, and the changes in the regulatory and legislative landscape.



                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   41

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           28

                                       B  28                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


In 2026, the Company plans to continue its focus and investment in the disability offering and operations to support growth
and profitability in the group health market to improve customer experiences through enhanced digital capabilities, and
improved sales support levels. The Company also plans to enhance its competitive position by improving operational
effectiveness and resilience; and to enhance productivity as well as customer and employee experience by making further
investments in workflow, automation, digital innovation and artificial intelligence.
Growing the Freedom Experience has been a key area of focus as the Company seeks to provide customized solutions to
increasingly unique customer needs. These products also serve to close any benefits coverage gaps that members might
experience with their current group plan.
Insurance & Annuities
The insurance and annuities market in Canada is led by a few major players, with many other players participating in the
market. Major factors affecting the growth of this market, as well as the Company, include perceived need for life and health
protection, tax and estate planning, growth in private wealth, changes in the regulatory and legislative landscape and
macroeconomic conditions including interest rates and public equity market performance.
In 2026, the Company will continue to advance on business strategies of balancing growth with disciplined pricing and risk
selection. The business will continue to competitively develop, price and market a comprehensive range of individual
insurance products, while maintaining a strong focus on pricing and risk management discipline. The Company will also
continue to monitor and respond to the impacts of fluctuation in long-term interest rates and price compression. The
Company remains committed to supporting its advisors. Distribution channels will maximize the use of common tools,
processes and support, while tailoring support to specific needs of advisors, where appropriate. The business will continue to
enhance its competitive position by focusing on improving advisor, customer and employee experience with investments in
new business and underwriting workflow and simplification of processes. Also, it will continue to focus on delivering a
seamless, digitally led experience for advisors, customers, and employees from point of initial engagement through to claims
settlement, with quick and transparent servicing.




                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Operational expense management continues to be critically important for the Canada segment to deliver strong financial
results. The business will seek to achieve this through disciplined expense controls and effective implementation of efficiency
initiatives. Management has identified key areas of focus for these initiatives to facilitate efficiency gains balancing with
supporting organic growth, including continuing to invest in digital and artificial intelligence solutions to support advisors and
customers, while addressing its legacy administration systems and processes to gain efficiency.

Europe
The Europe segment comprises four distinct lines of business: Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities.
The segment serves customers in the United Kingdom (U.K.) and Germany operating under the Canada Life brand and in
Ireland under the Irish Life brand along with other acquired brands within the intermediary and wealth markets in Ireland. The
segment's results also include an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's Corporate results.
Retirement
Business              Ireland - Group Pensions
Profile
Market                Ireland - Group DC schemes market share 40%1 (estimated)
Position
Distribution          Ireland
                      • Pension consultants (including owned pension consultants)
                      • Direct sales force made up of primarily self-employed tied agents and a smaller employed sales team
                      • Brokers (including owned brokers)
                      • Benefit Consultants
                      • Direct relationships
Competitive           The Irish defined contribution market continues to evolve at pace, with the Institutions for Occupational Retirement Provision (IORP
                      II) driven consolidation accelerating the transition toward modern master trust solutions, with competition from domestic and
Conditions            multinational life insurers (including master trust sponsors), pension master trusts backed by global asset managers or consultants,
                      and employee benefits consultancies. This shift is creating meaningful opportunities for providers that can demonstrate strong
                      governance, high-quality member engagement and well-designed default strategies. Organizations with trusted adviser
                      partnerships, robust operational foundations and in-house investment expertise are well placed to win larger scheme transitions
                      and multi-employer mandates, as employers increasingly prioritize resilience and long-term member outcomes.
                      Irish Life is the largest provider of group pensions in Ireland with an estimated market share of 40% as measured by members1,
                      and with fund management services provided mainly by Irish Life Investment Managers (ILIM). Public policy and regulation has
                      driven significant market activity in recent years, most notably the introduction of IORPII resulting in most employers moving to a
                      ‘master trust’ arrangement and the introduction of Auto Enrollment with effect from January 1, 2026. These drivers have been
                      positive for Irish Life, through acquisition of new employer accounts, growth in membership and contribution flow from existing
                      accounts and increased operational efficiency from the master trust design.
                      The policy landscape is expected to remain active, with ‘in scheme drawdown’ the likely next significant market development, and
                      Irish Life’s existing post-retirement proposition and advice capability are an advantage in this context.

1 At December 31, 2025.


42    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      29

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     B  29
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Wealth
                                                           U.K.                                     Ireland                                                                                 Germany
                                      Business             • International bonds                    • Individual pensions                                                                   • Pensions & variable
                                                           • Retirement drawdown & pension,         • Individual wealth management services                                                   annuities (GMWB)
                                      Profile                onshore bonds (closed to new business) • Individual savings and investment
                                                                                                    • Institutional investment management
                                      Market               • A market leading international life    • ILA is the largest Life & Pensions business in Ireland                                • 2.6% share of the
                                                             company selling into the U.K. market   • Unio is one of Ireland's leading wealth management                                      broker market (as at Q3
                                      Position               with over 26% market share  1          companies                                                                                 2025)
                                      Distribution         • Financial advisors & Private banks                    • Independent brokers (including owned brokers)                          • Independent brokers &
                                                                                                                   • Pension and investment consultants                                       multi-tied agents
                                                                                                                   • Direct sales force made up of primarily self-employed
                                                                                                                     tied agents and a smaller employed sales team
                                                                                                                   • Direct digital and contact centre
                                                                                                                   • Tied bank branch distribution
                                      Competitive          The European individual wealth market remains dynamic and diverse, with banks, insurers, asset managers, platforms and fintechs
                                      Conditions           all innovating to meet evolving client expectations. Demand is growing for tax efficient solutions and seamless digital experiences,
                                                           alongside the ongoing consolidation of the broker and adviser market which is reshaping distribution economics and scale
                                                           advantages. There is also meaningful growth potential as personal wealth continues to be accumulated in non-life products and
                                                           on open investment platforms, creating opportunities to capture greater wallet share through integrated propositions. Providers
                                                           able to combine strong investment performance with intuitive customer engaging digital platforms, effective adviser support and
                                                           high levels of trust and service are well positioned to deepen relationships with mass affluent and affluent clients. This
                                                           environment rewards firms that can differentiate through customer centric design, financial strength, and long-term client
                                                           engagement.
                                                           Canada Life U.K. International Wealth’s product offering that have led to market leading sales continue to have a strong appeal.
                                                           The success has been driven by breadth and depth of the product range, features and investment options, jurisdictional choice,
                                                           service, technical support, and relationship excellence, as well as competitive pricing. Policies implemented by the U.K.
                                                           Government, as a result of the October 2024 U.K. budget, continue to strengthen the specific benefits of the international bond
                                                           offering relative to domestic financial products in this sector.
                                                           The move of insurance companies from traditional German insurance products with guarantees to the unitized lighter guarantee
                                                           product categories that Canada Life offers continues to increase the level of competition. The Company has enhanced its ongoing




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                           product, technology and service offerings to help strengthen its position in the German market. In 2026, Canada Life in Germany
                                                           will focus on growth and diversification in products and services, efficiency through automation using technology and artificial
                                                           intelligence partnerships and enhancing the experience of the independent financial advisor and customer using digital
                                                           applications. Occupational pensions are a major growth theme in Germany and the Company intends to use its franchise and
                                                           technologies to add value to small and medium-size business segments where there is significant pension under coverage in
                                                           Germany. The Company has been successful in building a presence in the pensions market by leveraging its unitized with profits
                                                           (UWP) competency and in 2026, will continue to explore alternative solutions that are less capital intensive while still meeting
                                                           customer and advisor needs. Within Wealth, the intermediary division of Irish Life provides wealth services to individuals. This is
                                                           through Unio, which along with an affiliated company, oversees approximately $23 billion (€14 billion) of assets on behalf of
                                                           Retirement and Wealth.

                                  1    Market share position is based on Acuity U.K. Index Q3 2025.

                                  Group Benefits
                                                           U.K.                                                    Ireland                                                                  Germany
                                      Business             • Group life insurance                                  • Group and individual health insurance                                    n/a
                                                           • Group income protection (disability)                  • Group critical illness, income Protection and Life
                                      Profile              • Group critical illness                                • Group DC pension
                                      Market               • Group life market share 21%1                • Life assurance market share 50%3                             n/a
                                                           • Group income protection market share        • Group Benefits third largest health insurance business
                                      Position               12%2                                           through Irish Health with a market share of 20%4
                                      Distribution         • Financial advisors                          • Independent brokers (including owned brokers)                n/a
                                                           • Employee benefit consultants                • Direct sales force made up of primarily self-employed
                                                                                                            tied agents and a smaller employed sales team
                                                                                                         • Direct digital and contact centre
                                      Competitive          The group life, disability and health benefits markets across Europe remain highly adviser driven and vibrant, with consultants and
                                                           brokers playing a central role in shaping employer decisions, with competition from large insurers writing group risk, specialist
                                      Conditions           group risk carriers, private medical insurers, mutuals and friendly societies, digital benefits platforms, and multinational employee
                                                           benefit networks. Employers are increasingly focused on integrated wellbeing solutions, proactive absence management and data
                                                           enabled claims processes that enhance employee experience. Providers that offer price discipline, operational reliability, and the
                                                           ability to support multinational clients with cross-border servicing and consolidated reporting are well positioned to strengthen
                                                           partnerships and grow share across all segments.
                                                           In the U.K., Canada Life is one of the largest insurers in the group protection market. The top four participants in this market
                                                           comprise the majority market share measured by in-force premium. Pricing competition remains high in this market. Irish Life is
                                                           the largest life assurance company in Ireland with a market share estimated at 50%3 at year end, with changes driven by
                                                           competitive success in the voluntary and corporate scheme market. Irish Life Health is one of the main insurers in the Irish market
                                                           and provides access to healthcare through its health insurance plans that offer preventative health benefits through a combination
                                                           of innovative digital and in-person services. In late 2024, a fourth health insurer launched in the already competitive Irish market.
                                                           The intermediary division of Irish Life provides employee benefits consultancy to companies in Ireland through Unio Employee
                                                           Benefits and Cornmarket Group Financial Services. Cornmarket Group is the largest provider of financial services to public sector
                                                           employees in Ireland, while Unio Employee Benefits operates predominately in the private sector.
                                  1    Market share position is based on Swiss Re Year End 2024.
                                  2    As at December 31, 2025.Market share position is based on Swiss Re Year End 2024.
                                  3    As at December 31, 2025. This is the total Irish Life Assurance share of the Life, Pensions & Investments market.
                                  4    As at September 30, 2025 based on figures reported by the Health Insurance Authority.

                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   43

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           30

                                          B  30                                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Insurance & Annuities
                            U.K.                                                   Ireland                                                               Germany
    Business                • Bulk payout annuities                                • Individual and bulk payout annuities                                • Individual life insurance
                            • Individual payout annuities                          • Individual protection products                                      • Income protection
    Profile                 • Fixed term annuities                                                                                                         (disability)
                            • Equity release mortgages                                                                                                   • Critical illness
    Market                  • Payout annuities market share 13%                    • Market leader with total market share of 31%3                       •
                                                                                                                                                           6.5% share of the
                              (advisor only)1                                      • Individual life insurance with 22% market share4                      broker market6
    Position                • A leading company in the equity                      • Number one position in bulk annuities with over 62%
                              release market with 14.5% market                       market share5
                              share2
    Distribution            • Independent brokers                                  • Independent brokers (including owned brokers)                       • Independent brokers
                            • Multi-tied agents                                    • Direct sales force made up of primarily self-employed               • Multi-tied agents
                                                                                     tied agents and a smaller employed sales team
                                                                                   • Direct digital and contact centre
                                                                                   • Tied bank branch distribution
    Competitive             Competition across individual protection and bulk annuities remains active, supporting ongoing innovation in underwriting,
                            pricing, asset sourcing, reinsurance, and customer experience, with competitors including retail protection writers across direct,
    Conditions              adviser and bank assurance channels, specialist annuity providers (individual and bulk), composite insurers active in longevity
                            solutions, and reinsurers that influence pricing and capacity. Providers with broad product suites, deep underwriting capability and
                            strong capital positions are well placed to meet customer needs as the market grows. Increasing adoption of streamlined digital
                            and medical underwriting, straight-through processing and enhanced claims management creates opportunities for firms that can
                            blend efficiency with high-quality service, ultimately improving time-to-cover and customer outcomes while reinforcing
                            competitive differentiation.
                            Canada Life in the U.K. has benefited in recent years from an increase in the proportion of customers who are seeking the best
                            price in the open market and buying annuities through financial advisors, which is the Company’s primary distribution channel.
                            The Company continues to offer both standard and enhanced annuities for customers wanting to take advantage of pension
                            flexibility. Following the rise of interest rates from historic lows, the market has grown and is highly competitive with new entrants
                            launching their annuity propositions.
                            Canada Life U.K. offers bulk annuities aimed at trustees of defined benefits plans who want to insure pension scheme liabilities.
                            This is a large and growing market and the demand from trustees continues to increase as pension scheme funding levels have
                            improved in recent years and because corporate sponsors wish to remove scheme liabilities from their balance sheet. With
                            considerable expertise and experience in longevity and investment products, the Company is well placed in the bulk annuity




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                            market. In 2025, the U.K. bulk annuity market saw one new entrant (who is now due to merge with an existing participant) and
                            another existing participant being acquired by a large European savings and retirement group. Furthermore, several participants
                            have established strategic partnerships for asset sourcing. While these factors are likely to add to market supply, the impact on
                            competition will be limited by the continued strong growth in demand and investments being made in Canada Life U.K.’s bulk
                            annuity business.
                            The demand for the Canada Life U.K. equity release products has stabilised in 2025 as the market has adjusted to the higher
                            interest rate environment.

1    Market share based on data for the nine months ended September 30, 2025 through financial advisors, restricted whole market advisors and non-advised distributor.
2    Market share based on Equity Release Council market statistics for the nine months ended September 30, 2025.
3    As at July 31, 2025. This is the total Irish Life Assurance share of the Life, Pensions & Investments market.
4    As at July 31, 2025.
5    As at December 12, 2025.
6    Market share based on data for the nine months ended September 30, 2025.

2025 Developments
•       In the fourth quarter of 2025, Canada Life U.K. wrote approximately $1.5 billion (£0.8 billion) of new bulk annuity business,
        $1.8 billion (£1.0 billion) for the full year of 2025, despite challenging market conditions. Transaction sizes ranged from
        approximately $76 million to $611 million (£41 million to £330 million), demonstrating the business’s capability and
        competitiveness across multiple segments of the market.
•       In the fourth quarter of 2025, Canada Life U.K. successfully onboarded two schemes involving the transition of deferred
        members from single policies held by trustees to individual policies for each member. This represented a significant
        milestone in strengthening post-transaction capabilities and building a robust track record in the bulk annuity market. The
        volume of deals coming to market in 2025 was lower than expected due to pension scheme trustees considering their
        endgame options and capacity constraints of pension scheme administrators. However, this is only expected to be a
        temporary reduction in deal volumes versus expectations as securing pension scheme liabilities is still considered to be the
        optimum endgame solution, and as further investment is made in pension scheme administration to cope with greater
        volumes of schemes approaching the market. Canada Life U.K. and Countrywide Assured have jointly submitted an
        application to the High Court of Justice of England and Wales for approval of a Part VII transfer of a closed portfolio of
        unit-linked bonds and legacy pension business from Canada Life U.K. to Countrywide Assured. The transfer is now
        expected to complete in 2026, subject to Court approval. The High Court hearing originally scheduled for November 27,
        2025 has been postponed. A revised hearing date and updated implementation timeline will be communicated once
        confirmed in 2026.




44       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        31

                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     B  31
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  •          In the fourth quarter of 2025, Canada Life U.K. offshore bond sales amounted to $1.1 billion (£0.6 billion). International
                                             bond sales reached $5.2 billion (£2.8 billion) for the full year, representing the highest annual sales achieved since
                                             inception.
                                  •          In the fourth quarter of 2025, Canada Life Germany continued to enhance and develop its product offering that drives its
                                             diversification agenda. With input from its broker partners in 2025, the business will see new insurance and capital light
                                             solutions launched in 2026 to support them in meeting the needs of their customers. The restructuring of the business’s
                                             management team also completed during the quarter with the appointment of both distribution and proposition officers
                                             whose focus will be to develop and deliver on the Company’s ambitions into 2026 and beyond.
                                  Selected Financial Information
                                      Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                                                            For the three months ended                            For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                              Dec. 31                 Dec. 31                       Dec. 31                Dec. 31
                                                                                                                               2025                2024 (Restated)                   2025               2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1
                                          Retirement                                                                  $                    10 $                       8      $                   35 $                     34
                                          Wealth                                                                                           66                        50                         244                      184
                                          Group Benefits                                                                                   54                        60                         261                      189
                                          Insurance & Annuities                                                                            91                       107                         379                      393
                                          Earnings on surplus                                                                              35                        35                         104                      146
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                           $                   256 $                     260      $              1,023 $                      946
                                          Items excluded from base earnings                                                              (128)                        79                     (414)                       (16)
                                      Net earnings - common shareholders                                              $                  128 $                      339      $                  609 $                    930




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  Base and net earnings
                                  Base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 decreased by $4 million compared to the same quarter last year. The decrease in
                                  base earnings is primarily due to:
                                      •      lower Group Benefits earnings from unfavourable group benefits experience in the U.K. partially offset by favourable group
                                             mortality experience in Ireland;
                                      •      lower Insurance & Annuities earnings due to Ireland’s less favourable individual protection experience and lower Equity
                                             release mortgage (ERM) origination fees in the UK;
                                      •      partially offset by higher Wealth earnings from higher fee income driven by client assets growth and the positive impact of
                                             currency movements across all lines of business.
                                  Net earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 decreased by $211 million compared to the same quarter last year. Items excluded
                                  from base earnings decreased by $207 million to negative $128 million primarily due to:
                                      •      unfavourable impact of assumption changes and management actions. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and
                                             Management Actions" section for additional details;
                                      •      unfavourable market experience relative to expectations compared to positive impact in the prior year, primarily due to
                                             the impact of changes in risk free interest rates;
                                      •      negative business transformation and other impacts, primarily due to higher restructuring costs.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, net earnings of $609 million decreased by $321 million compared to the same
                                  period last year. Base earnings of $1,023 million increased by $77 million compared to the same period last year, primarily due
                                  to:
                                      •      higher Group Benefits earnings from favourable experience in the U.K. and Ireland;
                                      •      higher Wealth earnings from higher fee income driven by client assets growth;
                                      •      positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business;
                                      •      partially offset by lower earnings on surplus resulting from dividends paid to the parent holding company and lower
                                             trading gains.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings were negative $414 million compared to negative $16 million for the same period last year,
                                  primarily due to:
                                      •      more unfavourable assumption changes and management actions. Refer to the "Assumption Changes and Management
                                             Actions" section for additional details;


                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     45

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             32

                                            B  32                                                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


    •      unfavourable market experience relative to expectations compared to a positive impact in the prior year, primarily due to
           the impact of a reduction in credit spreads in the U.K. and from changes in risk free interest rates; and
    •      negative business transformation and other impacts, primarily due to higher restructuring costs.
    Additional financial information
                                                                                          As at or for the three months ended                  For the twelve months ended
                                                                                              Dec. 31                    Dec. 31                 Dec. 31                   Dec. 31
                                                                                               2025                   2024 (Restated)             2025                  2024 (Restated)
    Sales1
        Group Benefits (Insured)1                                                        $                 76 $                     65    $                 333 $                    262
        Insurance & Annuities                                                                           2,194                      479                    4,578                    4,294

    Net asset flows1
      Retirement                                                                         $                217 $                    131    $              1,498 $                     969
      Wealth                                                                                             (338)                   1,203                  (2,468)                    9,006
      Insurance & Annuities                                                                                 22                      19                       82                       60
    Net asset flows1                                                                     $                 (99) $                1,353    $                   (888) $             10,035
                                          1
    Net fee and spread income
      Retirement                                                                         $                 29 $                     27    $                   118 $                    109
      Wealth                                                                                              162                      144                        619                      543
    Net fee and spread income1                                                           $                191 $                    171    $                   737 $                    652

    Assets under administration2
        Assets under management or advisement2                                           $           290,863 $                256,126
        Assets under administration only1                                                               5,318                    4,582




                                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total client assets2                                                                 $           296,181 $                260,708

    Total assets under administration2,3                                                 $           355,415 $                316,739

    Average client assets1
        Average client assets - Retirement                                               $            37,503 $                 33,230
        Average client assets - Wealth                                                               254,148                  224,167
    Total average client assets1                                                         $           291,651 $                257,397

    Contractual service margin
        Insurance & Annuities - Non-Participating                                        $              3,866 $                  3,664
        Wealth - Segregated Funds                                                                       1,487                    1,531
    Contractual service margin                                                           $              5,353 $                  5,195

    Group Benefits in-force premiums (Insured)1                                          $              3,027 $                  2,671
1       Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
2       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
3       At December 31, 2025, total assets under administration excludes $23.7 billion of assets managed for other business units within the Lifeco group of companies ($19.1 billion at
        December 31, 2024).

Sales
Europe sales for the fourth quarter of 2025 increased compared to the same period last year primarily due to:
    •      Group Benefits (Insured) sales increased by $11 million, primarily due to higher Irish group and health sales;
    •      Insurance and annuities sales increased by $1,715 million, mainly due to strong bulk annuity and higher individual
           annuity sales in the U.K.; and
    •      the positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business.
Europe sales for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 increased compared to the same period last year primarily due
to:
    •      Group Benefits (Insured) sales increased by $71 million, primarily due to strong corporate and voluntary income
           protection sales in Ireland;
    •      Insurance and annuities sales increased by $284 million, primarily due to higher individual annuity and equity release
           mortgage sales in the U.K., as well as increased bulk annuity sales in Ireland, partially offset by lower bulk annuity sales in
           the U.K.; and
    •      the positive impact of currency movements across all lines of business.

46          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           33

                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B  33
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Net asset flows
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2025, net asset outflows were $0.1 billion compared to net asset inflows of $1.4 billion for the same
                                  quarter last year, primarily due to:
                                      •   the ongoing transfer of the U.K. Scottish Friendly book of business in Wealth, reflecting an additional $692 million
                                          transferred in the fourth quarter after an initial transfer in July 2025 as well as further outflows related to an institutional
                                          client who has decided to manage these funds itself following a recent acquisition;
                                      •   partially offset by positive wealth net inflows in individual pension and savings and retirement products in Retirement, as
                                          well as the impact of currency movement.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, net asset outflows were $0.9 billion compared to net asset inflows of $10.0
                                  billion for the same period last year, primarily due to:
                                      •   an institutional client withdrawal in Ireland with minimal revenue impact;
                                      •   the transfer of U.K.’s Scottish Friendly book in Wealth.
                                  These items were partially offset by:
                                      •   positive net wealth inflows in individual pension and savings and retirement in Retirement; and
                                      •   the impact of currency movements.
                                  Outlook
                                  Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial
                                  Measures and Ratios at the beginning of this document.
                                  Retirement
                                  • In 2026, Irish Life will maintain a strong focus on both corporate engagement and individual pension markets, building on
                                      its leading position in workplace retirement solutions. Irish Life's strategy centres on deepening relationships with




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      employers while expanding its reach among individual customers, ensuring Irish Life remains the provider of choice for
                                      pension solutions in a rapidly evolving landscape. The introduction of the national auto-enrolment pension scheme in
                                      January 2026 will support further expansion of the Company's reach, creating new opportunities to support a broader
                                      customer base.
                                  •       Irish Life intends to strengthen its position in the corporate and individual markets through significant investment in
                                          integrated customer management platforms and a multichannel distribution model, enabling seamless access to
                                          retirement solutions for clients. The Company will harness digital transformation, data and AI to deliver personalised
                                          pension experiences and to respond proactively to regulatory and market developments. Irish Life’s flagship Empower
                                          Master Trust is the largest in the Irish market at approximately $16 billion (€10 billion) funds under management as at
                                          December 31, 2025.
                                  Wealth
                                  • In 2026, Canada Life U.K’s International Wealth will focus on maintaining its position as one of the market leaders in the
                                     single premium international investment bond marketplace. The Company’s distribution strategy for wealth will remain
                                     focused on financial advisors and maintaining relationships with institutional partners. The longer-term strategy is to
                                     transform the Wealth business from a product-focused business to a customer-focused business where Canada Life can
                                     support its customers during the ‘key moments that matter’ across its customers’ lifetimes, including both accumulation
                                     and decumulation phases.
                                  •       In 2026, Irish Life aims to continue to focus on Ireland’s growing wealth opportunity by expanding the Unio Wealth
                                          Management brand, evolving its innovative savings and investment solutions for individual customers, and strengthening
                                          partnerships with its intermediary network. This ambition is supported by the launch of the ‘Platform Quarter’, a market-
                                          first broker platform that delivers a single, seamless digital access point for both life and non-life investment solutions.
                                  •       The Company has a competitive position among providers of low guarantee unitized products to the German independent
                                          intermediary market. The move of insurance companies from traditional German insurance products with guarantees to
                                          the unitized lighter guarantee product categories that Canada Life offers continues to increase the level of competition.
                                          The Company has enhanced its ongoing product, technology and service offerings to help strengthen its position in the
                                          German market. In 2026, Canada Life in Germany will focus on growth and diversification in products and services,
                                          efficiency through automation using technology and artificial intelligence partnerships and enhancing the experience of
                                          the independent financial advisor and customer using digital applications. Occupational pensions are a major growth
                                          theme in Germany and the Company intends to use its franchise and technologies to add value to small and medium-size
                                          business segments where there is significant pension under coverage in Germany. The Company has been successful in
                                          building a presence in the pensions market by leveraging its unitized with profits (UWP) competency and in 2026, will
                                          continue to explore alternative solutions that are less capital intensive while still meeting customer and advisor needs.

                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   47

                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           34

                                          B  34                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Group Benefits
• In 2026, Canada Life U.K.’s group protection business will focus on enhancing delivery to customers through improved
   servicing, strengthened claims handling capability and continued development of valuable support service propositions.
   Modernizing systems and processes will support improved customer experience as well as efficient growth in premium
   income, particularly in the Company's target small and medium-sized enterprises sector.
•    In 2026, Irish Life will continue to strengthen its leadership in Group Benefits where its fully integrated suite of Risk and
     Employee Benefits solutions empowers employers to deliver pensions, risk, health, and wellness benefits through a single
     trusted provider. Irish Life remain committed to delivering seamless, personalised experiences through the launch of a
     unified employer dashboard, providing a holistic view of all benefits offered to employees. From an employee perspective,
     the Company's ‘single front door’ digital platform offers individuals a consolidated view of all products they hold, whether
     through their employer or independently.
Insurance & Annuities
• In 2026, both Canada Life U.K. and Irish Life will focus on maintaining their share of the retail payout annuities market
    while investing in customer service systems. Canada Life U.K. retail payout annuities competitive position is expected to be
    supported by product developments on fixed term annuities and enhanced annuities which both went live in the fourth
    quarter of 2025.
•    Canada Life U.K. will continue to further develop its offerings and capability in the bulk annuity market in 2026, extending
     the offering across a wider range of the market. Medium-term demand is expected to remain strong in this market as
     scheme funding ratios mean de-risking is accessible for a higher proportion of schemes than in previous years.
•    The underlying customer demand for Canada Life U.K. equity release products remains strong, supporting expectations of
     continued growth going forward.
•    Irish Life continues to compete successfully in the Irish protection market through product innovation, broad distribution




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     reach and service offerings. Market share was at 22% in the third quarter of 2025.
•    Irish Life competed well in new bulk annuity opportunities that came to market, with an overall market share of 62%.
•    At Irish Life, product development on deferred annuity products continues in line with expectations. This is an important
     offering to expand the Company's footprint in the bulk annuity market, aligns with its strategic plans and helps to stabilize
     Contractual Service Margin. In the absence of a clear deferred annuity solution, many trustees adopted a wait and see
     approach to transactions. With revenue clarity coming in the fourth quarter of 2025, the market is expected to develop
     further in 2026, with significant growth in deal volume expected.
•    In 2026, Canada Life in Germany will continue to develop its data and customer facing digital capabilities and will grow its
     customer portal further to make it easier for customers to access their plan information. The Company will also continue
     its deployment of automation across the customer journey with the use of AI supported technologies. Through its
     associated investment in a broker consolidator in Germany, the Company will continue to explore opportunities across the
     country to acquire brokerages that would generate accretive value to the existing business.

Capital and Risk Solutions
The Capital and Risk Solutions segment includes Lifeco's reinsurance business and an allocation of a portion of Lifeco's
Corporate results. Capital and Risk Solutions also includes the results for the Company's legacy international businesses.
At Lifeco, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment results are included in the Insurance & Risk Solutions line of business.




48   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      35

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  35
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                      Business            Life, Health and Annuity
                                      Profile             • Yearly renewable term, co-insurance, modified co-insurance and risk & capital management solutions

                                                          Longevity
                                                          • Longevity swaps & capital management solutions

                                                          Mortgage and Surety Reinsurance
                                                          • Stop loss and quota share

                                                          Property and Casualty
                                                          • Catastrophe retrocession & capital management solutions

                                                          Funded Reinsurance
                                                          • Coinsurance of life and annuity blocks with assets
                                      Market              • Largest group life reinsurer and 7th largest individual life reinsurer in the U.S. by in force volumes1
                                      Position            • Leading provider of capital solutions in the U.S. and Europe markets
                                                          • Established provider of U.K. and European longevity reinsurance
                                                          • Long-standing provider of a range of property and casualty catastrophe retrocession coverages

                                      Distribution        • Independent reinsurance brokers
                                                          • Direct placements
                                      Competitive         In the U.S. life reinsurance market, insurers continue to view reinsurance as an important tool for risk and capital management.
                                      Conditions          Several competitors are now focusing on growing their market share, which has resulted in increased competition. Nevertheless, a
                                                          biennial independent industry survey released in July 2025 confirmed that the Company remains one of the top providers of risk
                                                          and capital management solutions in the U.S. market. The Company’s combination of financial strength and expertise with capital
                                                          solutions continues to be a competitive advantage.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                          In Europe, Solvency II dominates the regulatory landscape and interest in reinsurance solutions that produce capital benefits
                                                          continues to grow. Demand for longevity and asset intensive reinsurance remains strong in the U.K., the Netherlands and other
                                                          continental European countries. As a result, there are now more reinsurers participating in the European market.
                                                          The Company's main competitors include other large reinsurance companies primarily in North America and Europe.

                                  1    As at December 31, 2024.

                                  2025 Developments
                                  •       Through Canada Life Reinsurance, the Capital and Risk Solutions segment continued to grow by providing tailored
                                          solutions to customers while increasing diversification within the portfolio. In 2025, the Capital and Risk Solutions
                                          segment continued to prioritize core products with superior risk-adjusted returns and competitive advantage in the U.S.
                                          and Europe, while expanding its international presence in targeted new markets. In 2025, the Company seized
                                          opportunities in the market and executed numerous strategic transactions, primarily in the capital solutions line of
                                          business.
                                  •       On June 25, 2025, the Company announced changes to its business strategy. The Capital and Risk Solutions segment
                                          ceased new business for its U.S. traditional life mortality risk reinsurance line of business in order to increase focus on core
                                          markets of structured solutions, longevity reinsurance and catastrophe retrocession.
                                  •       The Company offers property catastrophe coverage to reinsurance companies and as a result, the Company is exposed to
                                          potential claims arising from major weather events and other catastrophic events, primarily hurricanes, windstorms and
                                          earthquakes. In the first quarter of 2025, the Company established a provision for estimated claims from the wildfires in
                                          California however does not expect significant claims from other catastrophe events occurring in 2025. In addition, in the
                                          fourth quarter of 2025, the Company had favourable claims developments on prior years’ catastrophe provisions. The
                                          Company continues to monitor potential impacts of recent geopolitical conflicts, which are not currently expected to have
                                          a material effect on financial results.
                                  •       The Company is in progress of exiting a legacy international insurance business.




                                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   49

                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           36

                                         B  36                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Selected Financial Information
    Base earnings and net earnings
                                                                                           For the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                            Dec. 31                Dec. 31                      Dec. 31                   Dec. 31
                                                                                             2025               2024 (Restated)                  2025                  2024 (Restated)
    Base earnings (loss)1
      Reinsurance                                                                     $                238 $                     214     $                    894 $                   798
      Earnings on surplus                                                                               20                        18                           71                      58
    Base earnings (loss)1                                                             $                258 $                     232 $                         965 $                856
        Items excluded from base earnings                                                               (55)                      (29)                        (104)                (200)
    Net earnings - common shareholders                                                $                203 $                     203     $                    861 $                   656

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

Base and net earnings
Base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 increased by $26 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily driven
by:
    •      Capital Solutions new business growth; and
    •      modest unfavourable insurance experience as a result of fourth quarter seasonality and benefit of a diversified portfolio.
Net earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 were comparable to the same quarter last year. Items excluded from base earnings
for the fourth quarter of 2025 were negative $55 million compared to negative $29 million for the same period last year
primarily due to:
    •      negative impact from a management action relating to an international legacy insurance portfolio; and




                                                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    •      the impact of interest rate and credit spread relative to expectations.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, net earnings increased by $205 million and base earnings increased by $109
million compared to the same period last year primarily due to the same reasons discussed for the in-quarter results.
Items excluded from base earnings for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 were negative $104 million compared to
negative $200 million for the same period last year, primarily due to:
    •      the change in net impact of actuarial assumption updates; and
    •      the impact of interest rate and credit spread movements relative to expectations.
    Additional financial information
                                                                                       As at or for the three months ended                    For the twelve months ended
                                                                                            Dec. 31                Dec. 31                      Dec. 31                   Dec. 31
                                                                                             2025               2024 (Restated)                  2025                  2024 (Restated)
    Run-rate insurance results by product
        Capital Solutions                                                             $                164 $                     112     $                    556 $                   431
        Risk Solutions (excl. P&C)                                                                      94                        93                          372                     347
        P&C and other                                                                                   21                        22                           81                      83
    Total run-rate insurance results1                                                 $                279 $                     227     $               1,009 $                      861

    Total balance sheet assets                                                        $            11,694 $                  11,708

    Contractual service margin
        Reinsurance - Non-Participating                                               $              2,430 $                   2,436
        Reinsurance - Participating                                                                      1                         1
    Contractual service margin                                                        $              2,431 $                   2,437

1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.




50         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             37

                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                      B  37
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Outlook
                                  Refer to Cautionary Note regarding Forward-looking Information and Cautionary Note regarding Non-GAAP Financial
                                  Measures and Ratios at the beginning of this document.
                                  Insurance & Risk Solutions
                                  U.S. demand for Capital Solutions continues to create expanded opportunities for reinsurance.
                                  The Company's Capital and Risk Solutions segment continues to help its clients and other affiliated companies meet capital
                                  challenges through innovative reinsurance solutions. Demand for capital solutions remains strong and will remain a focus for
                                  2026.
                                  Internationally, Canada Life continues to explore opportunities where the Company's reinsurance solutions can support
                                  clients in new geographies and execute a number of value generating transactions. Measured international expansion will
                                  remain a focus in 2026.
                                  Atlantic hurricane season was benign in 2025 and as a result, loss activity was limited despite the California wildfires at the start
                                  of the year. The Company expects property retrocessional pricing to come under further pressure in 2026 in the absence of
                                  major loss events. The Company continues to focus on supporting its core client base and prioritizing prudent attachment
                                  levels.

                                  Corporate
                                  The Corporate segment includes operating results for activities of Lifeco that are not associated with the major business units of
                                  the Company. These items include:
                                  •          certain overhead expenses, earnings on surplus, financing charges and related taxes not directly associated with the
                                             operations of the major business units of the Company;




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •          the results of PanAgora;
                                  •          dividend income from shareholdings in Franklin Resources, Inc. (Franklin Templeton); and
                                  •          the results of the U.S. insurance portfolio including a retained block of life insurance, predominately participating policies,
                                             which are now administered by Protective Life, as well as a closed life retrocession block and guaranteed lifetime
                                             withdrawal benefit (GLWB) product.
                                  Selected Financial Information - Corporate
                                                                                                                            For the three months ended                            For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                              Dec. 31              Dec. 31                          Dec. 31              Dec. 31
                                                                                                                               2025             2024 (Restated)                      2025             2024 (Restated)
                                      Base earnings (loss)1                                                           $                 (109) $             (120)            $                (383) $             (436)
                                        Items excluded from base earnings                                                                (16)                (16)                              (27)                 (8)
                                      Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                       $                 (125) $             (136)            $                (410) $             (444)

                                  1       This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.

                                  In the fourth quarter of 2025, Corporate had a net loss of $125 million compared to a net loss of $136 million for the same
                                  quarter last year. Base loss of $109 million decreased by $11 million compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to:
                                      •      the settlement of outstanding tax matters related to prior years; and
                                      •      partially offset by higher corporate shared service expenses.
                                  Items excluded from base earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 of negative $16 million was comparable to the same quarter
                                  last year, due to:
                                      •      unfavourable market experience; and
                                      •      mostly offset by business transformation impacts last year that did not recur.
                                  Refer to the “Assumption Changes and Management Actions” section of this document for additional details.
                                  For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, Corporate had a net loss of $410 million compared to a net loss of $444
                                  million for the same period last year. Base loss of $383 million decreased by $53 million compared to the same period last year,
                                  primarily driven by:
                                      •      the settlement of outstanding tax matters and changes in prior years tax estimates;
                                      •      higher earnings on surplus; and
                                      •      partially offset by higher debt financing and corporate shared service expenses.
                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   51

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           38

                                            B  38                                                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, items excluded from base earnings were negative $27 million compared to
negative $8 million for the same period last year, primarily due to:
 •   unfavourable market experience;
 •   U.S. insurance portfolio business updates;
 •   partially offset by provision releases related to the 2003 acquisition of Canada Life Financial Corporation; and
 •   business transformation impacts last year that did not recur.
Consolidated Financial Position

Assets
Total assets
                                                                                         As at December 31, 2025              As at December 31, 2024
Cash and cash equivalents                                                               $                        8,902      $                   10,709
Bonds                                                                                                          174,468                         167,114
Mortgage loans                                                                                                  36,873                          38,879
Stocks                                                                                                          21,515                          18,826
Investment properties                                                                                            8,293                            8,257
Invested assets                                                                         $                      250,051      $                  243,785

Insurance contract assets                                                                                        1,571                                  1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                16,850                                 17,842
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                                                  16,195                                 16,386
Other assets                                                                                                    26,992                                 26,571




                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                        551,169                                496,386
Total assets                                                                            $                      862,828      $                         802,163

The data presented in the table above provides the December 31, 2025 balances compared to December 31 2024. The analysis
below examines the primary drivers and potential impacts of these items.
Invested Assets
The Company manages its general fund assets to support the cash flow, liquidity and profitability requirements of the
Company's insurance and investment products. The Company's investment policies are designed to be prudent and
conservative, so that assets are not unduly exposed to concentration, credit or market risks. Within the framework of the
Company’s policies, the Company implements strategies and reviews and adjusts them on an ongoing basis considering
liability cash flows and capital market conditions. The majority of investments of the general fund are in medium-term and
long-term fixed-income investments, primarily bonds and mortgages, reflecting the characteristics of the Company’s liabilities.




52   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        39

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  39
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Invested asset distribution
                                                                                                                                    Capital and
                                                                            Canada      United States             Europe           Risk Solutions                Total
                                   As at December 31, 2025
                                   Bonds
                                      Government & related              $      19,062   $       9,395       $          15,710      $            4,238       $       48,405               20 %
                                      Corporate & other                        41,021          61,361                  18,130                   5,551              126,063               50
                                      Sub-total bonds                          60,083          70,756                  33,840                   9,789              174,468               70
                                   Mortgages                                   16,892          11,220                   7,923                     838               36,873               15
                                   Stocks                                      16,996           4,093                      378                      48              21,515               9
                                   Investment properties                        6,478              16                    1,799                      —                8,293               3
                                      Sub-total portfolio investments         100,449          86,085                  43,940                 10,675               241,149               97
                                   Cash and cash equivalents                    1,651           3,860                   2,855                    536                 8,902                3
                                   Total invested assets                $     102,100   $      89,945       $          46,795      $          11,211        $      250,051          100 %

                                   As at December 31, 2024
                                   Bonds
                                      Government & related              $      20,776   $       5,021       $          14,718      $            4,927       $       45,442               19 %
                                      Corporate & other                        38,460          61,211                  16,993                   5,008              121,672               50
                                      Sub-total bonds                          59,236          66,232                  31,711                   9,935              167,114               69
                                   Mortgages                                   16,925          13,819                    7,358                    777               38,879               16
                                   Stocks                                      14,489           3,712                      625                     —                18,826                8
                                   Investment properties                        6,128              22                    2,107                     —                 8,257                3
                                      Sub-total portfolio investments          96,778          83,785                  41,801                 10,712               233,076               96




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                   Cash and cash equivalents                    1,484           5,983                   2,520                    722                10,709                4
                                   Total invested assets                $      98,262   $      89,768       $          44,321      $          11,434        $      243,785          100 %

                                  At December 31, 2025, total invested assets were $250.1 billion, an increase of $6.3 billion from December 31, 2024. The
                                  increase in invested assets was primarily due to an increase in bond volumes in Canada, Europe and the U.S., as well as higher
                                  fair values of bonds in the U.S., and an increase in public and private equity investments in Canada due to purchases and
                                  market appreciation. The distribution of assets has not changed significantly and remains heavily weighted to bonds and
                                  mortgages.
                                  Bond portfolio
                                  It is the Company's policy to acquire primarily investment grade bonds subject to prudent and well-defined investment
                                  policies. Modest investments in below investment grade rated securities may occur while not changing the overall discipline
                                  and conservative approach to the investment strategy. The total bond portfolio, including short-term investments, was $174.5
                                  billion or 70% of invested assets at December 31, 2025 compared to $167.1 billion or 69% at December 31, 2024. The increase in
                                  the bond portfolio was primarily due to an increase in bond volumes in Canada, Europe and the U.S., as well as higher fair
                                  values of bonds in the U.S. The overall quality of the bond portfolio remained high, with 98% of the portfolio rated investment
                                  grade and 70% rated A or higher.
                                  Bond credit ratings reflect bond rating agency activity up to December 31, 2025. Management continues to closely monitor
                                  bond rating agency activity and general market conditions.
                                  Bond portfolio quality
                                                                                                            As at December 31, 2025                         As at December 31, 2024
                                      AAA                                                               $          26,599                   15 % $              24,462            15 %
                                      AA                                                                           32,162                   19                  32,310            19
                                      A                                                                            63,342                   36                  60,041            36
                                      BBB                                                                          49,476                   28                  47,936            29
                                      BB or lower                                                                   2,889                    2                    2,365             1
                                  Total                                                                 $         174,468                 100 % $               167,114             100 %




                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report        53
                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              40

                                      B  40                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


The following table provides details of the carrying value of the bonds by industry sector:

                                                                                                     As at December 31, 2025                     As at December 31, 2024
    Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
       Treasuries                                                                                $          17,695                  10 % $            16,159                10 %
       Government related                                                                                   28,839                  17                28,029                17
       Agency securitized                                                                                    1,871                   1                 1,254                 1
       Non-agency securitized                                                                               16,034                   9                16,811                10
       Financials                                                                                           25,024                  14                24,057                15
       Communications                                                                                        4,473                   3                 4,002                 2
       Consumer products                                                                                    18,964                  11                18,403                11
       Energy                                                                                                8,295                   5                 7,044                 4
       Industrials                                                                                          13,053                   7                12,452                 7
       Technology                                                                                            5,966                   3                 5,628                 3
       Transportation                                                                                        8,172                   5                 7,498                 5
       Utilities                                                                                            26,082                  15                25,777                15
    Total                                                                                        $         174,468                100 % $           167,114                 100 %

At December 31, 2025, total bonds were $174.5 billion compared to $167.1 billion at December 31, 2024. The increase was
primarily due to growth in treasuries, energy, financial and government related industry sectors driven by an increase in bond
volumes in Canada, Europe and the U.S., as well as higher fair values of bonds in the U.S.
Mortgage portfolio
It is the Company’s practice to acquire high quality commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and
diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
monitoring processes for commercial loans. The majority of the commercial mortgages held in the Europe segment are carried
at amortized cost and therefore there are no fair value movements recorded on these holdings. The Canada, Europe and
Capital and Risk Solutions segments also hold equity release mortgages within the mortgage portfolio. Equity release
mortgages are loans provided to people who want to continue living in their homes while accessing some of the underlying
equity value in their homes. Loans are typically repaid when the borrower dies or moves into long-term care.

                                                                                   As at December 31, 2025                                  As at December 31, 2024
    Mortgage loans by type                               Insured1                 Non-insured         Total                                  Total
      Single family residential                     $               156       $            609       $              765                2% $       1,225           3%
      Multi-family residential                                    2,669                  6,664                    9,333               25          9,568          25
      Equity release                                                 —                   5,664                    5,664               16          4,818          12
      Commercial                                                     —                  21,111                   21,111               57        23,268           60
    Total                                           $             2,825       $         34,048       $           36,873             100 % $            38,879               100 %

1    Insured mortgages include mortgages where insurance is provided by a third party and protects the Company in the event that the borrower is unable to fulfill their mortgage
     obligations.

The total mortgage portfolio was $36.9 billion or 15% of invested assets at December 31, 2025, compared to $38.9 billion or 16%
of invested assets at December 31, 2024. At December 31, 2025, total insured loans were $2.8 billion or 8% of the mortgage
portfolio, compared to $2.8 billion or 7% at December 31, 2024.




54      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      41

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B  41
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Commercial mortgages
                                                                                               Canada                                                      Capital and
                                                                                                                                                              Risk
                                                                                         Par          Non-Par           U.S.              Europe            Solutions         Total
                                  As at December 31, 2025
                                  Retail & shopping centres                          $      2,905 $        778 $              660 $             1,153 $             — $           5,496
                                  Industrial                                                3,093          892              4,267               1,010               72            9,334
                                  Office buildings                                          1,018          356              2,318               1,275               15            4,982
                                  Other                                                        31           11                592                 665               —             1,299
                                  Total                                              $      7,047 $       2,037 $           7,837 $             4,103 $             87 $         21,111

                                  As at December 31, 2024
                                  Retail & shopping centres                          $      2,969 $         846 $             792 $             1,142 $             31 $          5,780
                                  Industrial                                                3,037           950             5,377                 982               88           10,434
                                  Office buildings                                            990           384             2,505               1,148               19            5,046
                                  Other                                                        32            20             1,080                 861               15            2,008
                                  Total                                              $      7,028 $       2,200 $           9,754 $             4,133 $            153 $         23,268


                                  The commercial mortgage portfolio was $21.1 billion at December 31, 2025, compared to $23.3 billion at December 31, 2024.
                                  The decrease was primarily due to maturities in the U.S. related to mortgage loans as well as lower funding. The Company
                                  monitors and works proactively with borrowers to manage exposures. It is the Company's practice to acquire high-quality
                                  commercial mortgages meeting strict underwriting standards and diversification criteria. The Company has a well-defined
                                  risk-rating system, which it uses in its underwriting and credit monitoring processes for commercial loans.
                                  Expected credit losses




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated
                                  as FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI. The Company measures ECL allowances at either 12-month for stage 1
                                  performing financial assets or lifetime ECL for stage 2 performing financial assets and stage 3 impaired financial assets. Refer to
                                  the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this document and in note 2 of the Company's December 31, 2025
                                  annual consolidated financial statements for additional details on ECL measurement and presentation. Carrying values of
                                  assets subject to ECL allowance and corresponding allowances for ECL are shown below.
                                  At December 31, 2025, the total allowance for credit losses recognized was $25 million compared to $33 million at
                                  December 31, 2024. The decrease in total allowance for credit losses was primarily due to remeasurement of stage 2
                                  commercial mortgages in the U.K.




                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   55
                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            42

                                      B  42                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Equity portfolio
The total equity portfolio was $29.8 billion or 12% of invested assets at December 31, 2025 compared to $27.1 billion or 11% of
invested assets at December 31, 2024. The equity portfolio consists of publicly traded stocks, privately held stocks and
investment properties. The increase in publicly traded stocks of $1.7 billion and the increase in privately held stocks of $1.0
billion were primarily due to purchases and higher market values. Investment properties of $8.3 billion was comparable to
December 31, 2024.

                                                                       Canada
                                                               Par          Non-Par                  U.S.           Europe             CRS              Total
    As at December 31, 2025
    Equity portfolio by type
       Publicly traded stocks                           $       10,215 $             2,618 $           1,412 $               81 $             34 $        14,360               48 %
        Privately held stocks                                    2,402               1,761             2,681                297               14           7,155               24
        Sub-total                                               12,617               4,379             4,093                378               48          21,515               72
        Investment properties                                     5,629                  849                16            1,799               —             8,293              28
    Total                                               $       18,246 $             5,228 $           4,109 $            2,177 $             48 $        29,808               100 %


    As at December 31, 2024
    Equity portfolio by type
        Publicly traded stocks                          $         8,536 $            2,498 $           1,309 $              357 $             — $         12,700               47 %
        Privately held stocks                                     1,977              1,478             2,403                268               —            6,126               23
        Sub-total                                               10,513               3,976             3,712                625               —           18,826               70
        Investment properties                                    5,164                 964                22              2,107               —            8,257               30
    Total                                               $       15,677 $             4,940 $           3,734 $            2,732 $             — $         27,083               100 %




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Investment properties1
                                                                         Canada
                                                                 Par                Non-Par                 U.S.              Europe                Total
    As at December 31, 2025
    Industrial                                          $              2,102 $                 227 $                 — $                415 $             2,744                 33 %
    Office buildings                                                     921                   186                   16                 452               1,575                 19
    Retail                                                               441                    20                   —                  599               1,060                 13
    Other                                                              2,165                   416                   —                  333               2,914                 35
    Total                                               $              5,629 $                 849 $                 16 $            1,799 $              8,293                100 %

    As at December 31, 2024
    Industrial                                          $              2,016 $                 287 $                 — $                673 $             2,976                 36 %
    Office buildings                                                    933                    164                   22                 510               1,629                 20
    Retail                                                              184                    24                    —                  632                 840                 10
    Other                                                              2,031                   489                   —                  292               2,812                 34
    Total                                               $              5,164 $                 964 $                 22 $            2,107 $              8,257                100 %

1     The Capital and Risk Solutions segment does not hold any investment properties.

Derivative Financial Instruments
During the fourth quarter of 2025, there were no major changes to the Company's policies and procedures with respect to the
use of derivative financial instruments. The Company’s derivative transactions are generally governed by the International
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreement, which provide for legally enforceable set-off and close-out
netting of exposure to specific counterparties in the event of an early termination of a transaction, which includes, but is not
limited to, events of default and bankruptcy. In the event of an early termination, the Company is permitted to set off
receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty, in the same legal entity, arising out of all included
transactions. The Company’s ISDA Master Agreement may include Credit Support Annex provisions, which require both the
pledging and accepting of collateral in connection with its derivative transactions.
•        At December 31, 2025, total financial collateral, including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative
         assets was $1.4 billion ($1.7 billion at December 31, 2024) and pledged on derivative liabilities was $2.5 billion ($2.1 billion
         at December 31, 2024).
         •       Collateral received on derivative assets decreased in 2025, primarily driven by the impact of the Euro and British
                 pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay Euro or Pounds and receive U.S. dollars.
56       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           43

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B  43
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                          •     Collateral pledged on derivative assets increased in 2025, primarily due to Euro and British pound strengthening
                                                against Japanese yen on cross-currency swaps that pay Euro or Pounds and receive Japanese yen.
                                  •       During the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, the outstanding notional amount of derivative contracts increased by
                                          $7.7 billion to $70.8 billion compared to December 31, 2024, primarily due to increases in volume of regular hedging
                                          activities.
                                  •       The Company’s exposure to derivative counterparty credit risk, which reflects the current fair value of those instruments in
                                          a gain position, decreased to $1.9 billion at December 31, 2025 from $2.4 billion at December 31, 2024. The decrease was
                                          primarily due to the euro and British pound strengthening against the U.S. dollar on cross-currency swaps that pay Euro or
                                          Pounds and receive U.S. dollars.
                                          •     There were no changes to derivative counterparty ratings during the fourth quarter of 2025 and all had investment
                                                grade ratings as of December 31, 2025.
                                  Goodwill and Intangible Assets
                                                                                                                                                                As at December 31
                                                                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                      Goodwill                                                                                                      $            11,283    $         11,428
                                      Indefinite life intangible assets                                                                                           1,429                1,414
                                      Finite life intangible assets                                                                                               3,483                3,544
                                  Total                                                                                                             $            16,195    $           16,386

                                  The Company's goodwill and intangible assets relate primarily to business acquisitions made by the Company. Goodwill and
                                  intangible assets of $16.2 billion at December 31, 2025 decreased by $0.2 billion compared to December 31, 2024. The decrease
                                  was primarily due to:




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •       a decrease of $0.1 billion in goodwill; and
                                  •       a decrease of finite life intangible assets $0.1 billion.
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company conducted its annual impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets based on
                                  September 30, 2025 asset balances. It was determined that the recoverable amounts of cash generating unit (CGU) groupings
                                  for goodwill and CGUs for intangible assets were in excess of their carrying values and there was no evidence of impairment.
                                  Recoverable amount is based on fair value less cost of disposal.
                                  Refer to note 9 in the Company's December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements for further details of the
                                  Company's goodwill and intangible assets. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this
                                  document for details on impairment testing of these assets.
                                  Other General Fund Assets
                                                                                                                                                                As at December 31
                                                                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                      Other assets                                                                                                  $            15,190    $         15,265
                                      Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                            6,029                5,402
                                      Deferred tax assets                                                                                                         2,285                2,066
                                      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                             1,863                 2,431
                                      Owner occupied properties                                                                                                      829                   789
                                      Fixed assets                                                                                                                  395                      346
                                      Current income taxes                                                                                                          401                      272
                                  Total                                                                                                             $            26,992    $           26,571

                                  Total other general fund assets at December 31, 2025 were $27.0 billion, an increase of $0.4 billion from December 31, 2024.
                                  The increase was primarily due to:
                                      •   an increase of $0.6 billion in accounts and interest receivable;
                                      •   an increase of $0.2 billion in deferred tax assets;
                                      •   an increase of $0.1 billion in current income taxes; and
                                      •   partially offset by a decrease of $0.6 billion in derivative financial instruments and a decrease of $0.1 billion in other assets.
                                  Other assets comprise several items including prepaid expenses and accounts receivable. Refer to note 11 in the Company's
                                  December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements for a breakdown of other assets.

                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     57

                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              44

                                          B  44                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                As at December 31
                                                                                                                              2025                   2024
     Stock and units in unit trusts                                                                                   $          176,933      $        154,439
     Mutual funds                                                                                                                262,239               232,073
     Bonds                                                                                                                        76,080                74,444
     Investment properties                                                                                                        11,050                11,317
     Cash and other                                                                                                               16,017                15,948
     Mortgage loans                                                                                                                2,142                  2,083
    Sub-total                                                                                                         $          544,461      $        490,304
        Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                      6,708                  6,082
Total                                                                                                                 $          551,169      $            496,386

Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders, which are measured at fair value, increased by $54.8 billion to $551.2
billion at December 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily due to:
    •    the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $52.4 billion related to net unrealized capital gains
         on investments;
    •    net deposits of $1.9 billion; and
    •    an increase of $0.6 billion non-controlling mutual funds interest.
Liabilities
Total liabilities
                                                                                             As at December 31, 2025                 As at December 31, 2024




                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Insurance contract liabilities                                                          $                       161,644      $                    155,683
    Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                               919                               795
    Investment contract liabilities                                                                                  89,042                            90,157
    Other general fund liabilities                                                                                   27,051                            26,488
    Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                  70,418                            66,343
 Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                   480,751                           430,043
Total                                                                                       $                       829,825      $                         769,509


Total liabilities increased by $60.3 billion to $829.8 billion at December 31, 2025 from December 31, 2024.
•        Insurance and investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders increased by $54.8 billion. The increase
         was primarily due to:
         •     the combined impact of market value gains and investment income of $52.4 billion related to net unrealized capital
               gains on investments; and
         •     net deposits of $1.9 billion.
•        Insurance contract liabilities increased by $6.0 billion. The increase was primarily due to:
         •     the impact of market movements and currency movements;
         •     partially offset by normal business movements.
•        Other general fund liabilities increased by $0.6 billion. Refer to the other general fund liabilities section of this document
         for details.
•        Investment contract liabilities decreased by $1.1 billion. The decrease was primarily due to:
         •     the impact of currency movements and normal business movements; and
         •     partially offset by market movements.
Insurance and investment contract liabilities represent the amounts that, together with estimated future premiums and
investment income, will be sufficient to pay estimated future benefits, dividends and expenses on policies in-force. Insurance
and investment contract liabilities are determined using generally accepted actuarial practices, according to standards
established by the Canadian Institute of Actuaries. Also, refer to the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this
document for details on impairment testing of these assets.



58        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        45

                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  45
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                      Assets supporting insurance contract liabilities
                                                                                                                                        Non-Participating


                                                                                 Participating                                                                                   Capital and
                                                                                   Account                 Canada                United States               Europe             Risk Solutions               Total
                                      As at December 31, 2025
                                         Bonds                               $           33,740      $            23,072      $               346      $            29,177 $                5,354     $           91,689
                                         Mortgage loans                                  12,860                    3,533                        7                    7,923                    811                 25,134
                                         Stocks                                          12,933                    3,422                      —                        126                      47                16,528
                                         Investment properties                            5,630                      573                      —                      1,658                      —                  7,861
                                         Other assets1                                    1,684                       —                   12,246                     6,502                      —                 20,432
                                        Total                                $           66,847      $            30,600      $           12,599       $            45,386 $                6,212     $          161,644


                                      As at December 31, 20242
                                         Bonds                               $           32,435      $            23,553      $              387       $            27,227 $                6,057     $           89,659
                                         Mortgage loans                                  12,851                    3,727                       8                     7,359                    751                 24,696
                                         Stocks                                          10,798                    3,206                      —                        396                     —                  14,400
                                         Investment properties                            5,167                      742                      —                      1,909                     —                   7,818
                                         Other assets1                                      827                       81                  13,149                     5,053                     —                  19,110
                                        Total                                $           62,078      $            31,309      $           13,544       $            41,944 $                6,808     $          155,683

                                  1    Other assets include reinsurance assets, premiums in the course of collection, interest due and accrued, other investment receivables, deferred acquisition costs, accounts receivable,
                                       current income taxes and prepaid expenses. Reinsurance assets include assets recognized as a result of the indemnity reinsurance agreement with Protective Life Insurance Company
                                       (Protective Life).
                                  2    Comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current year's presentation.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Asset and liability cash flows are matched within established limits to minimize the financial effects of a shift in interest rates
                                  and mitigate the changes in the Company's financial position due to interest rate volatility.
                                  Insurance Contract Liabilities and Assets
                                      Insurance contract liabilities and assets1
                                                                                                         Insurance contracts not under PAA method
                                                                                           Estimates of               Risk                                                                                   Total net
                                                                                          present value          adjustment for                                                         Contracts           insurance
                                                                                          of future cash          non-financial  Contractual                                           under PAA             contract
                                                                                               flows                  risk      service margin                       Total               method             liabilities
                                      As at December 31, 2025
                                      United States                                     $            19,586 $                   138 $                 196 $              19,920 $                   2 $            19,922
                                      Canada                                                        111,655                   1,726                 5,551               118,932                 9,602             128,534
                                      Europe                                                         49,412                     998                 5,353                55,763                 3,815              59,578
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                      2,120                   1,914                 2,430                 6,464                    62               6,526
                                      Total                                             $           182,773 $                 4,776 $             13,530 $              201,079 $             13,481 $            214,560

                                      As at December 31, 2024
                                      United States                                     $            19,955 $                   139 $                 262 $              20,356 $                   2 $            20,358
                                      Canada                                                        104,920                   1,826                 5,474               112,220                 9,556             121,776
                                      Europe                                                         44,401                   1,016                 5,195                50,612                 3,709              54,321
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                      2,657                   2,006                 2,437                 7,100                   231               7,331
                                      Total                                             $           171,933 $                 4,987 $             13,368 $              190,288 $             13,498 $            203,786

                                  1    Insurance contract liabilities and assets presented in the above tables also include insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders and reinsurance contract held
                                       assets and liabilities.

                                  At December 31, 2025, total net insurance contract liabilities were $214.6 billion, an increase of $10.8 billion from December 31,
                                  2024. The increase in net insurance contract liabilities was primarily due to the impact of market movements and currency
                                  movements, partially offset by normal business movements.
                                  Contractual Service Margin
                                  The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future
                                  as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the
                                  fulfilment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising at that date is a

                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report      59
                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                46

                                          B  46                                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


net inflow, then the group is classified as non-onerous. For non-onerous contracts, the CSM is measured as the equal and
opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no income or expenses arising on initial recognition.
If the total present value is a net outflow, then the group of insurance contracts is onerous. In this case, the net outflow is
recognized as a loss in the current period. A loss component is created to depict any losses recognized in the current period,
which determines the amounts that are subsequently recognized in future periods as reversals on onerous groups.

    Contractual service margin continuity1
                                                            Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                        Capital
                                                         United                                        and Risk
                                                         States        Canada               Europe     Solutions          Total        Seg Funds         Participating             Total
    CSM beginning of period,                         $         55     $       690      $      3,664    $    2,436     $      6,845     $      3,268      $        3,255       $        13,368
    December 31, 2024
        Impact of new insurance business                       —                40              267           100              407                126                 109                 642
        Expected movements from asset                             2             18               91             65             176                121                 192                 489
          returns & locked-in rates
        CSM recognized for services                             (8)            (67)            (326)          (269)           (670)             (407)                 (155)            (1,232)
           provided
        Insurance experience gains/losses                         6              (7)             23               7              29                —                   (50)                (21)
    Organic CSM movement                             $         —      $        (16) $            55    $       (97) $           (58) $          (160) $                96     $          (122)
        Impact of markets                                      —                —                —              —                 —               67                  188                 255
        Impact of changes in assumptions                          8           (161)             (18)            21            (150)             (120)                  (41)              (311)
        and management actions
        Currency impact                                         (3)             —               165             70             232                120                  (12)               340
    Total CSM movement                               $            5   $       (177) $           202    $         (6) $           24    $          (93) $              231     $           162




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    CSM end of period, December 31,
    2025                            $                          60     $       513      $      3,866    $    2,430     $      6,869     $      3,175      $        3,486       $        13,530

1       The CSM shown in the above table is presented net of reinsurance contracts held and includes CSM attributed to insurance contract assets and insurance contract liabilities.

At December 31, 2025, total contractual service margin on non-participating business excluding segregated funds was $6.9
billion, an increase of $24 million from December 31, 2024. The increase was mainly driven by:
    •      currency impacts of $232 million;
    •      partially offset by assumption changes and management actions of negative $150 million and organic CSM movement of
           negative $58 million.
At December 31, 2025, total contractual service margin was $13.5 billion, an increase of $162 million from December 31, 2024.
The increase was mainly driven by:
    •      currency impacts of $340 million and the impact of markets of $255 million;
    •      partially offset by assumption changes and management actions of negative $311 million and organic CSM movement of
           negative $122 million.
Further detail on the assumption changes and management actions on non-participating business is provided in the
"Assumption Changes and Management Actions" section of this document.
Other General Fund Liabilities
                                                                                                                                                         As at December 31
                                                                                                                                                        2025                      2024
     Debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                                    $               8,792     $               9,469
     Other liabilities                                                                                                                                       10,431                    10,230
     Accounts payable                                                                                                                                         3,981                     3,524
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                                   937                       834
     Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                         2,412                     2,137
     Current income taxes                                                                                                                                       498                       294
    Total                                                                                                                                     $              27,051     $              26,488




60         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                47

                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                         B  47
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Total other general fund liabilities at December 31, 2025 were $27.1 billion, an increase of $0.6 billion from December 31, 2024.
                                  The increase was primarily due to:
                                   •   an increase of $0.5 billion accounts payable;
                                   •   an increase of $0.3 billion in derivative financial instruments;
                                   •   an increase of $0.2 billion in current income taxes;
                                   •   an increase of $0.2 billion in other liabilities;
                                   •   an increase of $0.1 billion in deferred tax liabilities; and
                                   •   partially offset by a decrease of $0.7 billion in debentures and other debt instruments.
                                  Other liabilities of $10.4 billion include pension and other post-employment benefits, lease liabilities, deferred income reserve,
                                  bank overdraft, collateralized loan obligation liabilities and other liability balances. Refer to note 20 in the Company’s
                                  December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements for a breakdown of the other liabilities balance and note 18 in the
                                  Company’s December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements for details of the debentures and other debt
                                  instruments.
                                  Segregated Fund and Variable Annuity Guarantees
                                  The Company offers retail segregated fund products, unitized with profits (UWP) products and variable annuity products that
                                  provide for certain guarantees tied to the market values of the investment funds.
                                  In Canada, the Company offers individual segregated fund products through Canada Life. These products provide guaranteed
                                  minimum death benefits (GMDB) and guaranteed minimum accumulation on maturity benefits (GMAB).
                                  In the U.S. and presented in the Corporate segment, the Company has a mix of open and closed blocks of group variable
                                  annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and a closed block of group standalone GMDB products
                                  which mainly provide return of premium on death. The GMWB portfolio has been reinsured by a third party.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  In Europe, the Company offers UWP products in Germany and unit-linked products with investment guarantees in Ireland.
                                  These products are similar to segregated fund products but include minimum credited interest rates and pooling of
                                  policyholders' funds.
                                  The GMWB products offered by the Company in the U.S. and Germany, and previously offered in Canada and Ireland, provide
                                  the policyholder with a guaranteed minimum level of annual income for life. The minimum level of income may increase
                                  depending upon the level of growth in the market value of the policyholder's funds. Where the market value of the
                                  policyholder's funds is ultimately insufficient to meet the level of guarantee purchased by the policyholder, the Company is
                                  obligated to make up the shortfall.
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions has guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB) that it has reinsured from other U.S. life
                                  insurance and reinsurance companies.
                                  These products involve cash flows of which the magnitude and timing are uncertain and are dependent on the level of equity
                                  and fixed-income market returns, interest rates, currency markets, market volatility, policyholder behaviour and policyholder
                                  longevity.
                                  The Company has a hedging program in place to manage a portion of the market and interest rate risk associated with options
                                  embedded in its GMWB products. The program methodology quantifies both the embedded option value and its sensitivity to
                                  movements in equity markets, currency markets and interest rates. Equity derivative instruments, currency derivative
                                  instruments and interest rate derivative instruments are used to mitigate changes in the embedded option value attributable to
                                  movements in equity markets, currency markets and interest rates respectively. The hedging program, by its nature, requires
                                  continuous monitoring and rebalancing to avoid over or under hedged positions. Periods of heightened market volatility will
                                  increase the frequency of hedge rebalancing.
                                  By their nature, certain risks associated with the GMWB product either cannot be hedged or cannot be hedged on a cost-
                                  effective basis. These risks include policyholder behaviour, policyholder longevity, basis risk and market volatility.
                                  Consequently, the hedging program will not mitigate all risks to the Company associated with the GMWB products and may
                                  expose the Company to additional risks including the operational risk associated with the reliance upon sophisticated models,
                                  and counterparty credit risk associated with the use of derivative instruments.
                                  Other risk management processes are in place aimed at appropriately limiting the Company’s exposure to the risks it is not
                                  hedging or are otherwise inherent in its hedging program. In particular, the GMWB product has been designed with specific
                                  regard to limiting policyholder anti-selection, and the array of investment funds available to policyholders has been
                                  determined with a view to minimizing underlying basis risk.



                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   61

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            48

                                       B  48                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Certain GMWB products offered by the Company offer levels of death and maturity guarantees. At December 31, 2025, the
amount of GMWB product in-force in Canada, the U.S., Ireland and Germany was $7,084 million ($7,538 million at
December 31, 2024).

    Segregated fund and variable annuity guarantee exposure
                                                                                                   Investment deficiency by benefit type
    December 31, 2025                                                    Market Value           Income          Maturity            Death                                Total1
    Canada                                                           $             38,431 $                   1 $                    3 $                    9 $                     9
    United States                                                                  22,053                    —                       —                      4                       4
    Europe                                                                         14,371                     2                      —                  1,261                   1,261
    Capital and Risk Solutions2                                                       640                    90                      —                     —                       90
    Total                                                            $             75,495 $                  93 $                    3 $                1,274 $                 1,364

1    A policy can only receive a payout from one of the three trigger events (income election, maturity or death). Total deficiency measures the point-in-time exposure assuming the most
     costly trigger event for each policy occurred on December 31, 2025.
2    Capital and Risk Solutions exposure is to markets in the U.S.

Investment deficiency at December 31, 2025 increased by $78 million to $1,364 million compared to December 31, 2024,
primarily as a result of new business in Europe, partially offset by increase market values and the reinsurance of the GMBW
portfolio in the US segment. The investment deficiency measures the point-in-time exposure to a trigger event (i.e., income
election, maturity or death) assuming it occurred on December 31, 2025 and does not include the impact of the Company's
hedging program. The actual cost to the Company will depend on the trigger event having occurred and the market values at
that time. The actual claims before tax associated with these guarantees were $6 million in 2025 ($4 million for 2024), with the
majority arising in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment related to a legacy block of business.
Lifeco Capital Structure




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
In establishing the appropriate mix of capital required to support the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries,
management utilizes a variety of debt, equity and other hybrid instruments considering both the short and long-term capital
needs of the Company.
Debentures and Other Debt Instruments
At December 31, 2025, debentures and other debt instruments decreased by $677 million to $8,792 million compared to
December 31, 2024.
On August 12, 2025, Great-West Lifeco U.S. Finance 2020, LP, a subsidiary of the Company, repaid the principal amount of its
0.904% U.S. $500 million senior notes upon maturity, together with accrued interest.
Refer to note 18 in the Company's December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements for further details of the
Company's debentures and other debt instruments.
Capital Trust Securities
At December 31, 2025, the Company had $150 million principal outstanding of Canada Life Capital Trust Securities – Series B
(CLiCS – Series B). Included in the Company's invested assets at December 31, 2025 were CLiCS – Series B with a fair value of
$44 million and principal value of $37 million (fair value of $44 million at December 31, 2024).
Each holder of the CLiCS – Series B is entitled to receive a semi-annual non-cumulative fixed cash distribution of $37.645 per
CLiCS – Series B, representing an annual yield of 7.529% payable out of Canada Life Capital Trust's (CLCT) distributable funds.
Subject to regulatory approval, CLCT may redeem the CLiCS – Series B, in whole or in part, at any time and the CLiCS – Series B
are callable at par on June 30, 2032.
Equity
Share capital outstanding at December 31, 2025 was $10.4 billion, which comprises $6.0 billion of common shares and $2.9
billion of preferred shares and $1.5 billion Limited Recourse Capital Notes (LRCN Series 1). Preferred shares included $2,670
million of non-cumulative First Preferred Shares and $250 million of non-cumulative 5-year rate reset First Preferred Shares.
Common shares
At December 31, 2025, the Company had 906,331,875 common shares outstanding with a stated value of $5.98 billion
compared to 932,107,643 common shares with a stated value of $6.07 billion at December 31, 2024.




62       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis             49

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B  49
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  On January 2, 2025, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) that commenced on January 6,
                                  2025 and terminated on January 5, 2026 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares
                                  at market prices. On September 3, 2025, the Company announced an amendment to the 2025 NCIB to increase the maximum
                                  number of common shares that may be repurchased to 40,000,000. In addition, the Toronto Stock Exchange approved an
                                  amendment that permits the Company to purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of its wholly-
                                  owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in connection with the NCIB, in order for PFC to approximately maintain its
                                  proportionate percentage ownership in the Company. The NCIB amendments became effective on September 5, 2025.
                                  During the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled approximately
                                  28.4 million common shares under the 2025 NCIB at an average cost per share of $57.15 (2.7 million common shares under the
                                  NCIB at an average cost per share of $42.32 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024).
                                  On January 2, 2026, the Company announced the renewal of its NCIB commencing January 6, 2026 and terminating January 5,
                                  2027 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices. The renewed NCIB
                                  continues to permit the Company to purchase its shares from PFC in order for PFC to approximately maintain its proportionate
                                  percentage ownership in the Company.
                                  Preferred shares
                                  At December 31, 2025, the Company had 12 series of fixed rate First Preferred Shares and 1 series of 5-year rate reset First
                                  Preferred Shares outstanding with aggregate stated values of $2,670 million and $250 million, respectively.
                                  The terms and conditions of the outstanding First Preferred Shares are set out in the table below:

                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                                           Series G        Series H       Series I        Series L              Series M              Series N
                                   General Type            Fixed Rate     Fixed Rate     Fixed Rate      Fixed Rate            Fixed Rate            5-Year Rate
                                                                                                                                                        Reset




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                   Cumulative/Non-      Non-cumulative Non-cumulative Non-cumulative Non-cumulative Non-cumulative Non-cumulative
                                   Cumulative
                                   Date Issued           Sep 14, 2004    Aug 12, 2005   Apr 12, 2006    Oct 2, 2009           Mar 4, 2010           Dec 31, 2025
                                   Shares Outstanding     12,000,000      12,000,000     12,000,000     6,800,000             6,000,000              10,000,000
                                   Amount Outstanding    $300,000,000    $300,000,000   $300,000,000   $170,000,000          $150,000,000           $250,000,000
                                   (Par)
                                   Yield                    5.20%           4.85%          4.50%           5.65%                  5.80%                    4.09%
                                   Earliest Issuer       Dec 31, 2009    Sep 30, 2010   Jun 30, 2011   Dec 31, 2014          Mar 31, 2015           Dec 31, 2030
                                   Redemption Date
                                                           Series P        Series Q       Series R        Series S              Series T                  Series Y         Series Z
                                   General Type            Fixed Rate     Fixed Rate     Fixed Rate      Fixed Rate            Fixed Rate             Fixed Rate          Fixed Rate
                                   Cumulative/Non-      Non-cumulative Non-cumulative Non-cumulative Non-cumulative Non-cumulative Non-cumulative Non-cumulative
                                   Cumulative
                                   Date Issued           Feb 22, 2012     Jul 6, 2012   Oct 11, 2012   May 22, 2014          May 18, 2017           Aug 16, 2021       Sept. 24, 2025
                                   Shares Outstanding     10,000,000      8,000,000      8,000,000      8,000,000             8,000,000              8,000,000           8,000,000
                                   Amount Outstanding    $250,000,000    $200,000,000   $200,000,000   $200,000,000          $200,000,000           $200,000,000       $200,000,000
                                   (Par)
                                   Yield                    5.40%           5.15%          4.80%           5.25%                  5.15%                    4.50%            5.70%
                                   Earliest Issuer
                                                        March 31, 2017   Sep 30, 2017   Dec 31, 2017    Jun 30, 2019         Jun 30, 2022           Dec 31, 2026        Sep 30, 2030
                                   Redemption Date

                                  The terms and conditions of the First Preferred Shares do not allow the holder to convert to common shares of the Company or
                                  to otherwise cause the Company to redeem the shares. Preferred shares issued by the Company are commonly referred to as
                                  perpetual and represent a form of financing that does not have a fixed term.




                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   63

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            50

                                      B  50                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Non-Controlling Interests
The Company's non-controlling interests include participating account surplus in subsidiaries and non-controlling interests in
subsidiaries. Refer to note 21 in the Company's December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements for further details.

                                                                                                                                                    As at December 31
                                                                                                                                                  2025             2024
    Participating account surplus in subsidiaries:
      Canada Life                                                                                                                          $             3,082    $             3,043
      Empower                                                                                                                                               (3)                    (2)
    Total                                                                                                                                  $             3,079    $             3,041
    Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                              $                67    $                72
    Total                                                                                                                                  $             3,146    $             3,113

At December 31, 2025, the carrying value of non-controlling interests increased by $33 million to $3,146 million compared to
December 31, 2024. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, net earnings attributable to participating account before
policyholder dividends were $2,147 million and policyholder dividends were $2,106 million.

Liquidity and Capital Management

Capital Management and Adequacy
The Board of Directors (Board) reviews and approves an annual capital plan as well as capital transactions undertaken by
management pursuant to the plan. The capital plan is designed to ensure that the Company maintains adequate capital, taking
into account the Company's strategy, risk profile and business plans. The Company has established policies and procedures
designed to identify, measure and report all material risks. Management is responsible for establishing capital management
procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital plan. In addition to undertaking capital transactions, the Company




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
uses and provides traditional and structured reinsurance to support capital and risk management.
At the holding company level, the Company monitors the amount of consolidated capital available and the amounts deployed
in its various operating subsidiaries. The amount of capital deployed in any particular company or country is dependent upon
local regulatory requirements as well as the Company’s internal assessment of capital requirements in the context of its
operational risks and requirements and strategic plans. The Company’s practice is to maintain the capitalization of its
regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum regulatory capital requirements in the
jurisdictions in which they operate. The capitalization decisions of the Company and its operating subsidiaries also give
consideration to the impact such actions may have on the opinions expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide
financial strength and other ratings to the Company.
As at December 31, 2025, each of the Company’s subsidiaries were well capitalized and in compliance with regulatory capital
requirements by jurisdiction.
As shown in the graphic below, Lifeco’s subsidiary The Canada Life Assurance Company and its subsidiaries report regulatory
capital on a consolidated basis in accordance with OSFI’s Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT), as described below.
Lifeco’s subsidiaries in the United States report Risk Based Capital (RBC), as described below.




1    Entities based in Europe also separately report regulatory capital on a Solvency II/U.K. basis (see below).



64      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       51

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B  51
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  I. LICAT Ratio
                                  In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
                                  the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries, known as the Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT).
                                  The December 31, 2025 LICAT Ratio is calculated in accordance with the 2025 OSFI Guideline - Life Insurance Capital
                                  Adequacy Test.
                                  The LICAT Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required capital. The required capital is
                                  calibrated so that a life insurer can both withstand severe stress events and support the continuity of existing business. The
                                  LICAT guideline uses a risk-based approach for measuring specific life insurer risks and for aggregating the results to calculate
                                  the amount of a life insurer's capital requirements.
                                  OSFI has established a Supervisory Target Total Ratio of 100% and a Supervisory Minimum Total Ratio of 90%. The Canada Life
                                  Assurance Company is operating well above these supervisory ratios.
                                  The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratios for Canada Life:

                                      LICAT Ratio
                                                                                                                                                              Dec. 31          Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                               2025             2024
                                       Tier 1 Capital                                                                                                  $         21,061    $     20,142
                                       Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                             7,667           5,253
                                       Total Available Capital                                                                                                   28,728          25,395
                                       Surplus Allowance & Eligible Deposits                                                                                      5,155           5,130
                                      Total capital resources                                                                                          $         33,883    $     30,525

                                      Required capital                                                                                                 $         26,541    $     23,516




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Capital margin1                                                                                                             7,342           7,009
                                      Total Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%)2                                                                                128 %             130 %

                                  1       Capital Margin = Total capital resources less required capital
                                  2       Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)


                                  The Canada Life Assurance Company's consolidated LICAT Ratio at December 31, 2025 was 128%. The LICAT Ratio does not
                                  take into account any impact from $2.1 billion of liquidity at the Lifeco holding company level at December 31, 2025
                                  ($2.2 billion at December 31, 2024).
                                  The LICAT Ratio decreased by 2 points from 130% at December 31, 2024 to 128% at December 31, 2025 as a result of:
                                      •      business growth and the impact of earnings less dividends;
                                      •      partially offset by the transition impacts to reporting based on the 2025 LICAT Guideline, as amended for Segregated
                                             Funds with Guarantees.
                                  OSFI Regulatory Capital Initiatives
                                  The Canada Life Assurance Company is reporting under revised capital requirements for Segregated Fund Guarantee Risk that
                                  OSFI has introduced with its 2025 LICAT Guideline, effective January 1, 2025.
                                  On July 3, 2025, OSFI announced reduced capital requirements for qualifying infrastructure debt and equity investments by
                                  federally regulated life insurers. The Canada Life Assurance Company is now reporting with the reduced capital requirements
                                  for unrated infrastructure debt to Permitted Infrastructure Entities (PIEs) located in Canada and for infrastructure equity that
                                  meets the criteria of PIEs located in Canada.
                                  Solvency II/U.K.
                                  Furthermore, subsidiaries of The Canada Life Assurance Company based in Europe have a local solvency capital regime
                                  (Solvency II/UK). As at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, all European regulated entities met the capital and solvency
                                  requirements as prescribed under Solvency II/UK.
                                  II. RBC Ratio
                                  In the U.S, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has established Risk-Based Capital (RBC) as a
                                  regulatory capital adequacy measurement. Empower, Lifeco’s U.S. operating company, reports its RBC ratio annually to U.S.
                                  insurance regulators. The RBC ratio is for information only and is not intended as a means to rank insurers generally or for any
                                  other purpose. As at December 31, 2025, the ratio was estimated to be above 450%.


                                                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   65

                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           52

                                            B  52                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


III. Financial Leverage Ratio
The financial leverage ratio is used to measure the Company's financial strength, solvency and capital adequacy and is
calculated as the aggregate of debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated capitalization.
The following provides a summary of the financial leverage ratio of the Company:

                                                                                                                                 Dec. 31                         Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                  2025                            2024
    Financial Leverage
    Short-term debt                                                                                                   $                       273     $                        144
    Long-term debt (incl. bank term loan)                                                                                                   8,265                            9,070
    Subordinated debentures                                                                                                                   100                              100
    Capital trust securities                                                                                                                  154                              155
    Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                                          1,500                            1,500
    Perpetual preferred shares                                                                                                              2,920                            2,720
    Total Financial Leverage                                                                                          $                    13,212     $                     13,689

    Equity
    Common Stock                                                                                                      $                     5,983     $                      6,071
    Surplus                                                                                                                                17,712                           17,474
    Participating policyholder surplus                                                                                                      3,079                            3,041
    Accumulated other comprehensive income                                                                                                  1,742                            1,776
    Minority interest                                                                                                                          67                               72
    Total Equity                                                                                                      $                    28,583     $                     28,434

    Total Capital                                                                                                     $                    41,795     $                     42,123




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    CSM (non-par, excluding seg funds) (after-tax)2                                                                   $                     6,083     $                        6,055

    Financial Leverage Ratio1                                                                                                                  28 %                              29 %

1    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
2    After-tax CSM reflects taxation at the relevant statutory rate, subject to a minimum rate of 15%, where applicable.
The Company’s financial leverage ratio at December 31, 2025 was 28% compared to 29% at the end of 2024. This reduction was
primarily due to the repayment of US$500 million senior notes in the third quarter of 2025, growth in equity from retained
earnings and the impact of currency movement and growth of non-participating CSM, excluding segregated funds.

Liquidity
                                                                                      As at December 31, 2025                                  As at December 31, 2024
                                                                           On-balance                                                On-balance
                                                                             sheet            Non-liquid/          Net liquid          sheet          Non-liquid/          Net liquid
                                                                             assets            Pledged              assets             assets          Pledged              assets
    Cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds
      Cash and cash equivalents1                                          $         8,902     $           258     $          8,644   $      10,709    $        339     $        10,370
      Short-term bonds2                                                            7,931                  272                7,659           5,429             348               5,081
      Sub-total                                                           $       16,833      $           530     $         16,303   $      16,138    $        687     $        15,451

    Other assets and marketable securities
      Government bonds2                                                   $      41,953       $      10,141       $         31,812   $      40,928    $    11,293      $        29,635
      Corporate bonds2                                                          124,584              62,531                 62,053         120,757         59,688               61,069
      Stocks1                                                                    21,515               7,172                 14,343          18,826          6,126               12,700
      Mortgage loans1                                                            36,873              34,048                  2,825          38,879         36,089                2,790
      Sub-total                                                           $     224,925       $     113,892       $        111,033   $     219,390    $   113,196      $       106,194

    Net liquid assets                                                     $     241,758       $     114,422       $        127,336   $     235,528    $   113,883      $       121,645

1    Refer to the consolidated balance sheet in the Company's December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 annual consolidated financial statements for on-balance sheet amounts.
2    Total short-term bonds, government bonds and corporate bonds as at December 31, 2025 was $174.5 billion ($167.1 billion at December 31, 2024). Refer to the consolidated balance
     sheet in the Company's December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements for on-balance sheet bonds amounts.




66       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            53

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     B  53
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  The Company’s liquidity requirements are largely self-funded, with short-term obligations being met by internal funds and
                                  maintaining levels of liquid assets that can be converted to cash in less than 12 months to adequately settle obligations as they
                                  come due. The Company holds cash, cash equivalents and short-term bonds at the Lifeco holding company level and with the
                                  Lifeco consolidated subsidiary companies. At December 31, 2025, the Company and its operating subsidiaries held liquid cash,
                                  cash equivalents and short-term bonds of $16.3 billion ($15.5 billion at December 31, 2024) and other liquid assets and
                                  marketable securities of $111.0 billion ($106.2 billion at December 31, 2024). Included in the cash, cash equivalents and short-
                                  term bonds at December 31, 2025 was $2.1 billion ($2.2 billion at December 31, 2024) held at the Lifeco holding company level
                                  which includes cash at Great-West Lifeco U.S. LLC, the Company's U.S. holding company. In addition, the Company maintains
                                  committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks and other revolving credit agreements in the U.S. for potential
                                  unanticipated liquidity needs, if required. Refer to note 7(b) in the Company’s December 31, 2025 annual consolidated
                                  financial statements for additional detail.
                                  The Company does not have a formal common shareholder dividend policy. The Company maintains a target dividend payout
                                  ratio range of 45% to 55% of base earnings that is considered in dividend decisions. Dividends on outstanding common shares
                                  of the Company are declared and paid at the sole discretion of the Board of the Company. The decision to declare a dividend
                                  on the common shares of the Company takes into account a variety of factors including the level of earnings, adequacy of
                                  capital and availability of cash resources.
                                  As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay dividends and, in part, its ability to deploy capital is dependent upon the
                                  Company receiving dividends from its operating subsidiaries. The Company’s operating subsidiaries are subject to regulation
                                  in a number of jurisdictions, each of which maintains its own regime for determining the amount of capital that must be held in
                                  connection with the different businesses carried on by the operating subsidiaries. The requirements imposed by the regulators
                                  in any jurisdiction may change from time to time, and thereby impact the ability of the operating subsidiaries to pay dividends
                                  to the Company. During 2025, the Company's main operating subsidiaries made cash payments to the holding company in the
                                  form of dividends amounting to $4.7 billion ($4.0 billion in 2024).




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Liquidity risk is assessed and mitigated through prudent product design and contract terms; and by maintaining a high quality,
                                  diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet policyholder and financing obligations under normal and
                                  stress conditions. Refer to the "Market and Liquidity Risk" section under "Risk Management" for additional information.

                                  Cash Flows
                                   Cash flows
                                                                                                        For the three months ended                        For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                December 31                                        December 31
                                                                                                         2025                     2024                        2025                    2024
                                   Cash flows relating to the following activities:
                                   Operations                                                       $            (315) $                  2,000      $               2,708     $             4,751
                                   Financing                                                                    (1,385)                     (515)                    (4,322)                 (2,285)
                                   Investment                                                                      (41)                        (5)                      (56)                     (408)
                                                                                                                (1,741)                   1,480                      (1,670)                 2,058
                                   Effects of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash
                                      equivalents                                                                  (93)                     342                        (137)                   534
                                   Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents in the period               (1,834)                   1,822                      (1,807)                 2,592
                                   Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                            10,736                       8,887                     10,709                   8,117
                                   Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                         $           8,902     $              10,709      $               8,902     $           10,709


                                  The principal source of funds for the Company on a consolidated basis is cash provided by operating activities, including
                                  insurance revenue, net investment income and fee income. These funds are used primarily to pay policy benefits, policyholder
                                  dividends and claims, as well as operating expenses and commissions. The operations category on the statement of cash flows
                                  also includes transfers and withdrawals by clients that are funded in part by the sale of assets for cash. Cash flows generated by
                                  operations are mainly invested to support future liability cash requirements. Cash flows related to financing activities include
                                  the issuance and repayment of capital instruments and associated dividends and interest payments.
                                  In the fourth quarter of 2025, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $1,834 million from September 30, 2025.
                                   •   Cash flows used by operations activities was $315 million, a change of negative $2,315 million compared to the fourth
                                       quarter of 2024. The change was primarily driven by net cash movements in portfolio investments, partially offset by net
                                       changes in insurance, investment and reinsurance contract assets and liabilities.
                                   •   Cash flows used by financing activities was $1,385 million, a change of negative $870 million compared to the fourth
                                       quarter of 2024. The change was primarily due to common shares repurchased and cancelled partially offset by the
                                       increase in lines of credit of subsidiaries. The current period cash movement includes $0.9 billion of share repurchases.
                                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report      67

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis               54

                                       B  54                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


 •      Cash flows used by investment activities was $41 million, a change of $36 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2024.
        The change was primarily due to investments in associates and joint ventures, net of distributions.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $1,807 million from December 31,
2024.
 •      Cash flows provided by operations activities were $2,708 million, change of negative $2,043 million compared to the same
        period last year, primarily due to the same reasons as the in quarter period.
 •      Cash flows used by financing activities of $4,322 million, a change of negative $2,037 million were primarily due to
        common shares repurchased and the repayment of senior notes in 2025, partially offset by the issuance of preferred shares
        and the use of lines of credit in subsidiaries. The current year cash movement includes $1.6 billion of share repurchases,
        $0.7 billion repayment of a senior note upon maturity and the issuance of $200 million of preferred shares.
 •      Cash flows used by investment activities was $56 million, a change of $352 million compared to the same period last year.
        The change was primarily due to contributions to investments in associates and joint ventures, net of distributions.
Commitments/Contractual Obligations
In the normal course of business the Company enters into contracts that give rise to commitments of future minimum
payments that impact short-term and long-term liquidity. The following summarizes the principal repayment schedule for
certain of the Company’s financial liabilities. The table below does not include commitments of insurance and investment
contract liabilities. Refer to the "Market and Liquidity Risk" section of this document for additional information regarding
insurance and investment contract liabilities.

                                                                                                            Payments due by period
                                                                                                                                                                             Over
As at December 31, 2025                                           Total             1 year           2 years              3 years          4 years         5 years          5 years
 1)      Debentures and other debt instruments               $        8,416 $              805 $              548 $           1,011 $              857 $         600 $           4,595




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
 2)      Lease obligations                                              407                 64                 60                53                 44            42               144
 3)      Purchase obligations                                            462               210                115                 65                35             24                13
 4)  Credit-related arrangements
     (a) Contractual commitments                                    7,391         7,066                       194                 46                28               —               57
     (b) Letters of credit                                    see note 4(b) below
 5) Pension contributions                                                264               264                  —                   —                —               —                —
 Total contractual obligations                               $       16,940 $            8,409 $              917 $           1,175 $              964 $         666 $           4,809

1) Refer to note 18 in the Company's December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements. Excluded from debentures and other debt instruments are unamortized transaction
   costs.
2) For a further description of the Company's lease obligations (presented on a net value basis), refer to note 20 in the Company's December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial
   statements.
3) Purchase obligations are commitments to acquire goods and services, essentially related to information services.
4) (a) Contractual commitments are essentially commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations in accordance with policies and guidelines that are to
        be disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions.
     (b) Letters of credit (LC) are written commitments provided by a bank. The total amount of LC facilities is US$1,723 million of which US$889 million were issued as of December 31,
          2025.
         The Reinsurance business unit periodically uses LC as collateral under certain reinsurance contracts for on-balance sheet policy liabilities.
         The Company may be required to seek collateral alternatives if it is unable to renew existing LCs on maturity.
         A total of US$689 million has been issued to subsidiaries or branches of Canada Life and the additional US$70 million has been issued to Great-West Life & Annuity Insurance
         Company of South Carolina.
         The remaining US$130 million has been issued to external parties. Clients residing in the United States are required pursuant to their insurance regulations to obtain LCs issued
         on the Company’s behalf from approved banks in order to further secure the Company’s obligations under certain reinsurance contracts.
5) Pension contributions include funding estimates for defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution pension plans and other post-employment plans. These contributions are
   subject to change, as contribution decisions are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements and management’s ability to change funding policy.
   Funding estimates beyond 2026 are excluded due to the significant variability in the assumptions required to project the timing of future contributions.




68      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            55

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                      B  55
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Return on Equity (ROE)
                                                                                                                                                                                    Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                                     2025                2024 (Restated)
                                      Base ROE1 by segment
                                        United States                                                                                                                                       20.1 %                     18.1 %
                                        Canada                                                                                                                                              17.2 %                     17.1 %
                                        Europe                                                                                                                                              18.8 %                     16.1 %
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                          42.8 %                     42.2 %
                                      Lifeco base ROE excluding Corporate1                                                                                                                  20.9 %                     19.3 %
                                      Consolidated base ROE1                                                                                                                                18.2 %                     17.5 %
                                                                           2
                                      ROE - continuing operations by segment
                                        United States                                                                                                                                       18.3 %                     15.8 %
                                        Canada                                                                                                                                              17.2 %                     19.7 %
                                        Europe                                                                                                                                              11.2 %                     15.9 %
                                        Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                          38.2 %                     32.3 %
                                      Lifeco ROE excluding Corporate - continuing operations2                                                                                               18.2 %                     18.6 %
                                      Consolidated ROE - continuing operations2                                                                                                             15.5 %                     16.7 %
                                  1    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.

                                  The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated capital required by each segment on a standalone
                                  basis.
                                  •       Lifeco's consolidated base ROE as at December 31, 2025 increased by 0.7 percentage points compared to December 31,




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                          2024. The increase was primarily due to higher base earnings, offset by higher average equity over the trailing four quarters
                                          ended December 31, 2025.
                                  •       Lifeco's consolidated ROE as at December 31, 2025 decreased by 1.2 percentage points compared to December 31, 2024.
                                          The decrease was primarily due to lower net earnings and higher average equity over the trailing four quarters ended
                                          December 31, 2025.

                                  Ratings
                                  Lifeco and its operating companies maintain ratings from five independent ratings companies. Credit ratings1 are intended to
                                  provide investors with an independent measure of the credit quality of a corporation and securities of a corporation and are
                                  indicators of the likelihood of payment and the capacity of a corporation to meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of
                                  each obligation.
                                  Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, are assigned a group rating from each rating agency. This group rating is
                                  predominantly supported by leading positions in the Canadian insurance market and competitive positions in the U.S. and
                                  Europe. Each of Lifeco's operating companies benefit from the strong implicit financial support and collective ownership by
                                  Lifeco.
                                  During 2025, the existing credit ratings for Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries were unchanged. As of December 31,
                                  2025, all agency outlooks for Lifeco’s rated entities were unchanged at stable.




                                  1    These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries and do not address market price or other factors that might determine
                                       suitability of a specific security for a particular investor. The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision or
                                       withdrawal at any time by the rating agency.
                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report       69

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis                56

                                         B  56                                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


The following table summarizes Lifeco’s issuer credit rating and the financial strength ratings for Lifeco’s major operating
subsidiaries:

                                                                      AM Best                              Moody's             Morningstar            S&P Global
             Company                       Ratings Type               Company      Fitch Ratings           Ratings               DBRS                  Ratings
Great-West Lifeco Inc.                    Issuer Credit
                                                                           A            A+                 Not Rated              A (high)                 A+
                                          Rating
The Canada Life Assurance                 Financial
Company                                                                   A+            AA                    Aa3                    AA                    AA
                                          Strength Rating
Empower Annuity Insurance                 Financial
Company of America                                                        A+            AA                    Aa3                Not Rated                 AA
                                          Strength Rating

For a complete listing of credit ratings for Great-West Lifeco and its major operating subsidiaries, please refer to the "Investor
Relations" section of the Company's website at www.greatwestlifeco.com.

Risk Management

Risk Management Overview
As a diverse financial services company, effective risk management is critical to its success. The Company is committed to a
comprehensive system of risk management, that is embedded throughout all business activities, structured around a three
lines of defense model and overseen by the Board. The three lines of defense include business unit and support functions,
oversight functions including actuarial, finance, risk and compliance, and the Company's internal audit function.
The Company has a prudent and measured approach to risk management, reinforced by a strong risk culture and guided by an
integrated Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Framework. This framework aligns the Company's business strategy with its
risk appetite, informs capital allocation and supports the identification, mitigation and management of potential risks and




                                                                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
opportunities.
The Company’s Risk Function develops and maintains the Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), supporting policies and risk limits,
while providing independent oversight across the Company. Although the Company takes steps to anticipate and minimize
risks, no framework can guarantee that all risks are fully managed and mitigated effectively. Unforeseen events may affect the
Company's business, financial condition and results of operations and changes to the framework may be necessary to keep
pace with the growth of, and changes in, its businesses.
This Risk Management disclosure has three main sections: ERM Framework, Principal Risk Categories and Exposures and
Sensitivities.




70   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      57

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                           B  57
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Enterprise Risk Management Framework
                                  The Company’s Board and Management Committees provide oversight of the ERM Framework, which consists of five
                                  components: Risk Culture, Risk Governance, RAF, Risk Processes and Risk Infrastructure & Policies.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                  Risk Culture
                                  Risk culture is the system of norms, values, attitudes and behaviours that influences and informs risk decision-making. The
                                  Company's risk culture embodies a collective responsibility to meet its commitments to stakeholders, guided by its corporate
                                  purpose and core values with a customer-first approach. The Company protects its financial strength and reputation while
                                  responsibly growing shareholder value in a manner that balances the interests of all stakeholders.



                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   71

                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            58
                                      B  58                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


This culture is instilled through a mindset of risk awareness as demonstrated by:
•    A consistent tone from the Board, senior management and throughout the organization, reinforcing behavioural and
     ethical expectations, and alignment of business decisions with the Company's strategy, corporate purpose, core values and
     risk appetite.
•    An understanding that risk is inherent to the Company's business success and represents opportunity when managed
     effectively.
•    An individual and shared commitment to continuous risk management, with clear accountability and ownership of
     specific risks.
•    Rewarding positive risk-taking and management behaviours while challenging and correcting those that are inconsistent
     with the Company's corporate purpose, core values or risk appetite.
•    Encouraging the reporting of risk events and having robust whistleblowing processes, actively seeking to learn from
     mistakes and near misses.
•    Being accountable to all stakeholders.
•    Recognizing that risk management is the responsibility of all employees, officers and directors, both individually and
     collectively. Risk management skills and knowledge are developed and are essential to the Company's ongoing success.
     Effective challenge is expected and respected across all business operations and all three lines of defence. Oversight and
     assurance functions are valued and appropriately resourced throughout the organization.
Risk Governance
Risk governance sets out the roles and responsibilities for management, the Board of Directors and Board Committees.
Board of Directors




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The mandate of the Board, which it discharges directly or through one of its Committees, is to oversee the management of the
Company’s business and operations. The Board holds ultimate accountability for the governance and oversight of risk across
the Company. Each year, the Board approves the Company’s strategic goals, objectives, plans and initiatives, reviewing the
risks associated with the Company’s diverse businesses, strategic goals and high priority initiatives. Key risk responsibilities
include:
•    Approving the ERM Policy and RAF, in addition to periodically approving policies designed to support the independence
     of the Risk, Finance, Actuarial and Compliance oversight functions, as well as the Internal Audit assurance function.
•    Monitoring the implementation and maintenance of appropriate systems, policies, procedures and controls to manage the
     risks associated with the Company’s businesses and operations.
•    Approving the Company’s business, financial and capital plans each year and monitoring their implementation by
     management.
•    Adopting a Code of Conduct for Directors, officers and employees of the Company, upon the recommendation of the Risk
     Committee.
•    Overseeing the Company’s sustainability strategy, monitoring management’s execution of this strategy and reviewing the
     related impacts, risks, initiatives and reporting.
Risk Committee
The Risk Committee of the Board is responsible for assisting the Board with risk management oversight and governance
throughout the Company. The Risk Committee's responsibilities include:
•    Reviewing and overseeing the ERM Policy and RAF.
•    Approving the risk limit framework, associated risk limits and monitoring adherence to those limits.
•    Reviewing, approving and overseeing credit, market and liquidity, insurance, operational, conduct, strategic and other risk
     policies.
•    Discussing risks in aggregate and by type of risk, including actions taken or planned to mitigate those risks where
     appropriate.
•    Reviewing and assessing the effectiveness of risk management across the Company including processes for the effective
     identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting on significant current and emerging risks.
•    Reviewing relevant reports, including stress testing and Financial Condition Testing.

72   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      59

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  59
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  •   Reviewing and approving the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) Report.
                                  •   Periodically approving the Recovery Plan Playbook.
                                  •   Reviewing and monitoring of compliance with the Company's Code of Conduct and evaluating the Company’s risk culture.
                                  •   Periodically considering and providing input on the relationships between risk and compensation.
                                  •   Approving the organizational and reporting structures, budget and resources of the Risk and Compliance functions.
                                  •   Reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval the appointment and/or removal of the CRO and the CCO, with
                                      input from the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Board Chair, as appropriate.
                                  The Risk Committee is required to meet, at least annually, with the Audit Committee and with the Company's Chief Internal
                                  Auditor. The Risk Committee meets with the Investment Committee as appropriate.
                                  Audit Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Audit Committee is to review the financial statements of the Company and public disclosure
                                  containing financial information, and non-financial disclosures either required to be included in those reports or that require
                                  audit or assurance by an independent third-party expert, and to report on such reviews to the Board, to be satisfied that
                                  adequate procedures are in place for the review of the Company’s public disclosures containing financial information and to
                                  oversee the work and review the independence of the external auditor. The mandate also includes the responsibility to
                                  recommend to the Board the appointment and/or removal of the Appointed Actuary, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief
                                  Internal Auditor, to review and approve their mandates, to assess their performance, to review the independence and assess
                                  the effectiveness of each of the Finance, Actuarial and Internal Audit functions and to review and approve their organizational
                                  structures and resources. The Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing, evaluating and approving the internal control
                                  procedures that are implemented and maintained by management. The Audit Committee is required to meet, at least annually
                                  with the Risk Committee.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Conduct Review Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Conduct Review Committee is to require management to establish satisfactory procedures for the
                                  consideration and approval of transactions with related parties, to review and, if deemed appropriate, to approve related party
                                  transactions.
                                  Governance and Nominating Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Governance and Nominating Committee is to oversee the Company’s approach to governance
                                  matters, to recommend to the Board effective corporate governance policies and processes, to assess the effectiveness of the
                                  Board, Board Committees and of the Directors, and to recommend to the Board candidates for election as Directors and
                                  candidates for appointment to Board Committees.
                                  Human Resources Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Human Resources Committee is to support the Board in its oversight of compensation, talent
                                  management and succession planning. This includes the responsibility to approve compensation policies, to review the
                                  designs of major compensation programs, to approve compensation arrangements and any benefit or perquisite plan for
                                  senior executives of the Company and to recommend to the Board compensation arrangements for the Directors and for the
                                  President and Chief Executive Officer. The mandate also includes the responsibility to review succession plans for the
                                  President and Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives, to review talent management programs and initiatives and
                                  to review the leadership capabilities required to support the advancement of the Company’s strategic objectives. The Human
                                  Resources Committee is also responsible for considering the implications of the risks associated with the Company’s
                                  compensation policies, plans and practices.
                                  Investment Committee
                                  The primary mandate of the Investment Committee is to oversee the Company’s global investment strategy and activities,
                                  including approving the Company’s Investment Policy and monitoring the Company’s compliance with the investment policy.
                                  The mandate also includes reviewing the Company’s annual investment plan and monitoring the Company’s investment
                                  performance and results against the annual investment plan and monitoring emerging risks, market trends and performance,
                                  investment regulatory issues and any other matters relevant to the oversight of the Company’s global investment function,
                                  including sustainability matters.




                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   73

                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            60

                                      B  60                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Reinsurance Committee
The primary mandate of the Reinsurance Committee is to advise on the Company’s reinsurance transactions. The mandate
also includes reviewing and approving management’s recommendations with respect to policies applicable to reinsurance.
Senior Management Risk Committees
The Executive Risk Management Committee (ERMC) is the senior management committee responsible for overseeing all types
of risk and the implementation of the ERM Framework. Its members include the President and Chief Executive Officer, heads of
major business segments, key oversight functions and support functions as appropriate. The Committee reviews compliance
with the RAF, risk policies and standards, assesses the risk impact of business strategies, capital and financial plans and
material initiatives. Authority for approving and managing lower level risk limits is delegated from the Board Risk Committee to
the ERMC. The ERMC is chaired by the Chief Risk Officer and is advised by three enterprise-wide sub-committees:
•    Market and Credit Risk Committee
•    Insurance Risk Committee
•    Operational Risk Committee
These sub-committees are responsible for the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of their
respective risks. Additionally, each business segment has its own executive risk management committee to oversee and
monitor risks and the implementation of the ERM Framework within the respective segment.
Management Accountabilities
The Company employs a Three Lines of Defense model to clearly segregate risk management and risk oversight responsibilities
and applies the ERM Framework across the enterprise.
•    First Line: Business units and support functions, including Investment Management, Human Resources, Information




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     Services and Legal, are the ultimate owners of risk and have primary responsibility and accountability for risk management
     through day-to-day operations.
•    Second Line: The Risk Function has primary responsibility for independent oversight and challenge of risk management
     practices of the first line of defense.
•    Third Line: Internal Audit provides independent assurance on the adequacy and effectiveness of the ERM Framework.
The Chief Risk Officer (CRO) reports directly to both the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Board Risk Committee.
The CRO is responsible for ensuring that the Risk Function is properly resourced and effective. The CRO’s responsibilities
include reporting on compliance with the ERM Policy and RAF and escalating matters that require attention.
Risk resources and capabilities are aligned with business segments and operating units. Additional support is provided by
centrally based risk expertise.
Risk Appetite Framework
The Company has established a RAF that includes the following elements:
•    Risk Strategy: Outlines the Company’s risk philosophy and its alignment with the business strategy.
•    Risk Appetite Statement: Outlines the overall level and types of risk that the Company is willing to accept to achieve its
     business objectives.
•    Risk Preference: Provides a qualitative description of risk tolerances.
•    Risk Limit Framework: Includes quantitative components, such as limits and escalation processes, to manage and
     monitor risk levels.
Risk Strategy
The Company's purpose is to help its customers achieve financial security and well-being, build stronger, more inclusive and
financially secure futures. Effective and efficient risk management is key to achieving these aims. This is achieved by:
•    Establishing a risk aware culture that is integrated into all business activities with a risk governance model based on three
     lines of defense. Business units are accountable for risk-taking decisions, the Risk Function provides independent
     oversight and challenge, Internal Audit provides independent assurance of the ERM Framework;
•    Employing a prudent and measured approach to risk-taking;
•    Conducting business to protect the Company’s reputation and deliver fair customer outcomes through maintaining high
     standards of integrity as outlined in the employee Code of Conduct and through sound sales and marketing practices; and
74   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      61

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  61
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  •   Driving profitable growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet to generate returns and enhance shareholder value.
                                  Risk Appetite Statement
                                  The Company’s Risk Appetite Statement has four key components:
                                  •   Strong Capital Position: The Company intends to maintain a strong balance sheet and not take risks that would
                                      jeopardize its financial strength;
                                  •   Mitigated Earnings Volatility: The Company seeks to avoid substantial earnings volatility through appropriate
                                      diversification and limiting exposure to more volatile lines of business;
                                  •   Strong Liquidity: The Company intends to maintain a high quality, diversified investment portfolio with sufficient
                                      liquidity to meet the demands of policyholder and financing obligations under normal and stressed conditions; and
                                  •   Treating Our Customers Fairly and Maintaining the Company's Reputation: The Company seeks to maintain a high
                                      standing and positive reputation with all stakeholders including its customers, counterparties, creditors and other
                                      stakeholders. This includes building and maintaining trust, fair treatment of customers, full consideration of corporate
                                      social responsibility and effective management of sustainability and reputational risks.
                                  Risk Preference
                                  The Company has defined qualitative risk preferences for each risk type, assigning a risk preference level to guide
                                  understanding and management of these risks. Risk exposure is regularly measured, with risk tolerances quantitatively
                                  expressed through specific constraints on the Company's risk profile within established limits. Maximum guidelines are in
                                  place to monitor risk concentration and inform the risk limit setting process.
                                  Risk Limit Framework
                                  The Company has implemented a comprehensive structure of risk limits and controls, which are segmented by business unit




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  and risk type. The limit structure is supported by comprehensive limit approval and excess management processes for the
                                  effective governance and oversight of the RAF.
                                  The Company and its subsidiaries operate under various regulatory regimes. The capital requirements under these regulatory
                                  capital regimes are factored into the development of risk limits. Business units are responsible for operating within the
                                  established risk appetite and the risk limit framework, while also meeting local regulatory requirements.
                                  Risk Processes
                                  The Company’s risk processes follow a cycle of identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting and are
                                  designed to ensure that both current and emerging risks are assessed against the RAF.
                                  Risk Identification, Measurement and Management
                                  Risk identification involves the structured analysis of current and emerging risks designed to ensure they are understood and
                                  appropriately managed. Processes are in place to identify, assess, prioritize and address risks across all business initiatives,
                                  including investment strategies, product design, annual planning, budgeting and significant transactions including but not
                                  limited to potential acquisitions and disposals.
                                  Risk measurement enables the quantification and assessment of the Company’s risk profile, which is monitored against risk
                                  limits. Material business developments or strategy changes require an independent assessment of risk, including potential
                                  impacts on reputation, capital, earnings and liquidity. Stress and scenario testing is used to evaluate risk exposures relative to
                                  the Company’s risk appetite. Sensitivity testing assesses the impact of specific risks independent of other risks. Scenario testing
                                  examines the combined impact of multiple risk exposures.
                                  Where necessary, the Company develops mitigation strategies to manage them proactively. Risk management involves
                                  selecting approaches to accept, reject, transfer, avoid or control risk, including mitigation plans. This is supported by a control
                                  framework for both financial and non-financial risks that includes risk limits, Risk Function Indicators (RFIs) and stress and
                                  scenario testing designed to ensure timely escalation and resolution of potential issues.
                                  The Risk Function is responsible for ensuring consistent application of the risk appetite across the Company and for
                                  establishing limits designed to ensure compliance with the risk appetite and Company-wide risk policies. The Risk Function
                                  provides ongoing, independent challenge to the first line of defense. In cases of significant internal or external changes that
                                  may introduce new risks or amplify existing risks, the Risk Function provides formal Risk Opinions or thematic reviews.
                                  Risk Monitoring, Reporting and Escalation
                                  Risk monitoring involves the continuous oversight and tracking of the Company’s risk exposures designed to ensure that
                                  current risk management strategies remain effective. Monitoring may also identify potential opportunities for risk-taking.

                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   75

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            62

                                      B  62                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Risk reporting presents a clear, accurate and timely view of existing and emerging risk issues and exposures as well as their
potential impact on business activities. It highlights the Company’s risk profile in relation to the established risk appetite and
limits.
A well-defined escalation protocol is in place to address any excesses against thresholds or limits set by the RAF, risk policies or
operating standards and guidelines. Remediation plans are reviewed and monitored by the Risk Function and escalated to
designated management and Board committees, as necessary.
Risk Infrastructure and Policies
The Company’s organizational structure and infrastructure is established to provide the necessary resources and risk systems
to support comprehensive risk policies, operating standards, guidelines and processes. The Company endeavours to take a
consistent approach to risk management across key risk types.
Risk management and oversight requirements are codified in a set of guiding documents composed of risk policies, operating
standards and associated guidelines. This framework provides detailed and effective guidance across all risk management
processes, promoting a consistent approach to risk management and oversight across the Company’s business segments.
These documents are regularly reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors, the Board Risk Committee or a senior
management committee, following an established authority hierarchy. Each business segment maintains and develops similar
policy structures to align with the Company’s overall risk framework.

Principal Risk Categories
The Company’s risk profile is impacted by a variety of risks and its risk management and independent oversight processes are
tailored to the type, volatility and magnitude of each risk. The Company has defined specific risk management and oversight
processes for risks, broadly grouped in the following categories:
1. Market and Liquidity Risk




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
2. Credit Risk
3. Insurance Risk
4. Operational Risk
5. Conduct Risk
6. Strategic Risk
Protecting the Company's reputation is a fundamental component of its RAF. Reputation impacts refer to loss as a result of
damage to the Company's image, brand and standing in the market due to negative public perception. Reputation impact is an
overarching consideration across all identified risks within the Company’s risk taxonomy. This approach is intended to ensure
that potential impacts to reputation are evaluated and managed in conjunction with other risk categories, reinforcing the
Company’s commitment to maintain a positive reputation with customers, counterparties, creditors and other stakeholders.
Market and Liquidity Risk
Market risk is the potential for loss due to changes in market rates and prices – including interest rates and spreads, real estate
values, foreign exchange rates, and equity prices. This risk stems from business activities including investment transactions
that result in both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet exposures.
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company may be unable to generate sufficient funds to meet its obligations – including off-
balance sheet commitments – as they come due.
Market and Liquidity Risk Management
The Company’s Market & Liquidity Risk Policy establishes the framework and guiding principles for managing market and
liquidity risks. This policy is supported by detailed policies and guidelines.
A robust governance structure underpins the management of these risks. Business units – including the Investment Division –
are the ultimate owners of market and liquidity risk and are responsible for identifying, measuring, managing, monitoring and
reporting these risks. The Company has established risk limits and other measures to provide for alignment with the
Company's RAF. The Risk Function collaborates with business units and oversight functions to identify current and emerging
risks and take appropriate action when necessary.
Oversight is provided by a senior management committee, which reviews and recommends risk limits, policies, compliance
matters, and mitigation strategies. Each business segment also maintains its own oversight and operating committees to
manage market and liquidity risks within its scope.
As a consequence of its business model, the Company is exposed to market and liquidity risks and seeks to mitigate them
wherever practical. A broad range of risk mitigation techniques – including derivatives-based hedging – are used to manage
76   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      63

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  63
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  market risks. Hedging strategies include product-level hedging, tactical portfolio hedging and macro hedging programs. To
                                  manage liquidity risk, the Company maintains a high-quality, diversified investment portfolio with sufficient liquidity to meet
                                  policyholder and financial obligations under both normal and stressed conditions.
                                  Details of risks and related risk management activities within the broader market and liquidity risk categories are provided in
                                  the sections that follow.
                                  Interest Rate and Spread Risk
                                  Interest rate and spread risk refers to the potential loss due to changes in future interest rates or credit spreads that affect cash
                                  flows of assets relative to liabilities as well as assets backing surplus. This risk also includes changes in the amount and timing
                                  of cash flows due to product features, including interest rate guarantees and book value surrender benefits in the liabilities.
                                  The Company is primarily exposed to interest rate and spread risk through certain general fund and segregated fund products.
                                  Products with fixed and predictable benefit payments create exposure if asset returns do not match liability obligations.
                                  Products with less predictable payments add complexity.
                                  The Company’s Asset Liability Management (ALM) strategy is designed to mitigate interest rate and spread risks associated
                                  with general fund products, with the general approach being to match asset cash flows with insurance and investment contract
                                  obligations. Products with similar risk profiles are grouped together, and the supporting asset portfolios are structured to match
                                  the characteristics of the related liabilities, such as cash flow patterns, crediting strategies, and other product features.
                                  For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, the Company typically invests in fixed income assets or
                                  investment properties that closely match the timing and amount of liability cash flows. Where assets are not available to match
                                  certain cash flows, such as long-term obligations, a portion are invested in equities and other non-fixed income assets. Hedging
                                  instruments are also employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of exposure to
                                  interest rate changes.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, the Company invests in fixed income assets with shorter
                                  durations than the expected timing of payments, or in equities and other non-fixed income assets. The risks from mismatches
                                  in duration, asset prepayments, and the pace of asset acquisition are regularly measured and reviewed.
                                  For certain general fund products, the account values of the underlying policies increase through the application of crediting
                                  rates, or through policyholder dividends. Crediting rates and policyholder dividends are set taking into account interest rate
                                  and spread risk, and many of these products share risks and returns with policyholders. The Company mitigates interest rate
                                  and spread risk through investment strategies and product design. The Company also maintains a high quality, diversified and
                                  liquid investment portfolio with a distribution of asset maturities by year.
                                  A rapid rise in interest rates or spreads may adversely affect the Company if it needs to dispose of fixed income securities to
                                  meet contractual surrender benefits. Surrender terms are clearly defined in contracts. For group contracts, the terms depend
                                  on whether the exit is initiated by a plan or a plan participant, and on the nature of the exit. For example, plan terminations
                                  may be subject to delay conditions, and discretionary withdrawals may have market value adjustments for exits payable
                                  immediately. Additionally, a rapid rise in interest rates may lead to additional regulatory capital requirements in certain
                                  circumstances, depending on the extent of the increase. The Company uses reinsurance to partially offset this risk for some
                                  products.
                                  A prolonged low-interest rate environment may adversely impact the Company's earnings and capital and could impact its
                                  business strategy. In such environments, new fixed income investments typically yield less, reducing investment income.
                                  Hedging costs may also increase, and early repayment on investments such as mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed
                                  securities and callable bonds, could force reinvestment at lower yields, further reducing investment income. Additionally,
                                  lower interest rates increase capital requirements for guaranteed products (e.g., Canada participating products), with
                                  sensitivity to market movements increasing as rates decrease. The Company may also be required to make payments to satisfy
                                  guarantees (e.g., on products with guaranteed minimum crediting rates). The Company uses hedging strategies to partially
                                  offset this risk.
                                  The Company has several product-level hedging programs to manage interest rate risk, particularly for products with
                                  guaranteed minimum benefits or investment guarantees. These dynamic hedging programs use derivative instruments, such
                                  as interest rate swaps, to offset changes in the economic value of liabilities. Hedge portfolios are regularly rebalanced within
                                  approved thresholds and rebalancing criteria.
                                  For products with benefits or expenses linked to inflation – such as inflation-indexed annuities, pensions, or disability claims –
                                  the Company manages risk through product design features like inflation caps and floors and by investing in index-linked and
                                  real return instruments.



                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   77

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           64

                                      B  64                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Non-Fixed Income Risk
Non-Fixed Income (NFI) risk refers to the potential loss from changes in the level or the volatility of asset prices such as public
and private equity, and real estate. The Company’s main exposure to equity risk arises from three sources: direct equity
investments, equity guarantee risk, and equity fee income risk associated with assets under management.
For very long-dated liabilities, it is not practical to match cash flows closely using fixed-income investments. In these cases, the
Company aims to achieve long-term investment returns sufficient to meet liability obligations by backing them with a
diversified asset portfolio. This portfolio may include equities, real estate, and long-dated fixed-income instruments. To
manage the associated equity risk, the Company adheres to approved investment and risk policies, which permit general fund
investments in equity markets within defined limits.
Product design plays a key role in managing equity guarantee risk. The Company carefully considers pricing, terms, and
guarantees during product development. Most of the equity guarantees offered through segregated fund products are well out
of the money, reflecting low risk profile (e.g., low level of guarantees, diversified age mix). Further, fee revenue is influenced by
asset values, which can fluctuate as equity and other NFI markets move.
The Company has several product-level hedging programs to manage equity risk relating to products with guaranteed
minimum benefits or investment guarantees. These programs use derivative instruments, such as short positions in equity
index futures, to protect against changes in the economic value of liabilities. Hedge portfolios are regularly rebalanced within
approved thresholds and rebalancing criteria.
The Company's product-level hedging programs are supplemented by a general macro hedging strategy. The macro hedge
program is contingent and would only be activated under specific conditions determined by the Company. Its purpose is to
reduce exposure to extreme equity market movements (tail-risk) and to maintain overall capital sensitivity to equity market
movements within Board-approved risk appetite limits. The program is designed to hedge a portion of the Company's capital
sensitivity due to movements in equity markets arising from sources outside of dynamically hedged segregated fund and




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
variable annuity guaranteed withdrawal benefit exposures. There have been no macro hedge transactions executed and there
are currently no assets supporting the macro hedge program.
Real estate risk is another component of NFI risk. Losses can result from changes in the value or expected cash flows of the
Company's real estate investments. This risk affects both general fund assets and segregated fund investments. The Company’s
real estate exposure comes from direct property holdings and from fixed income instruments backed by real estate, such as
mortgages and mortgage-backed securities. These investments are well diversified by asset type, property type and geographic
location, and are generally concentrated in high-quality properties.
Foreign Exchange Risk
Foreign exchange risk refers to the potential for loss due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates relative to the Company’s
reporting currency. To mitigate this risk, the Company typically aligns the currency of general fund investments with that of the
corresponding insurance and investment contract liabilities, either directly or through the use of derivatives, such as forward
contracts and cross-currency swaps.
The Company also holds net investments in foreign operations, meaning its revenues, expenses and income denominated in
foreign currencies are subject to exchange rate fluctuations. These fluctuations affect financial results. The Company is
particularly exposed to the U.S. dollar through its U.S. operations, including Empower and the Reinsurance business unit
within the Capital and Risk Solutions segment. Exposure to the British pound and euro arises from business lines within the
Europe and Capital and Risk solutions segments.
Under IFRS, foreign currency gains and losses on net investments in foreign operations – after hedging and taxes – are recorded
in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Changes in the Canadian dollar compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound
and euro at period-end affect total share capital and surplus, as well as book value per share and capital ratios monitored by
rating agencies.
•    A 5% appreciation (depreciation) of the average exchange rate of the Canadian dollar relative to each of the U.S. dollar,
     euro and British pound would decrease (increase) net earnings in 2025 by $114 million, $35 million and $23 million,
     respectively.
•    A 5% appreciation (depreciation) of the Canadian dollar end-of-period market rate compared to each of the U.S. dollar,
     British pound and euro would decrease (increase) the unrealized foreign currency translation gains, in accumulated other
     comprehensive income (loss) by approximately $603 million, $114 million and $78 million, respectively, as at
     December 31, 2025.
To manage this volatility, the Company may use forward foreign currency contracts and foreign currency denominated debt to
hedge net investments in foreign operations.

78   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      65

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  65
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  The Company employs non-GAAP financial measures, such as constant currency calculations, to help communicate the
                                  impact of currency fluctuations on financial results.
                                  Liquidity Risk
                                  Liquidity risk is the potential inability of the Company to generate sufficient funds to meet its obligations as they come due.
                                  The Company’s liquidity risk management framework and limits are designed to ensure it can meet cash and collateral
                                  commitments under both normal conditions and periods of severe liquidity stress.
                                  In a stress scenario, additional liquidity demands may arise from increased policyholder withdrawals (refer to the “Interest
                                  Rate and Spread Risk” section of this document for additional details), derivative collateral demands, reinsurance obligations
                                  and loan renewals. The Company maintains a low appetite for liquidity risk and actively seeks to mitigate it.
                                  Liquidity risk is managed through product design, maintaining adequate high-quality liquid assets (HQLA), ensuring sufficient
                                  eligible collateral for derivative transactions, and retaining access to committed banking facilities to cover unexpected
                                  payments. Effective matching of asset and liability cashflows reduces reliance on HQLA and banking facilities for unanticipated
                                  outflows, such as higher-than-expected claims or policy lapses.
                                  Approximately 67% of the Company’s insurance and investment contract liabilities (excluding liabilities held on account of
                                  segregated fund policyholders) are subject to discretionary withdrawal. These liabilities primarily relate to U.S. general account
                                  and Canadian participating account businesses. U.S. pension products sold to employee benefit plan sponsors include contract
                                  provisions with certain restrictions on withdrawals. While plan participants can redeem at their account value, the Company
                                  retains the right to apply market value adjustments or delay payments for most plan sponsor terminations. Participating
                                  account policies provide lifetime insurance coverage, which is forfeited upon surrender. The Company also maintains a high
                                  quality, diversified investment portfolio with staggered maturities to support liquidity needs. For segregated funds, contract
                                  terms are generally structured to mitigate liquidity risk from discretionary withdrawals.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  For further details on the Company's financial instrument risk management policies, refer to note 7 of the Company's
                                  December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements.
                                  Credit Risk
                                  Credit risk refers to the potential loss resulting from a counterparty’s inability or refusal to meet its contractual obligations or
                                  when the counterparty's credit rating deteriorates. Defaults, impairments, or downgrades in the investment portfolio may lead
                                  to realized or unrealized losses and higher asset default provisions, negatively affecting the Company’s earnings and capital
                                  position.
                                  Credit risk arises whenever funds are extended, committed or invested through formal or implied agreements. Key
                                  components of credit risk include: loan loss/principal risk, pre-settlement/replacement risk and settlement risk. Credit
                                  exposures stem from various counterparties, including issuers, borrowers, brokers, policyholders, reinsurers, derivative
                                  counterparties and guarantors.
                                  The Company’s primary credit exposure comes from investments in fixed income securities (including government and
                                  corporate bonds, commercial and residential mortgages, structured securities, and private loans/funds), which support
                                  policyholder liabilities. Additional exposure arises from financial contracts, such as reinsurance and derivatives, used to
                                  manage insurance and market risks or as part of core business operations. These exposures are incorporated into the
                                  Company's risk profile.
                                  Credit Risk Management
                                  The Company’s credit risk management framework is designed to minimize risk through diversification, internal credit
                                  analysis, and active monitoring. Diversification is achieved by setting concentration limits across asset classes, issuers, credit
                                  ratings, industries, and geographies. All transactions follow established approval protocols. Credit risk is regularly assessed
                                  against the RAF, including stress testing to evaluate potential impacts under adverse scenarios.
                                  A structured governance model supports credit risk oversight. Business units, such as Investment Management, are
                                  responsible for identifying, measuring, managing, monitoring and reporting credit risk. Oversight is provided by a senior
                                  management committee that reviews exposures, sets risk limits and monitors compliance. Each business segment maintains
                                  its own oversight and operating committees to manage credit risk. The Company enforces risk limits and other measures to
                                  align with its RAF.
                                  The Company has also established specific policies, including Investment Policies with investment limits for each asset class,
                                  and a Credit Risk Policy that defines the credit risk management framework. Additional supporting policies and guidelines
                                  provide detailed operational guidance.



                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   79

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            66

                                      B  66                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Credit risk is identified through an internal risk rating system, which assesses an obligor’s creditworthiness based on business
risks, financial profile, structural considerations and security characteristics including seniority and covenants. Ratings follow a
scale aligned with external rating agencies and Company policies are designed to ensure internal ratings do not exceed the
highest ratings provided by select independent rating agencies.
The Risk Function reviews and approves ratings for new investments and monitors the appropriateness of ratings for existing
exposures. It also assigns key credit risk parameters including probability of default, rating transition rates, loss given default,
and exposure at default, to quantify the Company’s overall credit risk profile.
To manage risk, the Risk Function sets limits, conducts stress and scenario testing (both stochastic and deterministic), and
monitors alignment with the RAF. Credit risk reports are regularly provided to executive management, the Board Risk
Committee and other governance bodies. Investment Management and the Risk Function jointly monitor exposures against
limits and manage any excesses. Investment Management conducts ongoing surveillance of credit outlooks and performs
regular reviews of obligors and counterparties, combining bottom-up credit analysis with top-down macroeconomic and
industry assessments. Watch lists are maintained for obligors experiencing heightened credit stress to support timely risk
mitigation.
Counterparty Risk
Counterparty risk arises from exposures to reinsurers and derivative counterparties.
•    Reinsurance is used to mitigate insurance risk but introduces credit risk if a reinsurer fails to meet its obligations. The
     Company regularly assesses reinsurers’ financial strength, guided by minimum standards set in the Reinsurance Risk
     Management Policy. To manage this risk, the Company promotes diversification and seeks collateral, or funds withheld
     arrangements where feasible.
•    Derivative contracts are primarily used to manage market risk. Derivative counterparty risk refers to the potential loss if a
     counterparty defaults. The Company trades derivatives through exchanges or with counterparties approved by the Board




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     or Investment Committee. Risk is mitigated through counterparty diversification and collateral arrangements. Potential
     future exposures are included in the Company’s total exposure calculations and monitored against single-name limits.
Insurance Risk
Insurance products involve commitments by the insurer to provide services and financial obligations with coverage for
extended periods of time. To provide insurance protection effectively, the Company must design and price products so that the
premiums received, along with investment income earned on those premiums, are sufficient to pay future claims and
expenses. This involves making assumptions about expected income, claims, expenses, policyholder behaviour and market
risks, which influence pricing and liabilities. As a result, the Company faces product design and pricing risks such as potential
financial losses if actual costs and liabilities exceed the pricing expectations.
Insurance risk is the risk of loss due to unfavourable changes in experience associated with contractual promises and
obligations arising from insurance contracts. This includes uncertainties related to the ultimate amount of net cash flows (such
as premiums, commissions, claims, payouts and settlement costs), the timing of those cash flows and the impact of
policyholder behaviour (such as policy lapses).
The Company recognizes six main types of insurance risk that may lead to financial losses: mortality risk, morbidity risk,
longevity risk, policyholder behaviour risk, expense risk and property & casualty risk. Mortality, morbidity, longevity and
expense risks are key business risks and managing these risks to create value is a core business activity. Policyholder behaviour
risk is mainly associated with offering core products and is accepted as a consequence of the business model, with mitigation
applied where appropriate. Property & casualty risk is selectively accepted, managed within defined risk limits and actively
controlled.
Insurance Risk Management
A governance structure has been established for the management of insurance risk. Business units are responsible for
identifying, measuring, managing, monitoring and reporting insurance risk. The Risk Function, supported by Corporate
Actuarial, oversees the insurance risk management framework. The Company has an Insurance Risk Committee, which is a
management committee that makes recommendations on insurance risk limits and policies, and reviews associated
compliance and mitigation. Each business segment has its own committees that oversee and manage insurance risk (among
other risks) within the segment.




80   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      67

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  67
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  The Company’s Insurance Risk Policy sets out the insurance risk management framework and provides the principles for
                                  insurance risk management. This policy is supported by several other policies and guidelines that provide detailed guidance.
                                  The Risk Function, in conjunction with the Actuarial Function, implements various processes to carry out its responsibility for
                                  oversight of insurance risk. The Risk Function assesses the insurance risk management processes of business units, such as
                                  product design and pricing, underwriting, claims adjudication, and reinsurance ceding and provides challenge as appropriate.
                                  The Risk Function works with business units and other oversight functions to identify current and emerging insurance risks
                                  and take appropriate action, if required. Insurance risk limits, risk budgets and RFIs are established to align the insurance risk
                                  profile with the Company’s risk appetite. The Risk Function regularly monitors the insurance risk profile and escalates any
                                  excesses for appropriate remediation. It performs stress testing and analysis of insurance risks, including review of experience
                                  studies and provides regular reporting on these activities to business units, senior management, and management-level risk
                                  oversight committees. The Risk Function also performs thematic reviews and enhances the monitoring and reporting of related
                                  risk exposures.
                                  Risks and risk management activities associated with the broad insurance risk categories are detailed below.
                                  Mortality and Morbidity Risk
                                  Mortality risk refers to the potential for loss due to unfavourable changes in mortality rates, where an increase in mortality rates
                                  leads to a decrease in current and/or expected future earnings.
                                  Morbidity risk refers to the potential for loss due to unfavourable changes in disability, health, dental, critical illness and other
                                  sickness rates where an increase in the incidence rate or a decrease in the disability recovery rate leads to a decrease in current
                                  and/or expected future earnings.
                                  There is a possibility that the Company may misestimate mortality or morbidity levels or write business which generates worse
                                  mortality and morbidity experience than expected.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  The Company employs the following practices to manage its mortality and morbidity risk:
                                  •   Regular research and analysis are conducted to establish pricing and valuation assumptions that reflect the insurance and
                                      reinsurance risks in markets where the Company operates.
                                  •   Underwriting limits, practices and policies are in place to manage risk exposure and align the selection of insured risks
                                      with claims expectations.
                                  •   The Company sets retention limits for mortality and morbidity risks, managing aggregate risk through a combination of
                                      reinsurance and capital market solutions to transfer the risk where appropriate.
                                  •   For group life products, exposure to a concentrated mortality event, due to concentration of risk in specific locations for
                                      example, could have an impact on financial results. To mitigate this risk, concentrations are monitored for new business
                                      and renewals. In certain geographies, the Company may set single-event limits on certain group plans and may refrain
                                      from quoting in areas where aggregate risk is considered excessive.
                                  •   Effective plan design and claims adjudication practices are crucial for managing both morbidity and mortality risks. For
                                      example, for group healthcare products, inflation and utilization can affect claims costs, which can be challenging to
                                      predict. The Company addresses these factors through plan designs that specify the level of coverage and limit long-term
                                      price guarantees, allowing for regular re-pricing based on emerging experience.
                                  •   The Company manages large blocks of business, which, in aggregate, are expected to result in relatively low statistical
                                      fluctuations within any given period. For some policies, risks are shared with policyholders through adjustments to future
                                      premiums or, in the case of participating policies, through changes in future policyholder dividends.
                                  Longevity Risk
                                  Longevity risk refers to the potential for loss due to unfavourable changes in mortality rates, where a decrease in these rates
                                  leads to a decrease in current and/or future earnings. Annuities, certain segregated fund products with Guaranteed Minimum
                                  Withdrawal Benefits and longevity reinsurance are priced and valued based on the life expectancy of the annuitant. There is a
                                  risk that annuitants may live longer than was estimated by the Company, which would increase the value of the associated
                                  insurance contract liabilities.
                                  Pricing for these products uses mortality assumptions based on recent Company and industry experience, as well as the latest
                                  research on developments that may impact expected future mortality.
                                  Aggregate risk is managed through reinsurance to transfer risk when appropriate and by considering capital market solutions
                                  when necessary.


                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   81

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           68

                                      B  68                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


The Company has established processes to verify annuitants’ eligibility for ongoing income benefits. These processes help
ensure that annuity payments accrue to those contractually entitled to receive them and that mortality data used to develop
pricing and valuation assumptions is as complete as possible.
Policyholder Behaviour Risk
Policyholder behaviour risk refers to the potential for loss due to unfavourable changes in the rates of policy lapses,
terminations, renewals, surrenders or the exercise of embedded policy options.
Products are priced and valued based on the expected duration of contracts and the exercise of contractual options. There is a
risk that contracts may be terminated earlier or later than anticipated in the pricing and design of the product. For contracts
where higher costs are incurred in the early years, there is a risk of termination before those expenses can be recovered.
Conversely, with certain long-term level premium products, where claims costs increase with age, there is risk that contracts
may be terminated later than expected.
Business is priced using policy termination assumptions which consider product designs and policyholder options, recent
Company and industry experience and the latest research on expected future trends. Assumptions are reviewed regularly and
are updated as necessary for both pricing of new policies and valuation of in-force policies.
The Company also incorporates early surrender charges into certain contracts and incorporates commission chargebacks in its
distribution agreements to reduce unrecovered expenses.
Policyholder taxation rules in many jurisdictions help encourage the retention of insurance coverage.
In addition to the risk associated with core product offerings, the Company also writes structured mass lapse reinsurance deals.
These covers are designed to provide capital relief for the Company's clients. Risks are managed by limiting the aggregate net
cash payout as well as country and counterparty concentration. The Company also incorporates product features to mitigate
risk (such as ability to cancel on relatively short notice and specified exclusions).




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Expense Risk
Expense risk refers to the potential for loss due to unexpected changes in expenses related to fee-for-service business or the
servicing and maintenance of insurance, savings or reinsurance contracts. This includes direct expenses and allocations of
overhead costs. This risk can arise from general economic conditions, unexpected increases in inflation, slower than
anticipated growth, or a reduction in productivity leading to increases in unit expenses. Expense risk occurs in products where
the Company cannot or will not pass increased costs onto the client and will manifest itself in the form of an insurance contract
liability increase or a reduction in expected future profits.
Expense management programs are regularly reviewed to ensure that expenses are controlled while providing effective service
delivery.
Property & Casualty Risk
Property & casualty risk refers to the risk of loss due to unfavourable experience related to property catastrophes and other
non-life coverages.
This risk is primarily associated with the Company’s reinsurance assumed business and can be divided into two main
categories:
•    Property catastrophe risk: The Company primarily assumes this risk as a retrocessionaire. Participation is generally at
     significantly higher event or experience loss exposures than primary carriers and reinsurers. Generally, an event or
     experience of significant severity must occur prior to the Company incurring a claim. If a claim does occur, it may affect
     multiple reinsurance contracts.
     Risks are managed by limiting the total maximum claim amount across all contracts and regularly monitoring the claims
     experience of cedant companies. This information is incorporated into pricing processes to ensure that the Company is
     adequately compensated for the risk undertaken.
•    Additional non-life risks: including motor, pet, third party liability, unemployment, title insurance and some limited
     property insurance. Treaties can take the form of coverage for particular lines of business or multiple lines of business.
     Risks are managed through risk limits established using a probable maximum loss approach. Treaties are on a structured
     basis which helps to mitigate risk exposures through mechanisms which may include maximum loss, loss carry forward
     and pricing margins. Given the range of risk exposures, these transactions are expected to provide significant
     diversification benefits, both among themselves and with the Company’s other risk exposures.




82   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      69

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  69
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Operational Risk
                                  Operational risk refers to the risk of loss due to issues with internal processes, people, and systems or from external events. This
                                  risk can arise from normal day-to-day operations or unexpected incidents and can lead to material financial losses and
                                  reputational impacts. The Company’s operations require multiple processes, systems and stakeholders to interact across the
                                  enterprise on an ongoing basis and as such, operational risk is a natural feature of the Company’s business model that cannot
                                  be fully eliminated.
                                  Effective operational risk management mitigates risks such as, but not limited to, technology, business continuity, physical
                                  security, fraud, and third-party risk, and strengthens the Company’s operational resilience, enabling it to successfully deliver
                                  critical services through disruption. Operational resilience emphasizes preparation, response, recovery, learning and
                                  adaptation by assuming singular or simultaneous disruptions, will occur.
                                  Operational Risk Management
                                  The Company actively manages operational risks to support operational resilience in key processes and services while
                                  maintaining a strong reputation and financial stability.
                                  The Company has processes in place to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report these risks.
                                  A governance structure is in place to manage operational risk, with business units as the ultimate owners responsible for
                                  identifying, measuring, managing, monitoring and reporting on these risks. To oversee operational risk, the Company has
                                  established an Operational Risk Committee that monitors, and reports on risks and makes recommendations on risk limits,
                                  policies, and mitigation strategies. Each business segment has its own oversight committees and operating committees to assist
                                  in managing operational risk across their business.
                                  The Company's Operational Risk Policy and Operational Resilience Risk Management Policy are supported by standards and
                                  guidelines for specialized functions. The Company applies controls for managing operational risk through integrated policies,




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  procedures and processes, weighing the cost/benefit of each control. Business areas monitor and refine processes and controls,
                                  and the Company’s Internal Audit department reviews them periodically. Financial reporting processes and controls are
                                  further examined by external auditors.
                                  The Company uses a combination of operational risk management methods, including risk and control assessments, risk event
                                  analyses and scenario testing. Risk and control assessments systematically identify potential operational risks and associated
                                  controls, while internal and external risk events are analyzed to identify root causes and recognize new potential risks and
                                  industry trends. Scenario analysis supports the identification and quantification of hypothetical but severe operational risk
                                  exposures. RFIs, risk appetite preferences, and other processes are leveraged to measure, manage and monitor operational
                                  risks.
                                  The Risk Function oversees the progress of mitigating risk exposures in a timely manner. Processes are in place to escalate
                                  significant matters to senior management to enable management to take appropriate action. The Risk Function regularly
                                  reports on the Company’s operational risk profile to executive management, the Board of Directors and various committees at
                                  enterprise, business segment and legal entity levels and regulatory bodies, as required.
                                  The Company also manages operational risks through a corporate insurance program, which mitigates a portion of the
                                  operational risk exposure by purchasing insurance coverage that provides protection against unexpected material losses from
                                  events such as property loss, cyber-attacks or damage and liability exposures. Insurance protection is determined based on the
                                  Company’s risk profile, risk appetite, risk tolerance, legal requirements and contractual obligations.
                                  Key operational risks and the Company’s approach to managing them are outlined below.
                                  Technology Risk
                                  Technology risk is the risk of loss from improper system or control design, improper operation, delivery of or unauthorized
                                  access to information and technology resources. This risk can significantly impact the Company’s ability to operate efficiently,
                                  comply with regulations, maintain its financial integrity, reputation and operational resilience. Technology risk includes cyber
                                  and information security risk, technology operations risk and technology delivery risk.
                                  Technology is critical to the Company’s business operations and customer-focused digital strategy. The Company faces
                                  ongoing technology and cyber risks from legacy systems, technology constraints and the advancement of techniques used in
                                  cyber-attacks.
                                  The Company continues to enhance risk management processes to improve the identification, measurement, management,
                                  monitoring and reporting of technology risk, including emerging and developing technologies such as artificial intelligence. As
                                  technology and business needs evolve, the Company’s strategy to manage technology and cyber risks includes policies that
                                  govern the technology environment and establish standards for information security, including:

                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   83

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            70

                                      B  70                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


•    multiple layers of technology designed to prevent unauthorized access, ransomware, distributed denial of service and
     other cyber-attacks;
•    coordinated global and regional information security offices that collect threat intelligence, detect, monitor and respond to
     security events and conduct regular threat and vulnerability assessments;
•    independent oversight by a Technology Risk Management team, providing a second line of defense by assessing mitigation
     efforts for technology and cyber-risks; and
•    regular cyber security awareness sessions and mandatory training for all employees.
Business Continuity Risk
Business continuity risk is the risk of loss as a result of the failure to maintain business processes and operations during adverse
events. These events can be natural, technological or human caused, and can result in disruptions affecting workplace access,
workforce availability, technology or the supply chain. Business continuity risk also includes the risk of loss resulting from the
reduction or non-availability of corporate facilities or physical assets.
A business continuity risk management framework has been implemented to manage business continuity risks. This
framework focuses on four key areas: emergency response, incident and crisis management, business continuity and
technology resilience which includes disaster recovery. It is supported by ongoing, planning exercising, training and awareness
activities to monitor its effectiveness.
Physical Security Risk
Physical security risk is the risk of damage or loss that may arise from natural, technological, or malicious threats, actions or
events involving people and physical assets. A physical asset risk management framework has been implemented to manage
physical security risks. This framework takes an integrated cross functional approach that involves multiple processes, systems,
and stakeholders working together to protect physical assets and the safety of individuals.




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Business Processing
Business processing risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed business processing, governance or general
process management relating to claims and benefits, client administration, financial transactions, investment management,
change management, new and renewal business, and product development and introduction.
Business processing is an inherent part of the business and the Company acts to manage and mitigate risks through the
establishment of a robust control environment to underpin its resilience.
Reporting Risk
Reporting risk is the risk of loss or material misstatement resulting from inadequate or uncompleted reporting. The inadequacy
can arise in processing, governance, oversight, communication or general management.
Reporting risk is an inherent part of the business and the Company takes steps to manage and mitigate risks through the
establishment of a robust control environment for core processes that support the effective disclosure of information to both
internal and external stakeholders.
Fraud Risk
Fraud risk is defined as the risk of loss due to acts that are intended to defraud, misappropriate assets or circumvent laws or
regulations by customers, suppliers, advisors, directors, officers, employees, on-site contractors or other third parties. This risk
is increasing for financial institutions due to financial pressures that may drive fraudulent behaviour and the growing
sophistication of organized and cyber fraud methods. Fraud can result in financial losses or impact the Company’s reputation
and negatively affect customers and other stakeholders.
The Company has implemented a formal program with governance, principles and process requirements outlined in a Fraud
Risk Management Policy and Operating Standard to prevent, detect, investigate and address fraud in a timely manner.
Additionally, the Code of Conduct and Fraud Risk Management Policy emphasize management’s commitment to integrity and
fostering strong fraud risk awareness.
Third-Party Risk
Third-party risk is the risk of loss due to a third-party failing to provide goods, services, business activities, protect data or
systems or otherwise exposing the Company to negative outcomes. This risk applies to external third parties and internal
arrangements between entities.
The Company strategically engages third parties to maintain cost efficiency, optimize internal resources and capital and access
skills, expertise and resources not otherwise available. Third-party engagements follow the principles outlined in the
84   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      71

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  71
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Company's Third-party Risk Management Policy. The Company uses a risk management framework and mitigation activities,
                                  such as risk assessments and due diligence, to manage and monitor third-party risk throughout the third-party lifecycle,
                                  including how they meet service standards and protect stakeholders and the interests of the Company.
                                  Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risk
                                  Legal and regulatory risk is the risk of loss from non-compliance with local or international laws, regulations, or industry
                                  standards, as well as civil or criminal litigation involving the Company. As a multi-national enterprise, the Company and its
                                  subsidiaries are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate, including
                                  Canada, the U.S., the U.K., Ireland and Germany. These requirements cover areas such as capital adequacy, privacy, financial
                                  crime, liquidity and solvency, investments, the sale and marketing of insurance and wealth products, obligations to consumers,
                                  business conduct of insurers, asset managers and investment advisors as well as reinsurance processes. Material changes in
                                  legal or regulatory frameworks, or non-compliance, could negatively impact the Company. An increase in the pace of
                                  regulatory change may also increase operational costs to maintain compliance.
                                  The Company manages legal and regulatory risk through coordinated efforts between first and second line of defense
                                  functions. The Company records, manages and monitors the regulatory compliance environment closely, using the subject
                                  matter expertise of both local and enterprise-wide Compliance and Legal stakeholders and reporting on emerging changes that
                                  could have a significant impact on the Company’s operations or business.
                                  The Company faces risks of litigation and regulatory actions relating to its business, operations, products, securities and
                                  contractual relationships, and it establishes contingency reserves for litigation that it determines are appropriate.
                                  People Risk
                                  People risk is the risk of loss due to inadequate management of human capital or misalignment between human resource
                                  policies, programs and practices and employment-related legislation, regulatory expectations or the Company’s strategic
                                  objectives, risk appetite and values. To manage these risks the Company has established compensation programs, succession




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  planning, talent management and employee engagement processes. These are designed to support a high-performance culture
                                  and maintain a skilled, diverse workforce that reflects the cultures and practices of the countries in which the Company
                                  operates. The Company's ability to recognize and adapt to evolving industry trends in human resource strategies is essential to
                                  successfully execute its business strategies.
                                  Model Risk/End-user-computing (EUC) Risk
                                  Model / EUC risk is the risk of negative outcomes from decisions based on inaccurate models or EUCs, or from misuse of their
                                  outputs and reports. This risk can result in financial loss, poor business and strategic decisions, and impact to the Company’s
                                  reputation or standing, potentially affecting customer, counterparty, shareholder or regulatory perceptions of the Company.
                                  The Company prioritizes mitigation and control efforts to limit adverse outcomes from models or EUCs not functioning as
                                  intended, following a risk-based approach. This includes establishing controls throughout the model/EUC lifecycle
                                  (development, maintenance and ongoing use), maintaining centralized model and EUC inventories and a risk classification
                                  system, and conducting independent reviews of models and EUCs within risk-based review cycles.
                                  Conduct Risk
                                  Conduct risk is the risk that customers may experience unfair outcomes due to inadequate or failed processes, or inappropriate
                                  actions or offerings by the Company or its representatives. If conduct risk is not identified and managed, it can harm customers
                                  and lead to financial, reputational and regulatory risk for the Company, including potential for remediation costs and
                                  regulatory fines.
                                  Conduct Risk Management
                                  The Company manages conduct risk through several key processes, including:
                                  •   formal policies, frameworks, employee training and report to senior management;
                                  •   clear and appropriate disclosures and communications for customers;
                                  •   designing, selling and providing advice on products and handling complaints and claims, with a focus on customer
                                      outcomes and any vulnerabilities; and
                                  •   conducting risk-based assessments of advisors, suitability reviews and maintaining controls according to Board-approved
                                      policies, such as the Conduct Risk Policy and Code of Conduct.
                                  Conduct risk is incorporated in risk management and compliance activities, including risk and control self-assessments,
                                  internal event reporting, emerging risk assessments and other measurement, monitoring, and reporting activities.


                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   85
                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           72

                                      B  72                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Strategic Risk
Strategic risk is the risk of failing to set, or meet, appropriate strategic objectives in the context of the internal and external
operating environment, exposing the Company to material business, financial or reputational impacts.
The Company may take on strategic risk intentionally, to grow the business, or it may emerge as an unintended consequence of
business strategy, its execution, or from inadequate resilience to external forces. It includes both the risks of the strategy and
the risks to the strategy – that is, the risks associated with the entire strategy management lifecycle, from development to
execution.
Strategic Risk Management
The Company’s strategic risk management framework is designed to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report on
strategic risk, supported by policies, standards and guidelines across both first and second lines of defense.
Strategic risk management includes strategy development and refinement, translating strategy into tangible activities, aligning
resources to meet strategic needs, executing the strategy and continuously monitoring and adjusting strategies as needed.
Strategic risks are monitored throughout the strategy management lifecycle.
The Company aligns business strategies with its risk appetite and mitigates strategic risk exposure through strategic planning,
portfolio management, ongoing monitoring and reporting of strategy execution, along with robust oversight and challenge.
Key risks related to strategic risk management and the Company’s approach to managing them are outlined below.
Strategic Positioning Risk
Strategic Positioning Risk is the risk of failing to define or maintain strategies that will be effective in generating intended value
and achieving the Company’s long-term vision. The risk of poor positioning of the Company's strategy to generate intended
value might arise from inadequate or ineffective decision-making governance, external influences such as industry dynamics,
regulatory changes, or competitors’ moves, or changes in domestic or international economic and political factors.




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company seeks to build appropriate optionality and diversification into strategic decisions in order to timely address
changing external and internal dynamics and remain resilient to disruptive forces. The Company actively manages Strategic
Positioning Risk through governance, appropriate alignment of resources and capabilities, robust strategic risk management
processes, and decision-making mechanisms focused on optimizing value creation and portfolio outcomes.
Strategic Execution Risk
Strategic Execution Risk is the risk of failing to effectively implement initiatives critical to the execution of business strategy and
achieve intended value. The risk of ineffective execution of strategic initiatives may arise from inadequate or ineffective change
management and governance, or it may stem from insufficient monitoring of and responsiveness to external factors impacting
project delivery.
To manage this risk, the Company has implemented, and continues to enhance on an ongoing basis, processes for oversight of
program delivery, ensuring effective change governance and planning, capability and capacity alignment. Through these
processes, the Company drives effective delivery of strategic initiatives, with monitoring and risk oversight.
Geopolitical Risk
Geopolitical risk is the risk of financial loss, operational disruption or strategic uncertainty arising from political, economic and
social developments across the jurisdictions in which the Company operates or invests. These risks may manifest through
changes in government leadership or policy, shifts in regulatory frameworks, trade restrictions or sanctions, armed conflict,
civil unrest, terrorism and broader geopolitical tensions that can impact market stability, supply chains and investor
confidence where the Company operates.
In the current environment, the Company continues to monitor the evolving implications of recent geopolitical conflicts,
including heightened tensions in key regions, the reconfiguration of global trade alliances and the potential for increased
regulatory scrutiny.
Other Risks
Sustainability Risk
Sustainability risk refers to the potential loss or other negative impacts resulting from environmental, social or governance
factors. This includes the risk of loss or negative impacts from the inability or failure to adequately prepare for the transition to
a lower-carbon economy or the physical impacts of a changing environment, or from the failure to develop and maintain
strategies to manage the business in response to changes in social factors. The Company recognizes that attitudes towards
environmental and social issues are dynamic and continue to evolve.



86   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      73

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  73
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Sustainability risk underlies all risk types, both financial (market, credit and insurance) and non-financial (operational,
                                  conduct and strategic). As a result, the processes for managing sustainability risk are embedded in the processes for managing
                                  each risk type.
                                  The Company approaches climate-related risk as an investor and a fiduciary, recognizing its responsibility to act prudently and
                                  in the interests of its policyholders and shareholders. As the world and customers’ expectations evolve, the Company adapts to
                                  meet future needs. The dynamic implications of climate-related risks are relevant to the Company’s enterprise risk
                                  management and investment strategies. This includes understanding material climate-related risks and identifying potential
                                  opportunities that arise in the transition to a lower-carbon economy.
                                  The Company has established a climate risk management policy that articulates the principles guiding the Company’s
                                  approach to climate risk and sets out the necessary requirements for its effective management. In addition, the Company has
                                  established environmental policies and guidelines pertaining to the acquisition and ongoing management of investment
                                  properties, loans secured by real property and investments in equity and fixed-income securities.
                                  Holding Company Structure Risk
                                  As a holding company, the Company’s ability to pay interest, dividends and other operating expenses and to meet its
                                  obligations depends upon receipt of sufficient funds from its subsidiaries and its ability to raise additional capital.
                                  In the event of bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of any of its subsidiaries, the insurance and investment contract
                                  liabilities of these subsidiaries will be completely provided for before any assets are made available for distribution from the
                                  subsidiary to the Company. Additionally, other creditors of these subsidiaries generally have priority over the Company in
                                  receiving payments unless the Company is recognized as a creditor of the relevant subsidiaries.
                                  Payments from subsidiaries, including interest and dividends, are subject to restrictions under insurance, securities, corporate
                                  and other laws and regulations, which require Canada Life, Empower and their subsidiaries to maintain solvency and capital
                                  standards. There are considerable risks and benefits related to this structure.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Management monitors the solvency and capital positions of subsidiaries relative to liquidity requirements of the holding
                                  company. Management also maintains lines of credit for additional liquidity and can access capital markets if needed.
                                  Additionally, management monitors compliance with the regulatory requirements at both the holding company and operating
                                  company levels.
                                  Mergers, Acquisitions and Divestments Risk
                                  The Company and its subsidiaries periodically evaluate existing companies, businesses, assets, products and services. These
                                  reviews may result in the Company or its subsidiaries acquiring or divesting of businesses or assets. In the ordinary course of
                                  business, the Company considers the purchase or sale of companies, business segments or assets.
                                  If transactions occur, they: 1) could be material to the Company in size or scope; 2) could result in risks and contingencies
                                  relating to companies, businesses or assets that the Company acquires or expose it to the risk of claims relating to those it has
                                  divested; 3) could result in changes in the value of the securities of the Company, including the common shares of the
                                  Company; and 4) could result in the Company holding additional capital for contingencies that arise after the transaction is
                                  completed. Strategic and integration risks related to mergers and acquisitions can also emerge due to external risks that are
                                  difficult to anticipate and may result in reduced synergies and negative impact on value capture.
                                  To mitigate these risks, the Company conducts due diligence on potential transactions and risks are assessed in the context of
                                  its Risk Appetite. For acquisitions, an integration strategy is established that considers the values, norms and culture of the
                                  target company, including monitoring of new and emerging risks that may impede efficiency and delay the consolidation
                                  process. Before acquiring or divesting companies, businesses, business segments, or assets, management evaluates and
                                  whether systems and processes are in place to manage risks after transaction completion. Additionally, regular monitoring and
                                  oversight of transaction activities is conducted.
                                  Tax Regime Risk
                                  The Company operates in a number of countries encompassing various levels of government and a range of tax mechanisms,
                                  such as income taxes, capital taxes, payroll taxes, value added taxes, sales taxes, etc. Furthermore, each country may provide
                                  tax incentives for certain types of products (e.g. pensions, retirement savings and life & health insurance). These jurisdictions
                                  periodically review and amend various aspects of their tax regimes which can have an impact on the business of the Company.
                                  There is a risk that changes to tax legislation and/or tax rates may increase the tax expense to the Company, adversely
                                  impacting earnings. There is also a risk that a reduction or elimination in the level of tax incentives on products offered by the
                                  Company may adversely impact demand for those products.
                                  The 15% Global Minimum Tax (GMT) regime has been in effect since 2024 and applies to all countries in which the Company
                                  has significant operations. The Company will file its first GMT information and top-up-tax returns in 2026, in respect of the
                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   87

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            74

                                      B  74                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


2024 tax year. The GMT is complex in nature and applies to Lifeco as part of a larger group of related companies. There is a risk
that future legislative changes, administrative guidance or interpretative differences between countries may result in
unanticipated tax liabilities, compliance costs or operational challenges.
Management actively monitors tax changes in countries where it has operations and proactively responds to those tax changes
that may potentially impact its business.
Refer to the "Taxes" section of this document for additional details.
Product Distribution Risk
Product distribution risk is the risk of loss if the Company is unable to effectively promote and deliver its products through its
network of distribution channels and intermediaries. These channels, comprising broker-dealers, managing general agencies,
financial planners, banks and other financial institutions, play a critical role in connecting the Company’s offerings with end
customers. However, many of these intermediaries distribute competing products and operate independently, with no
contractual obligation to continue representing the Company’s products.
Product distribution risk may arise from several factors, including the loss of access to key distribution partners, deterioration
in intermediary relationships, shifts in consumer preferences, consolidation within the distribution landscape or the
emergence of new digital platforms that disrupt traditional models. Failure to adapt to these changes or maintain competitive
positioning within distribution networks could impact the Company’s sales volumes, market share and long-term growth
prospects.
To mitigate this risk, the Company maintains a diversified and resilient distribution strategy. This includes cultivating strong
relationships across a broad network of intermediaries, offering a competitive and differentiated product suite, and investing in
training, support, and digital tools to enhance distributor engagement.
Country Risk




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Country risk is the risk that economic and political influences in a country could result in financial loss and/or loss of
reputation for the Company. Sources of country risk can arise from on-balance sheet or off-balance sheet exposures including,
but not limited to, invested assets, insurance liabilities, and operations such as mergers & acquisitions, outsourcing, offshoring,
and data transfer.
Country risk management is the ongoing process of formulating, implementing, monitoring, and revising strategies related to
country risk. In particular, the Company measures the risk exposure to a given country based on an internal risk rating
methodology (supplemented by external rating agency ratings) and monitors tail risk associated with investment and
reinsurance exposures against approved country-specific limits.

Exposures and Sensitivities
Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/
morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a
change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the Company’s earnings.
Non-Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
The earnings and CSM sensitivities illustrated in the table below represent impacts as at December 31, 2025 under the
Company's current accounting policies, including accounting for insurance contracts and financial instruments. A description
of the methodologies used to calculate the Company's insurance risk sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical
Accounting Estimates" section of this document.




88   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      75

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  75
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                      Non-Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                                                                                         Net earnings & equity                                                      CSM1
                                                                                         Before reinsurance           Net of reinsurance held           Before reinsurance            Net of reinsurance held
                                      December 31, 2025
                                      2% Life mortality increase                     $                        (225) $                     (200)     $                         (225) $                         (75)
                                      2% Annuity mortality decrease                                            200                         175                                (750)                          (625)
                                      5% Morbidity adverse change                                             (150)                       (150)                               (225)                          (100)
                                      5% Expense increase                                                       (25)                        —                                 (125)                          (125)
                                      10% Adverse change in policy
                                        termination and renewal                                               (225)                       (150)                               (675)                          (725)

                                      December 31, 2024
                                      2% Life mortality increase                     $                        (100) $                     (100)     $                         (350) $                        (175)
                                      2% Annuity mortality decrease                                            200                         175                                (725)                          (650)
                                      5% Morbidity adverse change                                             (150)                       (125)                               (200)                          (100)
                                      5% Expense increase                                                       —                            —                                (125)                          (150)
                                      10% Adverse change in policy
                                        termination and renewal                                                (50)                          —                                (850)                          (850)

                                  1   The impacts to the contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.
                                  These sensitivities reflect the impact on earnings and CSM of an immediate change in assumptions on the value of insurance
                                  and reinsurance held contracts and investment contracts. The impact on shareholders’ equity is equal to the net earnings
                                  impact.
                                  Assumption changes on insurance risks directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM. The impact of assumption
                                  changes on CSM is measured at locked-in discount rates, for contracts measured under the General Measurement Model. Net




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  earnings impacts arise from the fair value impact of assumption changes impacting CSM, as well as assumption changes on
                                  contracts which do not have CSM (including short term insurance contracts). The fair value impact of CSM assumption
                                  changes included in earnings is a second-order impact which captures the present value difference between the impact of
                                  assumption changes measured at prevailing discount rates and locked-in discount rates. In general, prevailing discount rates
                                  are currently higher than locked-in rates for the Company’s insurance contracts. Therefore, an unfavourable change in
                                  assumptions on insurance risks, which decreases CSM, also results in a positive impact in the period due to the fair value
                                  impact.
                                  Concentration risk may arise from geographic regions, accumulation of risks and market risk. The concentration of insurance
                                  risk before and after reinsurance by geographic region is described in the segmented information (note 33) in the Company’s
                                  annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.
                                  Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
                                  The following table illustrates the approximate impact to the Company’s shareholders' net earnings that would arise as a result
                                  of changes to management’s best estimate of certain assumptions. A description of the methodologies used to calculate the
                                  Company's financial risk sensitivities is included in the "Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this document.
                                  For changes in financial assumptions, the sensitivity is shown net of the corresponding impact on earnings of the change in the
                                  value of liabilities and the value of assets supporting liabilities. The sensitivities to shareholders' net earnings, shareholders'
                                  equity and CSM to changes in financial assumptions shown below have been rounded to the nearest $25 million.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is illustrated
                                  in the table below, with no change to the ultimate illiquidity premium. Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary
                                  depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads
                                  may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount rate, depending on prevailing market and credit
                                  conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities
                                  below.




                                                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   89
                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            76

                                          B  76                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


    Financial exposures and sensitivities
                                                                           Shareholders' net              Shareholders'
                                                                               earnings                      equity                          CSM1                         LICAT2
                                                                          Dec. 31        Dec. 31       Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31       Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31
                                                                           2025           2024          2025           2024           2025          2024           2025           2024
    Investment returns:
       Change in risk free interest rates
           50 basis points increase                                      $         25 $        125 $            — $          75 $            25 $          50       (1 point)      (1 point)
           50 basis points decrease                                               (50)        (150)            (25)        (125)            (75)         (100)     < 1 point      < 1 point
       Change in credit spreads
           50 basis points increase                                      $       150 $         250 $          225 $         325 $            — $           50 < (1 point)   0 point
           50 basis points decrease                                             (200)         (300)          (300)         (400)            (50)          (75)   0 point < (1 point)
      Change in publicly traded common stock values1
         20% increase                                                    $         75 $        100 $          500 $         525 $          400 $          450     0 point (1 point)
         10% increase                                                              50            50           250           250            200            225     0 point < (1 point)
         10% decrease                                                             (50)          (50)         (250)         (250)          (200)          (225) < (1 point) < 1 point
         20% decrease                                                             (75)        (100)          (525)         (525)          (400)          (425)   (1 point) < (1 point)
      Change in other non-fixed income asset values3
          10% increase                                                   $       550 $         425 $          600 $         475 $            25 $          —      < 1 point     1 point
          5% increase                                                            275           225            300           250              —             —        0 point < 1 point
          5% decrease                                                           (300)         (225)          (325)         (250)             —             —     < (1 point) < (1 point)
          10% decrease                                                          (600)         (450)          (650)         (500)            (25)           —       (1 point) (1 point)

1    The impacts to the total contractual service margin (CSM) are pre-tax.
2    LICAT sensitivities should be viewed as directional estimates only of the underlying sensitivities for the respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot




                                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
     provide assurance that the actual impact on the Canada Life consolidated LICAT Ratio will be as indicated.
3    Sensitivities to other non-fixed income asset values as at December 31, 2025 reflect a refinement in methodology, not a change to the underlying exposure to other non-fixed income
     assets. Prior to the refinement, the +10%/+5%/-5%/-10% sensitivities were +$425/+$200/-$225/-$475 for shareholders’ net earnings, and +$475/+$225/-$250/-$525 for shareholders’
     equity, respectively. CSM and LICAT sensitivities were not impacted by the change.

Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates and credit spreads in Canada, U.K. and the U.S., and are positively
impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts of shareholders’ net earnings, shareholders’ equity and the LICAT ratio
from market movements. If there is a sustained change in investment markets, impacts on earnings, shareholders' equity and
the LICAT ratio will change over time, due to a combination of factors including the impact of a sustained change on the run-
rate of base earnings.
The additional sensitivities below illustrate the approximate impact to the Company’s base earnings that would be estimated to
arise over a 12-month period as a result of immediate changes to risk-free interest rates and publicly traded common stock
values. The sensitivities below are primarily reflected in asset-based fee income for the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines
of business, earnings on surplus and general account spread margins. The sensitivities below assume no subsequent changes
in interest rates and that equity markets achieve their expected returns thereafter. Under sustained changes to investment
markets, impacts to asset reinvestments, and certain management actions and changes in policyholder behaviours are likely to
occur, and are not reflected in the below sensitivities.
The estimated impacts, rounded to the nearest $25 million, for the initial 12 months after the immediate change in interest
rates and equity markets (impacts beyond this period may differ) would be as follows:
•       A 50 basis points immediate parallel decrease (increase) in risk-free interest rates would decrease (increase) the
        Company's base earnings by approximately $75 million.
•       A 10% immediate decrease (increase) in publicly traded common stock values would decrease (increase) the Company's
        base earnings by approximately $225 million.
The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the
sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies
would be an increase of $10 million or a decrease of $10 million post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10 million.
In addition, as at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the sensitivity of the CSM of the Company to a 10 basis point

90       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis               77

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                          B  77
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies would be an increase of $50 million or a decrease of $50 million pre-tax,
                                  respectively, when rounded to the nearest $25 million.
                                  Refer to the "Accounting Policies - Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates" section of this document for additional
                                  information on earnings sensitivities.

                                  Accounting Policies

                                  Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates
                                  The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to make estimates, judgments and
                                  assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
                                  reporting date, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. The results of the Company
                                  reflect management's judgments regarding the impact of prevailing market conditions related to global credit, equities,
                                  investment properties and foreign exchange and prevailing health and mortality experience. The fair value of portfolio
                                  investments, the valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, the valuation of insurance contract liabilities and the
                                  recoverability of deferred tax asset carrying values reflect management’s judgment based on current expectations but could be
                                  impacted in the future depending on current market developments.
                                  Fair Value Measurement
                                  Refer to note 8 in the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 for disclosure
                                  of the Company's financial instruments fair value measurement by hierarchy level as at December 31, 2025.
                                  The following is a description of the methodologies used to value instruments carried at fair value:
                                  Bonds - FVTPL and FVOCI
                                  Fair values for bonds measured as FVTPL or FVOCI are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  provided by third-party independent pricing sources. Where prices are not quoted in an active market, fair values are
                                  determined by valuation models. The Company maximizes the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The
                                  Company obtains quoted prices in active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure
                                  bonds at fair value in its FVTPL and FVOCI portfolios.
                                  The Company estimates the fair value of bonds not traded in active markets by referring to actively traded securities with
                                  similar attributes, dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodology, discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation
                                  models. This methodology considers such factors as the issuer's industry, the security's rating, term, coupon rate and position
                                  in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other relevant factors. For
                                  bonds that are not traded in active markets, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity, and such adjustments generally are
                                  based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management's best estimate is used.
                                  Mortgages - FVTPL and FVOCI
                                  There are no market observable prices for mortgages; therefore fair values for mortgages are determined by discounting
                                  expected future cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs typically include benchmark
                                  yields and risk-adjusted spreads based on current lending activities and market activity.
                                  Equity Release Mortgages - FVTPL
                                  There are no market observable prices for equity release mortgages; therefore an internal valuation model is used for
                                  discounting expected future cash flows and includes consideration of the embedded no negative equity guarantee. Inputs to
                                  the model include market observable inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market observable
                                  inputs include property growth and volatility rates, expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long term care
                                  and interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no negative equity guarantee.
                                  Stocks - FVTPL and FVOCI
                                  Fair values for stocks traded on an active market are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the
                                  exchange where it is principally traded. Fair values for stocks for which there is no active market are typically based upon
                                  alternative valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movement relative to the market and
                                  utilization of information provided by the underlying investment manager. The Company maximizes the use of observable
                                  inputs when measuring fair value. The Company obtains quoted prices in active markets, when available, for identical assets at
                                  the balance sheet date to measure stocks at fair value in its FVTPL and FVOCI portfolios.
                                  Investment Properties
                                  Fair values for investment properties are determined using independent qualified appraisal services and include management
                                  adjustments for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market conditions in the interim
                                  period between appraisals. The determination of the fair value of investment property requires the use of estimates including
                                  future cash flows (such as future leasing assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating expenditures) and discount,
                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   91

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           78

                                      B  78                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


reversionary and overall capitalization rates applicable to the asset based on current market conditions. Investment property
under construction is valued at fair value if such values can be reliably determined; otherwise they are recorded at cost.
Goodwill and Intangibles Impairment Testing
Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for
impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets that were
previously impaired are reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal. In the event that certain conditions have been
met, the Company would be required to reverse the impairment loss or a portion thereof.
Goodwill has been allocated to cash generating unit groupings, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for
internal reporting purposes. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of each cash generating unit
grouping to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount
exceeds its recoverable amount.
Intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for
internal reporting purposes.
Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment. If
indicators of impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and recognized as necessary. Impairment is
assessed by comparing the carrying values of the assets to their recoverable amounts. An impairment loss is recognized for the
amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use.
Finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment and assess whether the
amortization periods and methods are appropriate. If indicators of impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is
performed and then the amortization of these assets is adjusted or impairment is recognized as necessary.




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Expected Credit Losses (ECL)
Expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated
as FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI.
The ECL allowance is based on a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses expected as a result of defaults over the relevant
time period as prescribed under the ECL model, which is a three-stage impairment approach.
Performing financial assets that have not experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or have low
credit risk are categorized into stage 1. A 12-month ECL allowance is calculated for stage 1 financial assets. To assess if credit
risk has increased significantly, the Company compares the risk of default at initial recognition to the risk as at the current
reporting date.
Performing financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are categorized
into stage 2. A lifetime ECL allowance is calculated for stage 2 financial assets. Financial assets are assessed for a significant
increase in credit risk on an individual basis, utilizing the Company’s internal credit risk rating system and the monitoring of
timely payments on the assets. Financial assets that have contractual payments more than 30 days past due are generally
presumed to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk and are included in stage 2. A financial asset in stage 2 can
revert to stage 1 if the credit risk subsequently improves.
Impaired financial assets are categorized into stage 3 and require a lifetime ECL allowance. Financial assets are reviewed
regularly on an individual basis to determine impairment status. The Company considers various factors in the impairment
evaluation process, including, but not limited to, the financial condition of the issuer, specific adverse conditions affecting an
industry or region, decline in fair value not related to interest rates, bankruptcy or defaults, and delinquency in payments of
interest or principal. Financial assets are deemed to be impaired when there is objective evidence that timely collection of
future cash flows can no longer be reliably estimated. The fair value of a financial asset is not a definitive indicator of
impairment, as it may be significantly influenced by other factors including the remaining term to maturity and liquidity of the
asset; however, market price is taken into consideration when evaluating impairment.
The Company monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment for significant increases in credit risk. In making this
assessment, the Company considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,
including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
Insurance, Reinsurance Held and Investment Contract Liabilities
In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of mortality/
morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
options or provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a risk adjustment for
non-financial risk. The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that the Company requires for
92   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      79

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  79
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  bearing uncertainty in the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk. Risk adjustments for
                                  non-financial risk are reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.
                                  The Company measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for reinsurance held using assumptions that are
                                  consistent with those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance
                                  contracts, with an adjustment for any risk of non-performance by the reinsurer.
                                  Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discount rates derived from a reference portfolio or
                                  stochastic modeling at end of the reporting period. The Company’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that
                                  market participants would consider and make maximum use of observable market data.
                                  The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined below:
                                  Mortality – A life insurance mortality study is carried out regularly for each major block of insurance business. The results of
                                  each study are used to update the Company’s experience valuation mortality tables for that business. Annuitant mortality is
                                  also studied regularly, and the results are used to modify established annuitant mortality tables. When there is insufficient data,
                                  use is made of the latest industry experience to derive an appropriate valuation mortality assumption. Improvement scales for
                                  life insurance and annuitant mortality are updated periodically based on population and industry studies, product specific
                                  considerations, as well as professional guidance. In addition, appropriate provisions are made for future mortality
                                  deterioration on term insurance.
                                  Morbidity – The Company uses industry developed experience tables modified to reflect emerging Company experience. Both
                                  claim incidence and termination are monitored regularly, and emerging experience is factored into the current valuation.
                                  Expenses – Expenses for certain items, such as sales commissions and policy taxes and fees are either contractual or specified
                                  by law, and so they are only reflected on a best estimate basis in the liability. Operating expenses, such as policy and claims
                                  administration as well as overhead, are more variable. The Company produces expense studies for operating expenses
                                  regularly to determine an appropriate estimate of future operating expenses for the liability type being valued. An inflation




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  assumption is incorporated in the estimate of future operating expenses held within the liability.
                                  Policy termination – Studies to determine rates of policy termination are updated regularly to form the basis of this estimate.
                                  Industry data is also available and is useful where the Company has no experience with specific types of policies or its exposure
                                  is limited. The Company's most significant exposures are in respect of the T-100 and Level Cost of Insurance Universal Life
                                  products in Canada and policy renewal rates at the end of the term for renewable term policies in Canada and Capital and Risk
                                  Solutions. Industry experience has guided the Company's assumptions for these products as its own experience is limited.
                                  Property and casualty reinsurance – Insurance contract liabilities for property and casualty reinsurance written by Capital
                                  and Risk Solutions are determined using accepted actuarial practices for property and casualty insurers in Canada. The
                                  insurance contract liabilities are based on cession statements provided by ceding companies. In addition, insurance contract
                                  liabilities also include an amount for incurred but not reported losses, which may differ significantly from the ultimate loss
                                  development. The estimates and underlying methodology are continually reviewed and updated and adjustments to estimates
                                  are reflected in net earnings. Capital and Risk Solutions analyzes the emergence of claims experience against expected
                                  assumptions for each reinsurance contract separately and at the portfolio level. If necessary, a more in-depth analysis is
                                  undertaken of the cedant experience.
                                  Utilization of elective policy options – There are a wide range of elective options embedded in the policies issued by the
                                  Company. Examples include term renewals, conversion to whole life insurance (term insurance), settlement annuity purchase
                                  at guaranteed rates (deposit annuities) and guarantee re-sets (segregated fund maturity guarantees). The assumed rates of
                                  utilization are based on Company or industry experience when it exists and otherwise based on judgement considering
                                  incentives to utilize the option. Generally, whenever it is clearly in the best interests of an informed policyholder to utilize an
                                  option, then it is assumed to be elected.
                                  Policyholder dividends and adjustable policy features – Future policyholder dividends and other adjustable policy features
                                  are included in the determination of insurance contract liabilities with the assumption that policyholder dividends or
                                  adjustable benefits will change in the future in response to the relevant experience. The dividend and policy adjustments are
                                  determined consistent with policyholders’ reasonable expectations, such expectations being influenced by the participating
                                  policyholder dividend policies and/or policyholder communications, marketing material and past practice. It is the Company's
                                  expectation that changes will occur in policyholder dividend scales or adjustable benefits for participating or adjustable
                                  business respectively, corresponding to changes in the best estimate assumptions, resulting in an immaterial net change in
                                  insurance contract liabilities. Where underlying guarantees may limit the ability to pass all of this experience back to the
                                  policyholder, the impact of this non-adjustability impacting shareholders' net earnings is reflected in the impacts of changes in
                                  best estimate assumptions.



                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   93

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            80

                                      B  80                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Investment returns – Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold. The Company
utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets and
liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of
financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value
of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings. The Company’s
asset liability management strategy uses equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of general fund assets
supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in the net earnings. Further, the classification of financial assets, for
example, mortgage assets which are valued at amortized cost and held in the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also
contributes to interest rate exposure in net earnings.
A way of measuring the interest rate risk is to determine the net effect on the value of assets relative to insurance and
investment contract liabilities that impact the shareholders' net earnings of the Company from immediate change in interest
rates.
In addition to interest rates, the Company is also exposed to movements in equity markets.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
stocks, and equity release mortgages. Net earnings will reflect changes in the values on non-fixed income assets. However, in
most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for other products such as segregated fund products with guarantees also fluctuate with equity values. Under
current market conditions, there are no earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business that it does not hedge,
as changes in the cost of guarantees are fully offset within the CSM. For segregated fund business that the Company hedges,
there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability compared to the change in hedge assets.




                                                                                                                                                              PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
For a further description of the Company's sensitivity to equity market, interest rate and other fluctuations, refer to "Financial
Instruments Risk Management" note 7 in the Company's annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2025.
Risk Adjustment
The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that the Company requires for bearing uncertainty in
the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk. Non-financial risks are insurance risks such
as life mortality, annuity mortality and morbidity, and other risks such as expense and lapse. The risk adjustment is calculated
by applying a margin to non-financial assumptions and discounting the resulting margin cash flows at the same discount rates
as the best estimate cash flows. The margins applied reflect diversification benefits across all non-financial risks. The
Company’s target range for the confidence level of the risk adjustment is between the 85th and 90th percentile, and the risk
adjustment is currently within the target range. The confidence level is determined on a net-of-reinsurance basis.
Discount Rates
The Company measures time value of money using discount rates that are consistent with observable market prices and reflect
the liquidity characteristics of the insurance contracts. They exclude the effect of factors that influence such observable market
prices but do not affect the future cash flows of the insurance contracts (e.g., credit risk).
The Company applies the top-down approach for insurance contract liabilities that have assets backing them. Under this
approach, discount rates are estimated by starting from the yield curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets that closely
reflects the duration, currency, and liquidity characteristics of the insurance cash flows, and then excluding the effects of risks
(e.g., credit risk) present in the cash flows from the financial instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but not in the
insurance contracts cash flows. The allowance for credit risk in the discount rate varies depending on the credit rating, sector
and term of the assets reflected in the discount rate. The allowance is estimated based on historic credit experience and
prevailing market conditions. For example, if there is a significant widening of market credit spreads, an additional allowance
for credit risk to reduce the discount rate may be required to reflect prevailing market conditions. The Company uses the fixed-
income assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities as the reference portfolio to determine the discount rates, in the
observable period, while the discount rates in the unobservable period are based on an ultimate investment rate. In situations
where the fixed-income assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities do not appropriately reflect the illiquidity
characteristics of the liability, an additional adjustment is made to the discount rate.
In cases where the insurance contract liabilities are not backed by assets, the Company applies the bottom-up approach to set
the discount rate. This approach uses a risk-free rate, plus a spread to reflect the liquidity characteristics of the liability. Risk-
free rates are determined by reference to highly liquid government securities in the currency of the insurance contract liability,
and the spread is derived from an external benchmark.

94   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      81

                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  81
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability
                                  cash flows by major currency:

                                   As at December 31, 2025        Year 1           Year 5           Year 10               Year 20                  Year 30               Year 50
                                          Lower                            2.9 %            3.6 %         4.0 %                    4.4 %                   4.5 %                  4.9 %
                                  CAD
                                          Upper                            3.9 %            4.6 %         5.0 %                    5.4 %                   5.5 %                  5.4 %
                                          Lower                            4.1 %            4.4 %         4.9 %                    5.8 %                   5.6 %                  5.1 %
                                  USD
                                          Upper                            4.6 %            4.9 %         5.4 %                    6.3 %                   6.2 %                  5.4 %
                                          Lower                            2.5 %            2.9 %         3.4 %                    3.9 %                   4.2 %                  4.6 %
                                  EUR
                                          Upper                            3.2 %            3.7 %         4.1 %                    4.7 %                   4.8 %                  4.7 %
                                          Lower                            4.1 %            4.5 %         5.1 %                    5.8 %                   5.9 %                  4.5 %
                                  GBP
                                          Upper                            4.8 %            5.2 %         5.9 %                    6.6 %                   6.6 %                  5.3 %


                                    As at December 31, 2024       Year 1           Year 5           Year 10               Year 20                   Year 30              Year 50
                                          Lower                            4.2 %            4.2 %          4.5 %                 4.6 %                     4.6 %                4.9 %
                                  CAD
                                          Upper                            4.6 %            4.6 %          4.9 %                 5.0 %                     5.0 %                5.0 %
                                          Lower                            4.9 %            5.2 %          5.4 %                 5.8 %                     5.6 %                5.1 %
                                  USD
                                          Upper                            5.4 %            5.7 %          5.8 %                 6.2 %                     5.9 %                5.3 %
                                          Lower                            2.5 %            2.5 %          2.8 %                 3.0 %                     3.2 %                4.3 %
                                  EUR
                                          Upper                            3.6 %            3.6 %          3.8 %                 4.0 %                     4.1 %                4.5 %
                                          Lower                            4.9 %            4.8 %          5.1 %                 5.7 %                     5.7 %                4.3 %
                                  GBP
                                          Upper                            5.7 %            5.5 %          5.9 %                 6.5 %                     6.5 %                5.1 %

                                  The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
                                  rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.
                                  Income Taxes
                                  The Company is subject to income tax laws in multiple jurisdictions. The Company’s operations are complex and related
                                  income tax interpretations, regulations and legislation applicable to its activities are subject to continual change. As life
                                  insurance companies, the Company's primary Canadian operating subsidiaries are subject to a regime of specialized rules
                                  prescribed under the Income Tax Act (Canada) for purposes of determining the amount of the companies' income that will be
                                  subject to tax in Canada.
                                  The Company undertakes tax planning strategies to achieve tax efficiencies. The uncertainty associated with these strategies is
                                  regularly assessed and appropriate provisions are maintained for uncertain tax positions. Accordingly, the provision for income
                                  taxes represents management’s interpretation of the relevant income tax laws and its estimate of current and deferred income
                                  tax balances for the period. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using expected future income tax rates and
                                  management’s assumptions regarding the expected timing of the reversal of temporary differences.
                                  The Company has substantial deferred income tax assets, the recognition of which depends on management's determination
                                  that future earnings will be sufficient to realize the deferred benefit. The amount recorded represents management's best
                                  estimate of the realization of these assets.
                                  The audit and review activities of tax authorities may affect the ultimate determination of income taxes payable or receivable,
                                  deferred income tax balances and income tax expense. As a result, there can be no assurance that income taxes will be payable
                                  as anticipated or that the amount and timing of receipt or use of the income tax related assets will align with current
                                  expectations. Management’s experience indicates that taxation authorities are increasingly pursuing perceived tax issues more
                                  aggressively and dedicating greater resources to these efforts.
                                  Employee Future Benefits
                                  The Company’s subsidiaries maintain contributory and non-contributory defined benefit and defined contribution pension
                                  plans for eligible employees and advisors. The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and
                                  final average pay; however, these plans are closed to new entrants. Many of the subsidiaries' defined benefit pension plans also
                                  no longer provide future defined benefit accruals. The Company's defined benefit plan exposure is expected to reduce in future
                                  years. Where defined benefit pension accruals continue, active plan participants share in the cost of benefits through employee
                                  contributions in respect of current service. Certain pension payments are indexed on either an ad hoc basis or a guaranteed
                                  basis. The determination of the defined benefit obligation reflects pension benefits in accordance with the terms of the plans.
                                  Assets supporting the funded pension plans are held in separate trusteed pension funds. Obligations for the wholly unfunded
                                  plans are included in other liabilities and are supported by general assets. New hires and active plan participants in defined
                                  benefit plans closed to future defined benefit accruals are eligible for defined contribution benefits. The defined contribution
                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   95

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis           82

                                      B  82                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


pension plans provide pension benefits based on accumulated employee and employer contributions. The Company’s
subsidiaries also provide post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees, advisors and their
dependents. These plans are also closed to new entrants. For further information on the pension plans and other post-
employment benefits refer to note 26 in the Company's December 31, 2025 annual consolidated financial statements.
For the defined benefit plans, service costs and net interest costs are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Service costs include current service cost, administration expenses, past service costs and the impact of curtailments and
settlements. Re-measurements of the defined benefit liability (asset) due to asset returns less (greater) than interest income,
actuarial losses (gains) and changes in the asset ceiling are recognized immediately in the Consolidated Statements of
Comprehensive Income.
Actuarial assumptions – Accounting for defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefits requires estimates of
expected increases in compensation levels, indexation of certain pension payments, trends in health-care costs, the period of
time over which benefits will be paid, as well as the appropriate discount rates for past and future service liabilities. These
assumptions are determined by management using actuarial methods, and are reviewed and approved annually. Emerging
experience that differs from the assumptions will be revealed in future valuations and will affect the future financial position of
the plans and net periodic benefit costs.
    Actuarial assumptions - employee future benefits
    At December 31
                                                                                           Defined benefit                     Other post-employment
                                                                                            pension plans                             benefits
                                                                                         2025              2024                  2025                2024
    Actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit cost
       Discount rate - past service liabilities                                              4.5%                4.4%                  4.7 %                4.7%
       Discount rate - future service liabilities                                            4.8%                4.6%                  5.7 %                5.0%




                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
       Rate of compensation increase                                                         3.4%                3.4%                   —                    —
       Future pension increases1                                                             2.0%                2.1%                   —                    —

    Actuarial assumptions used to determine defined benefit obligation
       Discount rate - past service liabilities                                              4.9%                4.5%                  4.8 %                4.7%
       Rate of compensation increase                                                         3.3%                3.4%                   —                    —
       Future pension increases1                                                             2.0%                2.0%                   —                    —

    Medical cost trend rates
      Initial medical cost trend rate                                                                                                  4.7 %                4.7%
       Ultimate medical cost trend rate                                                                                                4.1 %                4.1%
       Year ultimate trend rate is reached                                                                                             2039                 2039

1    Represents the weighted average of plans subject to future pension increases.
The period of time over which benefits are assumed to be paid is based on best estimates of future mortality, including
allowances for mortality improvements. This estimate is subject to considerable uncertainty, and judgment is required in
establishing this assumption. As mortality assumptions are significant in measuring the defined benefit obligation, the
mortality assumptions applied by the Company take into consideration such factors as age, gender and geographic location, in
addition to an estimation of future improvements in longevity.
The mortality tables are reviewed at least annually, and assumptions are in accordance with accepted actuarial practices.
Emerging plan experience is reviewed and considered in establishing the best estimate for future mortality.
As these assumptions relate to factors that are long-term in nature, they are subject to a degree of uncertainty. Differences
between actual experience and the assumptions, as well as changes in the assumptions resulting from changes in future
expectations, result in increases or decreases in the pension and post-employment benefits expense and defined benefit
obligation in future years. There is no assurance that the plans will be able to earn assumed rates of return, and market driven
changes to assumptions could impact future contributions and expenses.




96       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      83

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  83
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  The following table indicates the impact of changes to certain key assumptions related to pension and post-employment
                                  benefits.

                                      Impact of a change of 1.0% in actuarial assumptions on defined benefit obligation1

                                                                                                                                       1% increase                                    1% decrease
                                                                                                                                   2025           2024                             2025         2024
                                      Defined benefit pension plans:
                                      Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                $             (720) $               (787) $                899 $                997
                                      Impact of a change to the rate of compensation increase                                               145                   170                  (133)                (154)
                                      Impact of a change to the rate of inflation                                                           335                   344                  (296)                (304)

                                      Other post-employment benefits:
                                      Impact of a change to assumed medical cost trend rates                                 $               13 $                   15 $                (12) $                  (13)
                                      Impact of a change to the discount rate                                                               (20)                   (22)                  24                      26

                                  1    To measure the impact of a change in an assumption, all other assumptions were held constant. It is expected that there would be interaction between at least some of the
                                       assumptions.
                                  The calculation of the defined benefit obligation is also sensitive to the mortality assumptions. The effect of a one-year increase
                                  in life expectancy would be an increase in the defined benefit obligation of $172 million ($174 million in 2024) for the defined
                                  benefit pension plans and $7 million ($6 million in 2024) for other post-employment benefits.
                                  Funding – The Company’s subsidiaries have both funded and unfunded pension plans as well as other post-employment
                                  benefit plans that are unfunded. The Company’s subsidiaries' funded pension plans are funded to or above the amounts
                                  required by relevant legislation. During the year, the Company's subsidiaries contributed $239 million ($224 million in 2024) to
                                  the pension plans and made benefit payments of $19 million ($21 million in 2024) for post-employment benefits. The




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Company's subsidiaries expect to contribute $245 million to the pension plans and make benefit payments of $19 million for
                                  post-employment benefits in 2026.

                                  International Financial Reporting Standards
                                  Due to the evolving nature of IFRS, there are a number of IFRS changes impacting the Company in 2025, as well as standards
                                  that could impact the Company in future reporting periods. The Company actively monitors future IFRS changes proposed by
                                  the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) to assess if the changes to the standards may have an impact on the
                                  Company's results or operations.
                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange
                                  Rates effective January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial
                                  statements.




                                                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report      97

                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              84

                                          B  84                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


New Standard                                        Summary of Future Changes
IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
Financial Statements                     (IFRS 18). The standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their financial
                                         statements, with a focus on information about financial performance in the statement of earnings.

                                                    IFRS 18 will require companies to:

                                                    •      Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                                    •      Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the
                                                           statement of earnings; and
                                                    •      Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and whether to
                                                           provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.

                                                    The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with
                                                    earlier application permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this standard.


IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7, Financial
– Financial Instruments: Disclosures      Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets with
                                          environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of liabilities
                                          through electronic payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to enhance
                                          transparency for investors.
                                                    These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026,
                                                    with earlier application permitted. The Company does not anticipate an impact on its consolidated
                                                    financial statements as a result of these amendments, except indicated below:

                                                    •      The Company will apply the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial liability
                                                           (or part of a financial liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be
                                                           derecognized before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The Company will apply this
                                                           election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems meeting the criteria,




                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                           effective January 1, 2026.
                                                    •      For cash settlement of financial liabilities not qualified for the election, at each period-end, the
                                                           Company will derecognize the associated liabilities on settlement date. The Company expects the
                                                           adoption of these amendments will not have a material impact on the Company's financial
                                                           statements.
                                                    These amendments will be applied retrospectively with no restatement to comparative balances.




For additional detail, refer to note 2 of the Company’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2025.




98   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      85


                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B  85
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Other Information

                                  Summary of Earnings Reclassifications
                                  Summary of earnings reclassifications between operating segments and Corporate segment - Q4 2024
                                                                                                                                   Capital and
                                                                        United States        Canada              Europe           Risk Solutions              Corporate             Total
                                  Base earnings - Q4 2024
                                  presentation                          $         367    $        321        $            231     $              223      $            (27) $             1,115
                                  Reclassifications:
                                   Expenses (pre-tax)                               8                 16                   11                        4                 (39)                     —
                                   Financing charges (pre-tax)                     53                  37                  25                        6                (121)                     —
                                   Taxes                                          (28)                (12)                 (7)                      (1)                 48                      —
                                  Other impacts:
                                   PanAgora (after-tax)                            (1)                —                    —                       —                      1                     —
                                   Franklin Templeton share dividends
                                   (after-tax)                                    (14)                —                    —                       —                    14                      —
                                   U.S. legacy insurance portfolios
                                   (after-tax)                                     (5)                —                    —                       —                      5                     —
                                   GLWB product (after-tax)                         1                 —                    —                       —                    (1)                     —
                                  Total reclassifications                          14                 41                   29                      9                   (93)                     —
                                  Base earnings - Q4 2024
                                  reclassified                                    381             362                     260                    232                  (120)               1,115
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - Q4 2024 presentation                 (63)                15                   79                     (29)                    (1)                    1
                                  Total items excluded from base -




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  reclassifications                                15                 —                    —                       —                   (15)                     —
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - Q4 2024 reclassified                 (48)                15                   79                     (29)                 (16)                      1
                                  Net earnings from continuing
                                  operations                            $         333    $        377        $            339     $              203      $           (136) $             1,116




                                  Summary of earnings reclassifications between operating segments and Corporate segment
                                  For the twelve months ended                                                                      Capital and
                                  December 31, 2024                     United States        Canada              Europe           Risk Solutions              Corporate             Total

                                  Base earnings - presentation          $       1,336    $       1,262       $            829     $              818      $            (53) $             4,192
                                  Reclassifications:
                                   Expenses (pre-tax)                              27              53                      35                      17                 (132)                     —
                                   Financing charges (pre-tax)                    206             153                     103                      26                 (488)                     —
                                   Taxes                                         (105)            (50)                    (21)                     (5)                 181                      —
                                  Other impacts:
                                   PanAgora (after-tax)                             5                 —                    —                       —                      (5)                   —
                                   Franklin Templeton share dividends
                                   (after-tax)                                    (65)                —                    —                       —                    65                      —
                                   U.S. legacy insurance portfolios
                                   (after-tax)                                     (4)                —                    —                       —                       4                    —
                                   GLWB product (after-tax)                         8                 —                    —                       —                      (8)                   —
                                  Total reclassifications                          72             156                     117                      38                 (383)                     —

                                  Base earnings - reclassified                  1,408            1,418                    946                    856                  (436)               4,192
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - presentation                        (218)            222                     (16)                  (200)                   31                    (181)
                                  Total items excluded from base -
                                  reclassifications                                39                 —                    —                       —                   (39)                     —
                                  Total items excluded from base
                                  earnings - reclassified                        (179)            222                     (16)                  (200)                     (8)                 (181)
                                  Net earnings from continuing
                                  operations                            $       1,229    $       1,640       $            930     $              656      $           (444) $             4,011


                                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report      99

                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              86

                                      B  86                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The Company uses several non-GAAP financial measures to measure overall performance of the Company and to assess each
of its business units. A financial measure is considered a non-GAAP measure for Canadian securities law purposes if it is
presented other than in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) used for the Company's annual
consolidated financial statements. The annual consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in
compliance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. Non-GAAP financial measures do not have a standardized meaning under GAAP
and may not be comparable to similar financial measures presented by other issuers. Investors may find these financial
measures useful in understanding how management views the underlying business performance of the Company.
Base earnings (loss)
Base earnings (loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an
alternate measure to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.
Base earnings (loss) exclude the following items from IFRS reported net earnings:
•      Market-related impacts, where actual market returns in the current period are different than longer-term expected returns;
•      Assumption changes and management actions that impact the measurement of assets and liabilities;
•      Business transformation and other impacts, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business
       performance, including acquisition and divestiture costs and restructuring and integration costs;
•      Material legal settlements, material impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, impacts of income tax
       rate changes on the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and other tax impairments, net gains, losses or
       costs related to the disposition or acquisition of a business; net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations;




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•      The direct equity and interest rate impacts on the measurement of surplus assets and liabilities;
•      Amortization of acquisition related finite life intangible assets; and
•      Other items that, when removed, assist in explaining the Company's underlying business performance.
Effective for the third quarter of 2025, Lifeco has updated the label previously referred to as “Business Transformation Impacts”
to “Business Transformation and Other Impacts” to enhance clarity on the components of this item. This change does not
affect the underlying calculation or results presented.

Lifeco

                                                                                      For the three months ended                    For the twelve months ended
                                                                                      Dec. 31               Dec. 31                   Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                       2025                  2024                      2025                    2024
Base earnings                                                                    $           1,245 $               1,115       $               4,649 $               4,192

Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                       $               (84) $                  59    $                (266) $                 286
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          23                    (21)                       50                    (72)
      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                        (28)                    21                     (100)                  (210)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            1                     (5)                      13                      61
      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                        (91)                  (34)                     (353)                  (143)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          18                       4                       93                      31
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
        tax)                                                                                     (49)                  (51)                     (198)                  (200)
            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          13                    14                        50                     52
      Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                                     —                      —                        —                       —
            Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          —                     14                        22                     14
      Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                            $              (252) $                  (5)   $                (917) $                 (267)
      Impact of items excluded from base earnings on income
        taxes                                                                                    55                       6                      228                      86
Net earnings from continuing operations                                          $           1,048 $                 1,116     $               3,960 $                 4,011
      Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                               —                       —                         —                     (115)
      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                                —                      —                         —                      44
Net earnings - common shareholders                                               $           1,048 $                 1,116     $               3,960 $                 3,940


100     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis       87

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               B  87
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  United States

                                                                                                            For the three months ended                       For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                            Dec. 31               Dec. 31                      Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                                             2025              2024 (Restated)                  2025                2024 (Restated)
                                  Base earnings                                                         $             440 $                    381      $              1,582 $                  1,408

                                  Items excluded from base earnings
                                    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                $              (1) $                     (6)    $                   (9) $                     (4)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   1                        —                          2                         —
                                    Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                               17                         —                         17                         —
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  (3)                       —                          (3)                       —
                                    Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                               (14)                      (19)                      (71)                       (91)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   4                         5                        16                        22
                                    Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                      tax)                                                                            (36)                      (37)                     (145)                      (143)
                                          Income tax (expense) benefit                                                 9                         9                         36                        37
                                    Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                            —                         —                         —                         —
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  —                         —                         11                         —
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                               $             417 $                    333      $              1,436 $                  1,229
                                    Net earnings (loss) from discontinued operations (post-tax)                        —                        —                         —                      (115)
                                    Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations (post-tax)                       —                        —                         —                        44
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                    $             417 $                    333      $              1,436 $                  1,158




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Canada

                                                                                                            For the three months ended                       For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                            Dec. 31               Dec. 31                      Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                                             2025              2024 (Restated)                  2025                2024 (Restated)
                                  Base earnings                                                         $             400 $                    362      $              1,462 $                  1,418

                                  Items excluded from base earnings
                                    Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                $              38 $                      16     $                182 $                      202
                                        Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   (8)                       (7)                      (51)                      (58)
                                    Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                 1                        —                         45                       157
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  —                         —                        (12)                       (44)
                                    Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                (1)                       (5)                     (197)                       (41)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   1                         1                        54                        10
                                    Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                      tax)                                                                             (7)                       (6)                      (26)                       (25)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                   1                         2                         7                          7
                                    Tax legislative changes and other tax impacts (pre-tax)                            —                         —                         —                          —
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                  —                         14                        —                         14
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                    $             425 $                    377      $              1,464 $                  1,640




                                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     101
                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              88

                                     B  88                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Europe

                                                                                      For the three months ended                    For the twelve months ended
                                                                                      Dec. 31                Dec. 31                  Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                       2025               2024 (Restated)              2025                2024 (Restated)
Base earnings                                                                    $              256 $                   260     $              1,023 $                    946

Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                       $               (71) $                  55     $               (342) $                    23
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          15                       (9)                      73                      (4)
      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                         (9)                    26                       (30)                    (45)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            1                      (6)                       6                      12
      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                        (75)                    23                     (146)                      22
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                          14                       (6)                      30                      (5)
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
        tax)                                                                                      (4)                     (6)                     (20)                    (24)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           1                         2                       4                        5
      Tax legislative changes impact (pre-tax)                                                    —                      —                         —                       —
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           —                      —                         11                      —
Net earnings - common shareholders                                               $              128 $                   339     $                609 $                    930


Capital and Risk Solutions

                                                                                      For the three months ended                    For the twelve months ended




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                      Dec. 31                Dec. 31                  Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                       2025               2024 (Restated)              2025                2024 (Restated)
Base earnings                                                                    $              258 $                   232     $                965 $                    856

Items excluded from base earnings
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                       $               (29) $                 (23)    $                 (53) $                   54
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           10                     (2)                       14                      (8)
      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                        (35)                     (5)                     (63)                 (296)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            1                     1                          6                      50
      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                         (3)                    —                        (12)                     —
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            1                     —                          4                      —
Net earnings - common shareholders                                               $              203 $                   203     $                861 $                    656


Corporate

                                                                                      For the three months ended                    For the twelve months ended
                                                                                      Dec. 31                Dec. 31                  Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                       2025               2024 (Restated)              2025                2024 (Restated)
Base earnings (loss)                                                             $              (109) $                (120)    $               (383) $                (436)

Items excluded from base earnings (loss)
      Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                       $               (21) $                  17     $                 (44) $                   11
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            5                      (3)                      12                      (2)
      Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                         (2)                    —                        (69)                    (26)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            2                     —                         16                      43
      Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                         2                     (33)                       73                     (33)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                           (2)                       4                     (11)                       4
      Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
        tax)                                                                                      (2)                     (2)                      (7)                     (8)
           Income tax (expense) benefit                                                            2                       1                        3                       3
Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                        $              (125) $                (136)    $               (410) $                (444)




102     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis         89

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               B  89
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Base earnings - pre-tax
                                  Represents base earnings (loss) before income taxes, earnings (losses) attributable to non-controlling interests and preferred
                                  share dividends.

                                      Lifeco

                                                                                                                              For the three months ended                         For the twelve months ended
                                                                                                                               Dec. 31                 Dec. 31                     Dec. 31                  Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                2025                    2024                        2025                     2024
                                      Base earnings (pre-tax)                                                           $              1,497 $                1,362         $                 5,641 $              5,222

                                      Items excluded from Lifeco base earnings (pre-tax)
                                        Market experience relative to expectations (pre-tax)                            $                 (84) $                     59     $                  (266) $                286
                                        Assumption changes and management actions (pre-tax)                                               (28)                       21                        (100)                (210)
                                        Business transformation and other impacts (pre-tax)                                               (91)                     (34)                        (353)                (143)
                                        Amortization of acquisition-related finite life intangibles (pre-
                                          tax)                                                                                            (49)                     (51)                        (198)                (200)
                                        Total pre-tax items excluded from base earnings                                 $                (252) $                     (5)    $                  (917) $                  (267)
                                        Participating account                                                                             51                         31                         (29)                     26
                                      Earnings before income taxes                                                      $              1,296 $                  1,388       $                 4,695 $               4,981

                                  Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under administration
                                  only (AUAO) and client assets
                                  Assets under administration, assets under management or advisement and client assets are non-GAAP financial measures.
                                  These measures provide an indication of the size and volume of the Company's overall business. Administrative services are an
                                  important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered when comparing volumes, size and trends.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Total assets under administration includes assets under management or advisement (AUMA), assets under administration only
                                  (AUAO), the total of which is total client assets, and other balance sheet assets.
                                  Client assets represents the total client assets under management or advisement plus assets under administration only for the
                                  Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business.
                                  Client assets are classified as AUMA where the Company earns a fee for one or more of the following services: investment
                                  management services for proprietary funds or institutional assets, discretionary portfolio management on behalf of clients,
                                  and/or the provision of financial advice. AUMA relate to the Company's Retirement and Wealth lines of business only.
                                  Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for the definition of AUAO.
                                  Other balance sheet assets include insurance contract assets, reinsurance contract assets, goodwill and intangible assets, other
                                  assets, as well as the portion of invested assets and investments on account of segregated fund policyholders not included
                                  within total client assets.

                                      Lifeco1


                                                                                                                                                                                    Dec. 31                 Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                                                                     2025                2024 (Restated)
                                      Assets under administration
                                      Assets under management or advisement                                                                                                  $             1,136,256 $         1,006,384
                                      Assets under administration only2                                                                                                                    2,181,321           2,026,945
                                      Total client assets                                                                                                                    $             3,317,577 $         3,033,329
                                      Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                                          231,388             232,969
                                      Total assets under administration                                                                                                      $             3,548,965 $         3,266,298
                                      of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                                  862,828              802,163
                                      of which: Invested assets                                                                                                                             250,051              243,785

                                  1    Total Lifeco assets under administration includes assets under management related to PanAgora included in the Corporate segment.
                                  2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.




                                                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     103

                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis               90

                                          B  90                                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


    United States


                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31               Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                         2025              2024 (Restated)
    Assets under administration
    Assets under management or advisement                                                                                         $          570,634 $               507,615
    Assets under administration only1                                                                                                      2,173,061               2,019,475
    Total client assets                                                                                                           $        2,743,695 $             2,527,090
    Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                             47,250                  56,602
    Total assets under administration                                                                                             $        2,790,945 $             2,583,692
    of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                     358,912                 342,253
    of which: Invested assets                                                                                                                 89,945                  89,768

1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.


    Canada


                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31               Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                         2025              2024 (Restated)
    Assets under administration
    Assets under management or advisement                                                                                         $           214,765 $                 194,456
    Assets under administration only1                                                                                                            2,942                    2,888
    Total client assets                                                                                                           $           217,707 $                 197,344
    Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                             113,210                   108,628
    Total assets under administration                                                                                             $           330,917 $                 305,972




                                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                      241,841                   226,873
    of which: Invested assets                                                                                                                 102,100                    98,262

1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.


    Europe


                                                                                                                                        Dec. 31               Dec. 31
                                                                                                                                         2025              2024 (Restated)
    Assets under administration
    Assets under management or advisement                                                                                         $           290,863 $                 256,126
    Assets under administration only1                                                                                                           5,318                     4,582
    Total client assets                                                                                                           $           296,181 $                 260,708
    Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                                              59,234                    56,031
    Total assets under administration                                                                                             $           355,415 $                 316,739
    of which: Total balance sheet assets                                                                                                      250,381                   221,329
    of which: Invested assets                                                                                                                  46,795                    44,321

1    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional detail regarding this metric.


Run-rate insurance results
This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure and represents the expected earnings on long term business and the run rate on
short term or fee business. Taken together, this is an indicator of the recurring revenue of the business. It is calculated by
adding short-term insurance earnings, risk adjustment release and CSM recognized for services provided.
Non-GAAP Ratios
A non-GAAP ratio is a financial measure in the form of a ratio, fraction, percentage or similar representation that is not
disclosed in the financial statements of the Company and has a non-GAAP financial measure as one or more of its components.
These financial measures do not have a standardized definition under IFRS and might not be comparable to similar financial
measures disclosed by other issuers.
The non-GAAP ratios disclosed by the Company each use base earnings (loss) as the non-GAAP component. Base earnings
(loss) reflect management’s view of the underlying business performance of the Company and provides an alternate measure
to understand the underlying business performance compared to IFRS net earnings.


104      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis        91

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B  91
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  •   Base capital generation - This measure is expressed as a percentage of base earnings and provides a view of capital
                                      generated or consumed by the business above the Company's internal operating target level for capital. Base capital
                                      generation is calculated as base earnings plus the organic CSM and risk adjustment (RA) movements, if applicable, less the
                                      change in required capital related to new business and the run-off of in-force business at the Company's internal operating
                                      target level. These items exclude the impact of participating business and the conceptually similar items as those excluded
                                      from base earnings.
                                      •   Organic CSM movement refers to CSM (excluding participating products), plus impact of new insurance business,
                                          plus expected movements from asset returns and locked-in rates, plus CSM recognized for services provided, plus
                                          insurance experience gains and losses.
                                  •   Base dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by base earnings (loss).
                                  •   Base earnings per share - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common shares
                                      outstanding for the period.
                                  •   Base earnings per share (diluted) - Base earnings (loss) for the period is divided by the number of average common
                                      shares outstanding on a diluted basis for the period.
                                  •   Base return on equity - Base earnings (loss) for the trailing four quarters are divided by the average common
                                      shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an indicator of business unit profitability.
                                  •   Effective income tax rate - base earnings - common shareholders - Calculated by adjusting the Company's reported
                                      income taxes and net earnings before income taxes attributable to common shareholders to remove the impact of items
                                      excluded from base earnings, to calculate the effective income tax rates for common shareholders.
                                  •   Efficiency ratio - Calculated on a trailing four quarter basis as pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses
                                      divided by the sum of pre-tax base earnings and pre-tax non-par base operating and administrative expenses.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •   Financial Leverage Ratio - Calculated as the aggregation of debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total
                                      consolidated capitalization. The denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the
                                      denominator, other than CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future
                                      profit and is considered available capital under LICAT.
                                  •   Pre-tax base operating margin - Pre-tax operating earnings expressed as a percentage of fee and spread income.
                                  •   Price/base earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its base earnings per share on a trailing four
                                      quarter basis.
                                  •   Cost of management ratio - Compares the amount paid by the Company to compensate its Named Executive Officers
                                      (NEOs) relative to the Company’s base earnings for the same period. Calculated by dividing total annual compensation
                                      paid to NEOs (as disclosed in the Executive Compensation section of the Company’s management proxy circular) by base
                                      earnings for the year.

                                  Glossary
                                  •   Asset-based fee income - Represents fee income earned that is directly tied to the level of client assets under advisement,
                                      management or administration; including segregated fund products.
                                  •   Asset-based expenses and commissions - Represents the variable expenses (such as asset-based commissions &
                                      bonuses, managed account expenses, sub-advisor and fund manager costs) incurred when generating fee and other
                                      income
                                  •   Assets under administration only (AUAO) - Client assets are classified as AUAO where the Company only provides
                                      administration services for which the Company earns fees and other income. These assets are beneficially owned by the
                                      clients and the Company does not direct the investing activities. Services provided relating to assets under administration
                                      include recordkeeping, safekeeping, collecting investment income, settling of transactions or other administrative
                                      services. Administrative services are an important aspect of the overall business of the Company and should be considered
                                      when comparing volumes, size and trends. Assets included in AUAO are not included in AUMA.
                                  •   Assets under administration (AUA), assets under management or advisement (AUMA) and client assets are non-
                                      GAAP financial measures. See definitions in Non-GAAP Measures and Ratios section.
                                  •   Assumption changes and management actions - The net earnings impact of: (i) revisions to the methodologies and
                                      assumptions used in the measurement of the Company’s assets, insurance contract liabilities and investment contract
                                      liabilities, and (ii) actions taken by management in the current reporting period which include, but are not limited to,
                                      changes in in-force product features (including prices), and new or revised reinsurance deals on in-force business.
                                      Assumption changes and management actions are excluded from base earnings.
                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   105

                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            92

                                      B  92                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


•     Average client assets - Calculated as the average of the opening and ending balances of client assets during the reporting
      period using daily balances where available and monthly or quarterly balances when daily balances are unavailable.
•     Business transformation and other impacts - Business transformation and other impacts include acquisition and
      divestiture costs as well as restructuring and integration costs.
•     Book value per common share - Measure is calculated by dividing Lifeco's common shareholders' equity by the number
      of common shares outstanding at the end of the period.
•     Contractual service margin (CSM) - The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the
      Company expects to recognize in the future as it provides services under those contracts. On initial recognition of a group
      of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for insurance acquisition cash
      flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous. In this case, the CSM is
      measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or expenses arising on initial
      recognition.
•     Common shareholders' equity - A financial measure comprised of the following items from Lifeco's balance sheet: share
      capital - common shares, accumulated surplus, accumulated other comprehensive income and contributed surplus.
•     Dividend payout ratio - Dividends paid to common shareholders are divided by net earnings - common shareholders.
•     Drivers of earnings (DOE) - Drivers of earnings analysis provides additional detail on the primary sources of Lifeco's
      earnings and is a consistent presentation across Canadian insurance industry peers. The DOE view presents net earnings
      attributable to common shareholders, comprising base earnings on a DOE basis and items excluded from base earnings.
      For base insurance service result, the DOE view provides detail on expected insurance earnings, the impact of new
      business and experience gains and losses. For base net investment result, the DOE view provides detail on expected
      investment earnings, credit experience, trading activity and earnings on surplus. Base other income and expenses are
      presented separately in the DOE view with additional detail on net fee and spread income, non-directly attributable and




                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      other expenses, income taxes on base earnings, non-controlling interests, preferred dividends and other items.
•     Financial leverage ratio - Defined as debt, hybrid securities, and preferred shares divided by total consolidated
      capitalization. The denominator also includes the after-tax non-participating CSM balance in the denominator, other than
      CSM associated with segregated fund guarantees. This reflects that the CSM represents future profit and is considered
      available capital under LICAT.
•     General Measurement Model (GMM) - The Company applies this measurement model to all insurance contracts not
      measured under the PAA or VFA measurement models.
•     Gross operating and administrative expenses - Gross operating and administrative expenses is a non-GAAP financial
      measure, which excludes certain insurance-related expenses, commissions and sub-advisory fees.
•     Group Benefits in-force premiums (insured) - Represents the value of in-force premiums at the end of the reporting
      period where Lifeco underwrites the insurance risks of a group benefits solution. The Company may express the period-
      over-period net change in group life and health book premiums excluding the impact of foreign currency translation,
      which represents the net impact of new sales, terminations and organic growth of in-force business for the period.
•     Group Benefits fee and other income (ASO & other fee-based products) - Represents administrative services only (ASO)
      and other fee-based income where clients self-insure the products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and
      other ancillary services.
•     Impact of currency movement (constant currency basis) - Items impacting the Company's Consolidated Statements of
      Earnings, such as income and benefits and expenses and net earnings, are translated into Canadian dollars at an average
      rate for the period. These measures highlight the impact of changes in currency translation rates on Canadian dollar
      equivalent IFRS results and have been calculated using the average rates, as shown below, in effect at the date of the
      comparative period. These measures provide useful information as it facilitates the comparability of results between
      periods.
                                                                                                                         Year ended
                                                                                                     December 31, 2025              December 31, 2024
      United States dollar                                                                                     1.39                       1.40
      British pound                                                                                            1.85                       1.79
      Euro                                                                                                     1.62                       1.49

•     Market experience relative to expectations - The net earnings impact related to the direct equity and interest rate market
      impacts on insurance and investment contract liabilities, net of hedging, and related deferred tax liabilities, which
      includes:
106   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      93

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  93
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                      •   The impact of hedge ineffectiveness related to segregated fund guarantee liabilities that are hedged and the
                                          performance of the related hedge assets;
                                      •   The impact on segregated fund guarantee liabilities not hedged;
                                      •   The market-related impacts that are different than expectations on surplus assets, general account assets and the
                                          insurance and investment contract liabilities they support; and
                                      •   Other market impacts on general account assets and the insurance and investment contract liabilities they support
                                          that cannot be attributed to expectations within the period.
                                  •   Net asset flows - Indicator of the Company's ability to attract and retain business. Net asset flows are measured by the
                                      following:
                                      •   Canada net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets and proprietary and non-
                                          proprietary mutual funds.
                                      •   Europe net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, proprietary mutual funds
                                          and institutional assets as well as other assets under administration.
                                      •   Empower net asset flows include cash inflows and outflows related to segregated fund assets, general fund assets,
                                          proprietary and non-proprietary mutual funds as well as other assets under management.
                                      •   PanAgora net asset flows include institutional sales and redemptions.
                                  •   Net earnings from continuing operations - Defined as net earnings - common shareholders less net earnings (loss) from
                                      discontinued operations and the net gain from disposal of discontinued operations. The discontinued operations
                                      represent the results of Putnam Investments. On January 1, 2024, Lifeco completed the previously announced sale of
                                      Putnam Investments to Franklin Resources, Inc., operating as "Franklin Templeton".




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  •   Net fee and spread income - Fee and spread income less asset-based expenses and commissions.
                                  •   Non-par base operating and administrative expenses - Non-participating base operating and administrative expenses
                                      exclude business transformation costs and other expenses that are excluded from base earnings.
                                  •   Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions Canada (OSFI) - Is an independent Canadian federal government
                                      agency that regulates and supervises federally regulated financial institutions and pension plans to determine whether
                                      they are in sound financial condition and meeting their requirements.
                                  •   Other fee income - Represents other fee income earned that is not directly tied to the level of client assets; and the total
                                      base insurance service result related to unit-linked, unitized with profits and variable annuity products offered by the
                                      Wealth line of business.
                                  •   Premium Allocation Approach (PAA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with coverage
                                      periods of one year or less and those that are relatively stable and have low variability in fulfillment cash flows. Low
                                      variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates that no significant difference in measurement exists when compared to the
                                      general measurement model (GMM).
                                  •   Price/book value ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its book value per share.
                                  •   Price/earnings ratio - The Company's closing share price divided by its net earnings per share on a trailing four quarter
                                      basis.
                                  •   Return on equity (ROE) - continuing operations - Net earnings from continuing operations for the trailing four quarters
                                      are divided by the average common shareholders' equity over the trailing four quarters. This measure provides an
                                      indicator of business unit profitability.
                                  •   Sales - Sales are measured according to product type:
                                      •   For risk-based Insurance & Annuities products, sales include 100% of single premium and annualized premiums
                                          expected in the first twelve months of the plan.
                                      •   Group Benefits (insured) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for new policies and new
                                          benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies on business where the Company underwrites the
                                          insurance risks of a group benefits solution.
                                      •   Group Benefits (ASO & other fee-based products) sales reflect annualized premiums and premium equivalents for
                                          new policies and new benefits covered or expansion of coverage on existing policies where clients self-insure the
                                          products and the Company administers it on their behalf, and other ancillary services.

                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   107

                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis            94

                                      B  94                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


•     Segmented common shareholders' equity - The Company has a capital allocation methodology which tracks allocated
      capital required by each segment on a standalone basis.
      The capital allocation methodology allows the Company to calculate comparable ROE for each business unit. These ROEs
      are therefore based on the capital the business unit has been allocated. IFRS does not prescribe the calculation of ROE and
      therefore a comparable measure under IFRS is not available.
•     Spread income - Represents spread income earned on general account investment products which represents the
      difference between earned rates and rates credited to clients; and other net investment income.
•     Variable Fee Approach (VFA) - The Company applies this measurement model to contracts with direct participating
      features such as participating insurance and segregated fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment
      return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).




                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




108   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      95

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  95
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Selected Annual Information
                                      Selected annual information
                                      (in $ millions, except per share amounts)
                                                                                                                                                         For the years ended December 31
                                                                                                                                             2025                       2024                              2023
                                      Total revenue1                                                                             $                     43,976 $              39,797 $                              41,629
                                      Earnings
                                        Base earnings2                                                                                                  4,649                           4,192                        3,667
                                        Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                         3,960                           4,011                        2,862
                                        Net earnings - Common Shareholders                                                                              3,960                           3,940                        2,738
                                      Earnings per common share
                                        Basic - base earnings3                                                                                           5.03                               4.50                         3.94
                                        Basic - net earnings from continuing operations                                                                  4.29                               4.30                         3.07
                                        Basic - net earnings                                                                                             4.29                               4.23                         2.94
                                        Diluted - base earnings3                                                                                         5.01                               4.48                         3.93
                                        Diluted - net earnings from continuing operations                                                                4.26                               4.29                         3.07
                                        Diluted - net earnings                                                                                           4.26                               4.21                         2.93
                                      Total assets under administration
                                        Assets under management or advisement (AUMA)2                                            $                   1,136,256 $                   1,006,384 $                   895,412
                                        Assets under administration only (AUAO)4                                                                     2,181,321                     2,026,945                   1,592,992
                                        Total client assets2                                                                                         3,317,577                     3,033,329                   2,488,404
                                        Other assets on balance sheet                                                                                  231,388                       232,969                     202,570
                                        Discontinued operations                                                                                             —                             —                      161,566
                                        Total assets under administration4                                                                           3,548,965                     3,266,298                   2,852,540
                                      Total liabilities                                                                          $                     829,825 $                     769,509 $                   683,379




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Dividends paid per share
                                        Series G First Preferred                                                                                       1.3000                        1.3000                       1.3000
                                        Series H First Preferred                                                                                      1.21252                       1.21252                      1.21252
                                        Series I First Preferred                                                                                       1.1250                        1.1250                       1.1250
                                        Series L First Preferred                                                                                      1.41250                       1.41250                      1.41250
                                        Series M First Preferred                                                                                        1.450                         1.450                        1.450
                                        Series N First Preferred5                                                                                    0.437252                      0.437252                     0.437252
                                        Series P First Preferred                                                                                        1.350                         1.350                        1.350
                                        Series Q First Preferred                                                                                       1.2875                        1.2875                       1.2875
                                        Series R First Preferred                                                                                        1.200                         1.200                        1.200
                                        Series S First Preferred                                                                                     1.312500                      1.312500                     1.312500
                                        Series T First Preferred                                                                                       1.2875                        1.2875                       1.2875
                                        Series Y First Preferred                                                                                       1.1250                        1.1250                       1.1250
                                        Series Z First Preferred6                                                                                      0.3826                            —                            —
                                        Common                                                                                                          2.440                         2.220                        2.080

                                  1    Total revenue excludes revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments. Total revenue comprises of insurance revenue, net investment income, changes in fair
                                       value through profit or loss on investment assets and fee and other income.
                                  2    This metric is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  3    This metric is a non-GAAP ratio. Refer to the "Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Ratios" section of this document for additional details.
                                  4    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.
                                  5    The Series N First Preferred Share dividend was reset at the end of 2020 to a five year fixed dividend rate of 1.749% per annum which applied until December 30, 2025. Starting on
                                       December 31, 2025, the rate was reset to a five year fixed dividend rate of 4.09% or $1.0225 per annum.
                                  6    The Company issued the Series Z Preferred Shares at a dividend rate equal to $1.425 per annum on September 24, 2025. The initial dividend of $0.3826 per share was paid on
                                       December 31, 2025.

                                  Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                                  The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information relating to
                                  the Company which is required to be disclosed in reports filed under provincial and territorial securities legislation is: (a)
                                  recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the provincial and territorial securities
                                  legislation, and (b) accumulated and communicated to the Company's senior management, including the President and Chief
                                  Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
                                  regarding required disclosure. Management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures
                                  as at December 31, 2025 and, based on such evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-
                                  President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective.


                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     109

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              96

                                          B  96                                                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with IFRS. The Company’s
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. All internal
control systems have inherent limitations and may become ineffective because of changes in conditions. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.
The Company's management, under the supervision of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-
President and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting
based on the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework (COSO Framework) published by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Company’s management adopted the revised 2013 COSO Framework in 2015
as the basis to evaluate the effectiveness of Lifeco’s internal control over financial reporting.
During the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, there have been no changes in the Company's internal control over
financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Management evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as
at December 31, 2025 and, based on such evaluation, the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Executive Vice-
President and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective
and that there are no material weaknesses in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

Transactions with Related Parties
Relationship with Power Corporation Group of Companies
Lifeco's controlling shareholder is Power Financial Corporation (Power Financial), which is wholly owned by Power
Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) and, ultimately, by the Desmarais Family Residuary Trust. Power Corporation also




                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
controls IGM Financial Inc. and its subsidiaries (IGM), Sagard Holdings Inc. (Sagard), a multi-strategy alternative asset
manager, Portage Ventures (Portage), a global fintech venture capital investment strategy as well as Power Sustainable
Manager Inc. (Power Sustainable), a global multi-platform alternative asset manager. Lifeco and Mackenzie Financial
Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGM, are investors in Northleaf Capital Partners Ltd. (Northleaf), a global private
equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager. The Company and its subsidiaries invest in funds managed by Sagard,
Power Sustainable, Portage and Northleaf. Sagard also provides certain sub-advisory and property management services to the
Company and its subsidiaries. Some of these related entities operate in similar or related sectors to those in which Lifeco's
subsidiaries operate. A number of the Company's directors are also directors or officers of Power Corporation or one of its
affiliates.
Lifeco's relationship with Power Financial, Power Corporation, IGM, Sagard, Portage, Power Sustainable and other members of
the Power Corporation group of companies enables Lifeco to access expertise and industry knowledge, achieve economies of
scale and access investment opportunities. As a result of these relationships, Lifeco and other members of the Power
Corporation group of companies may become aware of opportunities that are also of potential interest to other members of the
group and Lifeco may share information for that purpose. Power Corporation and Power Financial from time to time also assist
Lifeco to identify and analyze strategic corporate opportunities that may be of potential interest to it. However, Power
Corporation and Power Financial have no commitment to Lifeco that would require them or their respective subsidiaries,
directors or officers to offer any particular opportunity to Lifeco.
The Company has related party procedures that require, among other things, transactions between the Company and its
subsidiaries and any member of the Power Corporation group of companies to be on terms no less favourable than market
terms or where there is no open market, on terms that would reasonably be expected to provide at least fair value to the
Company. Under the related party procedures, any material related party transactions must be reviewed and approved by a
conduct review committee composed entirely of directors who are independent of management and Power Corporation and its
affiliates.
Other Transactions with Related Parties
In the normal course of business, subsidiaries of Lifeco enter into various transactions with related companies which include
providing insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power Corporation group of companies.
In all cases, transactions were at market terms and conditions.
During the year, Canada Life provided to and received from IGM and its subsidiaries, a member of the Power Corporation
group of companies, certain administrative services. Canada Life also provided life insurance, annuity and disability insurance
products under a distribution agreement with IGM. All transactions were provided at market terms and conditions.
The Company owns 9,200,407 shares, held through Canada Life, representing a 3.90% ownership interest in IGM. The
Company uses the equity method to account for its investment in IGM as it exercises significant influence. In 2025, the
110   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      97

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  97
                                  Management's Discussion and Analysis
                                  Management’s Discussion and Analysis


                                  Company recognized $37 million for the equity method share of IGM net earnings and received dividends of $20 million from
                                  its investment in IGM.
                                  Segregated funds of the Company were invested in funds managed by IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments.
                                  Mackenzie Investments also manages certain of the Company's portfolio investments. The Company also has interests in
                                  mutual funds, open-ended investment companies and unit trusts. Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of the
                                  Company, who are paid sub-advisory fees related to these services. During 2025, the Company and its subsidiaries made
                                  additional investments in funds managed by related parties. All transactions were provided at market terms and conditions.
                                  The Company held debentures issued by IGM with a carrying value of $89 million at December 31, 2025 ($90 million at
                                  December 31, 2024).
                                  On September 3, 2025, the Toronto Stock Exchange approved an amendment that permitted the Company to purchase its
                                  shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in connection with
                                  the 2025 NCIB. During 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 12,801,349 common shares held by PFC
                                  under the 2025 NCIB at a cost of $768 million. Commencing on January 6, 2026, Lifeco is permitted to repurchase its shares
                                  from PFC under the renewed NCIB. See “Capital Structure – Equity – Common Shares” for further details.
                                  Power Corporation also controls Sagard Holdings Inc. (Sagard), a multi-strategy alternative asset manager, Power Sustainable
                                  Manager Inc. (Power Sustainable), a global multi-platform alternative asset manager, and Portage Ventures (Portage), a global
                                  fintech venture capital investment entity. Lifeco has a minority investment in Sagard and a long-term strategic partnership with
                                  Power Sustainable. Lifeco and Mackenzie Financial Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGM, are investors in Northleaf
                                  Capital Partners Ltd. (Northleaf), a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager. The Company and its
                                  subsidiaries invest in funds and debt instruments managed by Sagard, Power Sustainable, Portage and Northleaf. Sagard also
                                  provides certain sub-advisory and property management services to the Company and its subsidiaries.
                                  The Company provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  to pension and other post-employment benefits for employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. These transactions were
                                  provided at market terms and conditions.

                                  Quarterly Financial Information
                                      Quarterly financial information
                                      (in $ millions, except per share amounts)

                                                                                                                                            2025                                                 2024
                                                                                                                Q4             Q3             Q2            Q1             Q4               Q3          Q2          Q1
                                       Insurance revenue                                                    $    5,690 $        5,594 $       5,551 $        5,486 $        5,399 $         5,292 $     5,273 $      5,250
                                       Net investment income                                                     2,611          2,588         2,319          2,335          2,685           2,249       2,409        2,340
                                       Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                                          (5)       1,699            954         1,259         (2,981)          6,906       (864)      (1,385)
                                       Fee and other income                                                      2,052          1,984         1,948          1,911          1,952           1,806       1,794        1,672
                                      Total revenue1                                                        $ 10,348 $ 11,865 $ 10,772 $ 10,991 $                           7,055 $ 16,253 $            8,612 $      7,877

                                      Net earnings from continuing operations2
                                         Total                                                              $    1,048 $        1,158 $          894 $          860 $       1,116 $          859 $      1,005 $      1,031
                                         Basic - per share                                                         1.15          1.25           0.96           0.92           1.20           0.92        1.08            1.10
                                         Diluted - per share                                                       1.14          1.25           0.96           0.92           1.19           0.92        1.08            1.10

                                      Net earnings - Common Shareholders
                                         Total                                                              $    1,048 $        1,158 $          894 $         860 $        1,116 $          859 $      1,005 $           960
                                         Basic - per share                                                        1.15           1.25           0.96           0.92          1.20            0.92        1.08            1.03
                                         Diluted - per share                                                      1.14           1.25           0.96           0.92          1.19            0.92        1.08            1.03

                                  1    Total revenue and its components exclude revenue from discontinued operations related to Putnam Investments.
                                  2    Refer to the "Glossary" section of this document for additional details on the composition of this measure.


                                  Total revenue
                                  Total revenue for the fourth quarter of 2025 was $10.3 billion and comprises insurance revenue of $5.6 billion ($5.4 billion for
                                  the same quarter last year), net investment income of $2.6 billion ($2.7 billion for the same quarter last year), fee and other
                                  income of $2.1 billion ($2.0 billion for the same quarter last year) and changes in fair value through profit or loss on investment
                                  assets of negative $5 million (negative $3.0 billion for the same quarter last year).


                                                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     111

                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis              98

                                         B  98                                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Management's Discussion and Analysis
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Insurance revenue
Insurance revenue for the fourth quarter of 2025 was $5.7 billion, an increase of $0.3 billion compared to the same quarter last
year, primarily due to higher earnings from short-term insurance contracts across all segments as well as higher CSM
recognized for services provided in the Capital and Risk Solutions and Europe segments.
Total net investment income
Total net investment income, which includes net investment income and changes in fair value on FVTPL assets, for the fourth
quarter of 2025 increased by $2.9 billion compared to the same quarter last year.
 •    The changes in fair value in the fourth quarter of 2025 were immaterial compared to a decrease of $3.0 billion in the fourth
      quarter of 2024, primarily due to an increase in bonds unrealized gains in Europe and U.S., driven by a decrease in bond
      yields.
 •    Net investment income in the fourth quarter of 2025 of $2.6 billion, which excludes changes in fair value through profit or
      loss, decreased by $0.1 billion compared to the same quarter last year, primarily due to the strengthening of the British
      pound and euro against the Canadian dollar, offset by an increase of bond income in Canada, Europe and Capital and Risk
      Solutions.
Fee and other income
Fee and other income for the fourth quarter of 2025 was $2.0 billion, an increase of $0.2 billion compared to the same quarter
last year, primarily due to higher assets driven by higher markets across all regions.
Net earnings
Lifeco's consolidated net earnings attributable to common shareholders were $1,048 million for the fourth quarter of 2025
compared to $1,116 million for the same quarter last year. On a per share basis, this represents $1.15 per common share ($1.14
diluted) for the fourth quarter of 2025 compared to $1.20 per common share ($1.19 diluted) a year ago.

Additional Information




                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Additional information relating to Lifeco, including Lifeco's most recent annual consolidated financial statements, CEO/CFO
certification and Annual Information Form are available at www.sedarplus.com.




112   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Management's Discussion and Analysis      99

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  99
                                  Financial Reporting Responsibility


                                  The consolidated financial statements of Great-West Lifeco Inc. are the responsibility of management and are prepared in accordance with
                                  International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The financial information contained elsewhere in the annual report is consistent with that
                                  in the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements necessarily include amounts that are based on management’s
                                  best estimates. These estimates are based on careful judgments and have been properly reflected in the consolidated financial statements. In
                                  the opinion of management, the accounting practices utilized are appropriate in the circumstances and the consolidated financial statements
                                  present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Great-West Lifeco and the results of its operations and its cash flows in accordance
                                  with IFRS.
                                  In carrying out its responsibilities, management maintains appropriate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable
                                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS.
                                  The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors, which has oversight responsibilities with respect to financial
                                  reporting. The Board of Directors carries out this responsibility principally through the Audit Committee, which comprises independent
                                  directors. The Audit Committee is charged with, among other things, the responsibility to:
                                  • Review the interim and annual consolidated financial statements and report thereon to the Board of Directors.
                                  • Review internal control procedures.
                                  • Review the independence of the external auditors and the terms of their engagement and recommend the appointment and compensation of
                                    the external auditors to the Board of Directors.
                                  • Review other audit, accounting and financial reporting matters as required.
                                  In carrying out the above responsibilities, this Audit Committee meets regularly with management, and with both the Company’s external and
                                  internal auditors to review their respective audit plans and to review their audit findings. The Committee is readily accessible to the external
                                  and internal auditors.
                                  The Board of Directors of each of The Canada Life Assurance Company and Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America appoints an
                                  Actuary who is either a Fellow of the Canadian Institute of Actuaries or a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries. The Actuary:
                                  • Ensures that the assumptions and methods used in the valuation of policy liabilities are in accordance with International Financial Reporting
                                    Standards, accepted actuarial practice, applicable legislation and associated regulations and directives, and the consolidated financial




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    statements fairly present the result of the valuation.
                                  • Examination of supporting data for accuracy and completeness is an important element of the work required to form this opinion.
                                  Deloitte LLP Chartered Professional Accountants, as Great-West Lifeco’s external auditors, have audited the consolidated financial statements.
                                  The Independent Auditor’s Report to the Shareholders is presented following the consolidated financial statements. Their opinion is based upon
                                  an examination conducted in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, performing such tests and other procedures as
                                  they consider necessary in order to obtain reasonable assurance that the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
                                  the financial position of the Company and the results of its operations and its cash flows in accordance with IFRS.




                                  /s/ David Harney                  /s/ Jon Nielsen

                                  David Harney                     Jon Nielsen
                                  President and                    Executive Vice-President and
                                  Chief Executive Officer          Chief Financial Officer

                                  Toronto, Ontario
                                  February 11, 2026




                                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   113



                                      B  100                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
Consolidated Statements of Earnings


(in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts)                                                                            For the years
                                                                                                                          ended December 31
                                                                                                                       2025                      2024
Insurance service result
      Insurance revenue (note 12)                                                                             $               22,321 $                  21,214
      Insurance service expenses (note 13)                                                                                   (17,239)                 (16,368)
      Net expense from reinsurance contracts                                                                                  (1,703)                   (1,599)
                                                                                                                               3,379                     3,247
Net investment result (note 6)
      Net investment income                                                                                                    9,853                     9,683
      Changes in fair value on fair value through profit or loss assets                                                        3,907                     1,676
                                                                                                                              13,760                    11,359
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                  (6,355)                   (5,918)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                   (326)                     (10)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                              (5,002)                   (2,932)
                                                                                                                               2,077                     2,499
Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders
      Net investment income                                                                                                    5,044                     6,828
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                  (5,044)                   (6,828)
                                                                                                                                   —                        —
Other income and expenses
      Fee and other income                                                                                                     7,895                     7,224
      Operating and administrative expenses (note 13)                                                                         (7,461)                   (7,050)




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets (note 9)                                                                     (441)                    (415)
      Financing costs (note 19)                                                                                                  (379)                    (402)
      Restructuring and integration expenses (note 4)                                                                            (375)                    (122)
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                   4,695                     4,981
Income taxes (note 29)                                                                                                           534                       737
Net earnings from continuing operations before non-controlling interests                                                       4,161                     4,244
Attributable to non-controlling interests (note 21)                                                                                41                      103
Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred share dividends and other equity
  distributions                                                                                                                4,120                     4,141
Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                                                         160                       130
Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                        3,960                     4,011
Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                                              —                      (115)
Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                                                  —                       44
Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                            $                3,960 $                   3,940


Earnings per common share (note 23)
      Basic                                                                                                   $                  4.29 $                   4.23
      Diluted                                                                                                 $                  4.26 $                   4.21
Earnings per common share from continuing operations (note 23)
      Basic                                                                                                   $                  4.29 $                   4.30
      Diluted                                                                                                 $                  4.26 $                   4.29




114     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements           1

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  101
                                  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                                  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income


                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                           For the years
                                                                                                                                                                  ended December 31
                                                                                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before preferred share dividends and other equity
                                    distributions                                                                                                   $                 4,120 $                   4,070
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)
                                  Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                    Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign operations                                                    (208)                    1,413
                                    Foreign exchange translation gains reclassified to earnings on disposal of foreign operations                                         —                         (211)
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations                                                    (243)                        (172)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     (1)                        40
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income                                   130                         113
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    (21)                        (25)
                                    Realized (gains) losses on bonds and mortgages at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                      (note 6)                                                                                                                            (8)                        47
                                         Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                      3                         (10)
                                    Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges                                                                                                240                          64
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    (65)                        (17)
                                    Realized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                                                                        (194)                         (61)
                                         Income tax expense (benefit)                                                                                                     52                         16
                                    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                             23                        (109)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                     (6)                        30
                                    Total items that may be reclassified                                                                                               (298)                    1,118




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Items that will not be reclassified to Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                    Unrealized gains (losses) on stocks at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                155                         (409)
                                    Re-measurements on defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans (note 26)                                        165                         264
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                    (45)                        (72)
                                    Non-controlling interests                                                                                                            (15)                        (21)
                                         Income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                      4                           6
                                    Total items that will not be reclassified                                                                                           264                         (232)
                                  Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                                                                (34)                       886
                                  Comprehensive income                                                                                              $                 4,086 $                   4,956




                                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     115
                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  2

                                     B  102                                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Balance Sheets


(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                          December 31               December 31
                                                                                                                     2025                      2024
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents (note 5)                                                                            $               8,902 $                  10,709
Bonds (note 6)                                                                                                              174,468                   167,114
Mortgage loans (note 6)                                                                                                      36,873                    38,879
Stocks (note 6)                                                                                                              21,515                    18,826
Investment properties (note 6)                                                                                                8,293                     8,257
                                                                                                                            250,051                   243,785

Insurance contract assets (note 14)                                                                                           1,571                     1,193
Reinsurance contract held assets (note 15)                                                                                   16,850                    17,842
Goodwill (note 9)                                                                                                            11,283                    11,428
Intangible assets (note 9)                                                                                                    4,912                     4,958
Derivative financial instruments (note 30)                                                                                    1,863                     2,431
Owner occupied properties (note 10)                                                                                             829                       789
Fixed assets (note 10)                                                                                                          395                       346
Accounts and interest receivable                                                                                              6,029                     5,402
Other assets (note 11)                                                                                                       15,190                    15,265
Current income taxes                                                                                                            401                       272
Deferred tax assets (note 29)                                                                                                 2,285                     2,066
Investments on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 17)                                                           551,169                   496,386
Total assets                                                                                                  $             862,828 $                 802,163

Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities (note 14)                                                                      $             161,644 $                 155,683
Investment contract liabilities (note 16)                                                                                    89,042                    90,157
Reinsurance contract held liabilities (note 15)                                                                                 919                       795
Debentures and other debt instruments (note 18)                                                                               8,792                     9,469




                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Derivative financial instruments (note 30)                                                                                    2,412                     2,137
Accounts payable                                                                                                              3,981                     3,524
Other liabilities (note 20)                                                                                                  10,431                    10,230
Current income taxes                                                                                                            498                       294
Deferred tax liabilities (note 29)                                                                                              937                       834
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 17)                                                    70,418                    66,343
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders (note 17)                                                  480,751                   430,043
Total liabilities                                                                                                           829,825                   769,509

Equity
Non-controlling interests (note 21)
   Participating account surplus in subsidiaries                                                                               3,079                    3,041
   Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                      67                       72
Shareholders' equity
   Share capital (note 22)
         Limited recourse capital notes                                                                                       1,500                     1,500
         Preferred shares                                                                                                     2,920                     2,720
         Common shares                                                                                                        5,983                     6,071
   Accumulated surplus                                                                                                       17,503                    17,266
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (note 27)                                                                           1,742                     1,776
   Contributed surplus                                                                                                          209                       208
Total equity                                                                                                                 33,003                    32,654
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                  $             862,828 $                 802,163




Approved by the Board of Directors:




/s/ R. Jeffrey Orr                                /s/ David Harney

Jeffrey Orr                                       David Harney
Chair of the Board                                President and Chief Executive Officer
116   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements         3

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 B  103
                                  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
                                  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity


                                  (in Canadian $ millions)                                                                           December 31, 2025
                                                                                                                                      Accumulated
                                                                                                                                          other                               Non-
                                                                                             Share           Contributed Accumulated comprehensive                         controlling         Total
                                                                                            capital            surplus     surplus    income (loss)                         interests         equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year                            $      10,291 $             208 $             17,266 $                 1,776 $           3,113 $          32,654
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                    preferred share dividends and other equity
                                    distributions                                                     —               —                 4,120                       —                41            4,161
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss)                                   —               —                     —                      (34)               (6)                (40)
                                                                                               10,291               208               21,386                   1,742             3,148            36,775
                                  Preferred share dividends and other equity
                                     distributions (note 23)                                          —               —                  (160)                      —                —                  (160)
                                  Common share dividends                                              —               —                (2,253)                      —                —            (2,253)
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 22)                                           99             (22)                   —                       —                16                  93
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
                                    course issuer bid (note 22)                                  (187)                —                (1,466)                      —                —            (1,653)
                                  Equity settlement of subsidiary's share-based plans                 —               —                     —                       —                 (8)                 (8)
                                  Issuance of preferred shares (note 22)                          200                 —                     —                       —                —                  200
                                  Share issue costs (note 22)                                         —               —                      (4)                    —                —                    (4)
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                   —              23                     —                       —                —                   23
                                  Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
                                    subsidiary                                                        —               —                     —                       —               (10)                 (10)
                                  Balance, end of year                                  $      10,403 $             209 $             17,503 $                 1,742 $           3,146 $          33,003




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                      December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                    Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                       other                  Non-
                                                                                            Share            Contributed      Accumulated          comprehensive           controlling          Total
                                                                                            capital            surplus          surplus               income                interests          equity
                                  Balance, beginning of year                            $      10,220 $              234 $            15,492 $                     890 $          3,015 $         29,851
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders, before
                                    preferred dividends                                               —               —                 4,070                        —              103             4,173
                                  Other comprehensive income                                          —               —                      —                     886                94                 980
                                                                                               10,220                234              19,562                    1,776             3,212           35,004
                                  Preferred share dividends (note 23)                                 —               —                   (130)                      —                —                 (130)
                                  Common share dividends                                              —               —                (2,069)                       —                —            (2,069)
                                  Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                    payment plans (note 22)                                           88             (20)                    —                       —                12                  80
                                  Shares purchased and cancelled under normal
                                    course issuer bid (note 22)                                       (17)            —                     (97)                     —                —                 (114)
                                  Equity settlement of subsidiary's share-based plans                  —              —                      —                       —                (9)                  (9)
                                  Impact of sale of discontinued operations                           —              (32)                    —                       —               (99)               (131)
                                  Share-based payment plans expense                                   —               26                     —                       —                —                   26
                                  Derecognition of non-controlling interest in
                                    subsidiary                                                        —               —                      —                       —                (3)                  (3)
                                  Balance, end of year                                  $      10,291 $              208 $             17,266 $                 1,776 $           3,113 $         32,654




                                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     117
                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                   4

                                      B  104                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows


(in Canadian $ millions)                                                                                                     For the years
                                                                                                                          ended December 31
                                                                                                                       2025                      2024
Operations
      Earnings before income taxes                                                                            $                4,695 $                   4,821
      Income taxes paid, net of refunds received                                                                                 (764)                    (707)
      Adjustments:
        Change in insurance contract liabilities                                                                               5,024                     5,636
        Change in investment contract liabilities                                                                              3,132                    (5,538)
        Change in reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                                          120                       115
        Change in reinsurance contract held assets                                                                               663                       586
        Change in insurance contract assets                                                                                      (371)                     38
        Changes in fair value through profit or loss                                                                          (3,907)                   (1,676)
        Sales, maturities and repayments of portfolio investments                                                             56,482                    43,805
        Purchases of portfolio investments                                                                                   (61,194)                 (42,566)
        Other                                                                                                                 (1,172)                      237
                                                                                                                               2,708                     4,751
Financing Activities
      Issue of common shares                                                                                                       99                      88
      Issue of preferred shares (note 22)                                                                                        200                        —
      Share issue costs (note 22)                                                                                                   (4)                     —
      Purchased and cancelled common shares                                                                                   (1,653)                     (114)
      Repayment of senior notes (note 3)                                                                                         (689)                      —




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Increase in line of credit of subsidiaries                                                                                 138                        —
      Decrease in line of credit of subsidiaries                                                                                   —                       (60)
      Dividends paid on common shares                                                                                         (2,253)                   (2,069)
      Dividends paid on preferred shares & other equity distributions                                                            (160)                    (130)
                                                                                                                              (4,322)                   (2,285)
Investment Activities
      Impact from sale of discontinued operations                                                                                  —                      (211)
      Investment in associates and joint ventures                                                                                 (56)                    (121)
      Business acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                             —                       (76)
                                                                                                                                  (56)                    (408)

Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                                 (137)                     534
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                              (1,807)                    2,592
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                  10,709                     8,117
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                        $                8,902 $                  10,709


Supplementary cash flow information
      Interest income received                                                                                $                8,037 $                   7,657
      Interest paid                                                                                                              389                       410
      Dividend income received                                                                                                   512                       494




118     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements           5

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  105
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (in Canadian $ millions except per share amounts and where otherwise indicated)

                                  1.    Corporate Information
                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco or the Company) is a publicly listed company (Toronto Stock Exchange: GWO), incorporated
                                  and domiciled in Canada. The registered address of the Company is 100 Osborne Street North, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada,
                                  R3C 1V3. Lifeco is a member of the Power Corporation of Canada (Power Corporation) group of companies and is a subsidiary
                                  of Power Corporation.
                                  Lifeco is a financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, wealth
                                  and asset management, and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States and Europe through its operating
                                  subsidiaries including The Canada Life Assurance Company (Canada Life) and Empower Annuity Insurance Company of
                                  America (Empower).
                                  The consolidated financial statements (financial statements) of the Company as at and for the year ended December 31, 2025
                                  were approved by the Board of Directors on February 11, 2026.

                                  2.    Basis of Presentation and Summary of Material Accounting Policies
                                  The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in compliance with IFRS Accounting Standards, as
                                  issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Consistent accounting policies were applied in the preparation
                                  of the consolidated financial statements of the subsidiaries of the Company.
                                  Changes in Accounting Policies
                                  The Company adopted the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards for IAS 21, The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange
                                  Rates effective January 1, 2025. The adoption of these amendments did not have a material impact on the Company's financial




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  statements.
                                  Basis of Consolidation
                                  The consolidated financial statements of the Company were prepared as at and for the year ended December 31, 2025 with
                                  comparative information as at and for the year ended December 31, 2024. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of
                                  acquisition, being the date on which the Company obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such
                                  control ceases. The Company has control when it has the power to direct the relevant activities, has significant exposure to
                                  variable returns from these activities and has the ability to use its power to affect the variable returns. All intercompany
                                  balances and transactions, including income and expenses, profits or losses and dividends, are eliminated on consolidation.
                                  Use of Significant Judgments, Estimates and Assumptions
                                  In preparation of these consolidated financial statements, management is required to make significant judgments, estimates
                                  and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net earnings and related disclosures. Key sources of
                                  estimation uncertainty and areas where significant judgments have been made are listed below and discussed throughout the
                                  notes to these consolidated financial statements including:
                                  •    Management applies judgment in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business
                                       combination.
                                  •    Management applies judgment in determining the assets and liabilities to be included in a disposal group, and uses
                                       estimates in the determination of the fair value for disposal groups, including contingent consideration and costs to sell.
                                  •    Management uses independent qualified appraisal services to determine the fair value of investment properties, which
                                       utilize judgments and estimates. These appraisals are adjusted by applying management judgments and estimates for
                                       material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market conditions (note 6).
                                  •    Management uses internal valuation models which utilize judgments and estimates to determine the fair value of equity
                                       release mortgages. These valuations are adjusted by applying management judgments and estimates for material changes
                                       in projected asset cash flows, and discount rates (note 6).
                                  •    In the determination of the fair value of financial instruments, management exercises judgment in the determination of
                                       fair value inputs, particularly those items categorized within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy (note 8).
                                  •    Cash generating units for intangible assets and cash generating unit groupings for goodwill have been determined by
                                       management as the lowest level that the assets are monitored for internal reporting purposes, which requires management
                                       judgment in the determination of the lowest level of monitoring (note 9).


                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   119

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              6

                                       B  106                                                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


•     Management evaluates the future benefit for initial recognition and measurement of goodwill and intangible assets as well
      as testing the recoverable amounts. The determination of the carrying value and recoverable amounts of the cash
      generating unit groupings for goodwill and cash generating units for intangible assets relies upon the determination of fair
      value or value-in-use using valuation methodologies (note 9).
•     Management applies judgment in determining whether deferred acquisition costs and deferred income reserves can be
      recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Deferred acquisition costs are recognized if management determines the
      costs meet the definition of an asset, are incremental and related to the issuance of the investment contract (notes 11 and
      20).
•     Management applies judgment when evaluating the classification of insurance and reinsurance contracts to determine
      whether these arrangements should be accounted for as insurance, investment or service contracts.
•     The actuarial assumptions, such as mortality, longevity, morbidity, expense and policyholder behaviour, used in the
      valuation of insurance and certain investment contract liabilities require judgment and estimation (notes 14 and 16).
•     Management applies judgment in determining the coverage units which are based on an estimate of the quantity of
      coverage provided by the contracts in a group, considering the quantity of benefits provided and the expected coverage
      duration.
•     The Company considers all terms of contracts it issues to determine whether there are amounts payable to the
      policyholder in all circumstances, regardless of contract cancellation, maturity, and the occurrence or non-occurrence of
      an insured event. Some amounts, once paid by the policyholder, are repayable to the policyholder in all circumstances.
      The Company considers such payments to meet the definition of an investment component, irrespective of whether the
      amount repayable varies over the term of the contract as the amount is repayable only after it has first been paid by the
      policyholder.
•     In determining discount rates to apply to most insurance contract liability cash flows, the Company generally uses the top-




                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      down approach for cash flows of non-participating contracts that do not depend on underlying items. Applying this
      approach, the Company uses the yield curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets and adjusts it to exclude the effects of
      risks (e.g., credit risk) present in the cash flows from the financial instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but
      not in the insurance cash flows. One of the key sources of estimation uncertainty is estimating the market risk premiums
      for credit risk of the underlying items that are only relevant to assets included in the reference portfolio, but not to the non-
      participating contracts. For some products, discount rates are set using a bottom-up approach, based on risk-free rates,
      plus an illiquidity premium, which also requires judgment (note 14).
•     When determining the risk adjustment for non-financial risk, the Company applies judgment in reflecting diversification
      and calculating the confidence level.
•     The determination of whether a contract or a group of contracts is onerous is based on the expectations as at the date of
      initial recognition and subsequently, with fulfillment cash flow expectations determined on a probability-weighted basis.
      The Company determines the appropriate level at which reasonable and supportable information is available to make this
      assessment. The Company applies judgment in determining at what level of granularity the Company has sufficient
      information to conclude that all contracts within a set will be in the same group.
•     The measurement of impairment losses under IFRS 9, Financial Instruments (IFRS 9) across relevant financial assets
      requires judgment, in particular for the estimation of the amount and timing of future cash flows when determining
      impairment losses and the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk.
•     The actuarial assumptions used in determining the expense and benefit obligations for the Company’s defined benefit
      pension plans and other post-employment benefits requires judgment and estimation. Management reviews previous
      experience of its plan members and market conditions including interest rates and inflation rates in evaluating the
      assumptions used in determining the expense for the current year (note 26).
•     The Company operates within various tax jurisdictions where management judgments and estimates are required when
      interpreting the relevant tax laws, regulations and legislation in the determination of the Company’s tax provisions and the
      carrying amounts of its tax assets and liabilities (note 29).
•     Management applies judgment in assessing the recoverability of the deferred income tax asset carrying values based on
      future years’ taxable income projections (note 29).
•     Legal and other provisions are recognized resulting from a past event which, in the judgment of management, has resulted
      in a probable outflow of economic resources which would be passed to a third-party to settle the obligation. Management
      applies judgment in evaluating the possible outcomes and risks in determining the best estimate of the provision at the
      balance sheet date (note 31).

120   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements        7

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  107
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  •   The operating segments of the Company are the segments reviewed by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer to assess
                                      performance and allocate resources within the Company. Management applies judgment in the aggregation of the
                                      business units into the Company's operating segments (note 33).
                                  •   The Company consolidates all subsidiaries and entities which management determines that the Company controls.
                                      Control is evaluated on the ability of the Company to direct the activities of the subsidiary or entity to derive variable
                                      returns and management applies judgment in determining whether control exists. Judgment is exercised in the evaluation
                                      of the variable returns and in determining the extent to which the Company has the ability to exercise its power to generate
                                      variable returns.
                                  •   Management applies judgment when determining whether the Company retains the primary obligation with a client in
                                      sub-advisor arrangements. Where the Company retains the primary obligation to the client, revenue and expenses are
                                      recorded on a gross basis.
                                  •   The results of the Company reflect management’s judgments regarding the impact of prevailing global credit, equity and
                                      foreign exchange market conditions. The Company’s practice is to use third-party independent credit ratings where
                                      available. Judgment is required when setting credit ratings for instruments that do not have a third-party rating.
                                  The material accounting policies are as follows:
                                  (a) Portfolio Investments
                                  Portfolio investments that meet the definition of a financial asset include bonds, mortgage loans and stocks.
                                  A financial asset is measured at fair value on initial recognition and is classified and subsequently measured as fair value
                                  through profit or loss (FVTPL), fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI), or amortized cost based upon the
                                  Company’s business model for managing its assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the asset.
                                  The Company’s business models are determined at the level that reflects how its groups of financial assets are managed




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  together to achieve business objectives.
                                  A financial asset is classified as FVOCI if it meets the following criteria and is not designated as FVTPL:
                                  •   It is held in a business model whose objective is to hold to collect contractual cash flows and sell financial assets, and
                                  •   Its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI) on
                                      the principal amount outstanding; or
                                  •   It is an investment in an equity instrument that is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognized by an
                                      acquirer in a business combination, and at initial recognition, the Company has made an irrevocable election to present
                                      subsequent changes in FVOCI.
                                  A financial asset is classified as amortized cost if it meets the following criteria and is not designated as FVTPL:
                                  •   It is held in a business model whose objective is to hold to collect contractual cash flows, and
                                  •   Its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI on the principal amount outstanding.
                                  FVOCI investments are recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with unrealized gains and losses recorded
                                  in the Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income.
                                  Any financial asset that does not qualify for measurement at amortized cost or FVOCI is classified as FVTPL. For financial
                                  instruments that meet the amortized cost or FVOCI criteria, the Company may exercise the option to designate, at initial
                                  recognition, such financial instruments as FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that
                                  would otherwise arise. Investments measured as FVTPL are recognized at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with
                                  realized and unrealized gains and losses recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  Investments in stocks, except for those where the Company exerts significant influence, are classified on initial recognition as
                                  FVTPL unless an irrevocable designation is made to classify an individual instrument as FVOCI.
                                  Interest income earned on bonds and mortgages is calculated using the effective interest method and is recorded within net
                                  investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  Investment properties are real estate held to earn rental income or for capital appreciation. Investment properties are initially
                                  measured at cost and subsequently carried at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All changes in fair value are
                                  recorded within the net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Properties held to earn rental income or
                                  for capital appreciation that have an insignificant portion that is owner occupied or where there is no intent to occupy on a
                                  long-term basis are classified as investment properties. Properties that do not meet these criteria are classified as owner


                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   121

                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               8

                                      B  108                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


occupied properties. Property that is leased that would otherwise be classified as investment property if owned by the
Company is also included within investment properties.
Investments in Joint Arrangements and Associates
The Company recognizes an investee as a joint venture when the Company or one of its subsidiaries requires unanimous
consent with other investor(s) over decisions about the relevant activities of the investee. An associate is an entity which the
Company exercises significant influence over the entity’s financial and operating policies without having control or joint
control.
The Company applies equity method accounting to its investments in joint ventures and associates. Under the equity method,
an investment in a joint venture or an associate is recognized initially on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost and adjusted
thereafter to recognize the Company’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The Company’s
investments in associates and joint ventures are presented as stocks on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company’s
proportionate share of the associate’s or joint venture’s earnings is recorded in net investment income in the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.
Fair Value Measurement
The following is a description of the methodologies used to value instruments carried at fair value:
Bonds - FVTPL and FVOCI
Fair values for bonds measured as FVTPL or FVOCI are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices primarily
provided by third-party independent pricing sources. Where prices are not quoted in an active market, fair values are
determined by valuation models. The Company maximizes the use of observable inputs when measuring fair value. The
Company obtains quoted prices in active markets, when available, for identical assets at the balance sheet date to measure
bonds at fair value in its FVTPL and FVOCI portfolios.




                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company estimates the fair value of bonds not traded in active markets by referring to actively traded securities with
similar attributes, dealer quotations, matrix pricing methodology, discounted cash flow analyses and/or internal valuation
models. This methodology considers such factors as the issuer's industry, the security's rating, term, coupon rate and position
in the capital structure of the issuer, as well as yield curves, credit curves, prepayment rates and other relevant factors. For
bonds that are not traded in active markets, valuations are adjusted to reflect illiquidity, and such adjustments generally are
based on available market evidence. In the absence of such evidence, management's best estimate is used.
Mortgages - FVTPL and FVOCI
There are no market observable prices for mortgages; therefore fair values for mortgages are determined by discounting
expected future cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. Valuation inputs typically include benchmark
yields and risk-adjusted spreads based on current lending activities and market activity.
Equity Release Mortgages - FVTPL
There are no market observable prices for equity release mortgages; therefore an internal valuation model is used for
discounting expected future cash flows and includes consideration of the embedded no negative equity guarantee. Inputs to
the model include market observable inputs such as benchmark yields and risk-adjusted spreads. Non-market observable
inputs include property growth and volatility rates, expected rates of voluntary redemptions, death, moving to long term care
and interest cessation assumptions and the value of the no negative equity guarantee.
Stocks - FVTPL and FVOCI
Fair values for stocks traded on an active market are generally determined by the last bid price for the security from the
exchange where it is principally traded. Fair values for stocks for which there is no active market are typically based upon
alternative valuation techniques such as discounted cash flow analysis, review of price movement relative to the market and
utilization of information provided by the underlying investment manager. The Company maximizes the use of observable
inputs when measuring fair value. The Company obtains quoted prices in active markets, when available, for identical assets at
the balance sheet date to measure stocks at fair value in its FVTPL and FVOCI portfolios.
Investment Properties
Fair values for investment properties are determined using independent qualified appraisal services and include management
adjustments for material changes in property cash flows, capital expenditures or general market conditions in the interim
period between appraisals. The determination of the fair value of investment property requires the use of estimates including
future cash flows (such as future leasing assumptions, rental rates, capital and operating expenditures) and discount,
reversionary and overall capitalization rates applicable to the asset based on current market conditions. Investment property
under construction is valued at fair value if such values can be reliably determined; otherwise they are recorded at cost.

122   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements        9

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                               B  109
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Net Investment Income Recognition
                                  Interest income on bonds and mortgages is recognized and accrued using the effective interest method.
                                  Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established. This is the ex-dividend date for listed stocks,
                                  and usually the notification date or date when the shareholders have approved the dividend for private equity instruments.
                                  Investment property income includes rents earned from tenants under lease agreements and property tax and operating cost
                                  recoveries. Rental income leases with contractual rent increases and rent-free periods are recognized on a straight-line basis
                                  over the term of the lease.
                                  Derecognition
                                  The Company derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it
                                  transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. On
                                  derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum
                                  of the consideration received and receivable is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. In addition, on
                                  derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument classified as FVOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated is
                                  reclassified to the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. On derecognition of stocks designated as FVOCI, the cumulative gain
                                  or loss previously accumulated remains in equity.
                                  Expected Credit Losses
                                  Expected credit loss (ECL) allowances are recognized on all financial assets, except for financial assets classified or designated
                                  as FVTPL and equity securities designated as FVOCI.
                                  The ECL allowance is based on a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses expected as a result of defaults over the relevant
                                  time period as prescribed under the ECL model, which is a three-stage impairment approach.
                                  Stage 1




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Performing financial assets that have not experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition or have low
                                  credit risk are categorized into stage 1. A 12-month ECL allowance is calculated for stage 1 financial assets. To assess if credit
                                  risk has increased significantly, the Company compares the risk of default at initial recognition to the risk as at the current
                                  reporting date.
                                  Stage 2
                                  Performing financial assets that have experienced a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition are categorized
                                  into stage 2. A lifetime ECL allowance is calculated for stage 2 financial assets. Financial assets are assessed for a significant
                                  increase in credit risk on an individual basis, utilizing the Company’s internal credit risk rating system and the monitoring of
                                  timely payments on the assets. Financial assets that have contractual payments more than 30 days past due are generally
                                  presumed to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk and are included in stage 2. A financial asset in stage 2 can
                                  revert to stage 1 if the credit risk subsequently improves.
                                  Stage 3
                                  Impaired financial assets are categorized into stage 3 and require a lifetime ECL allowance. Financial assets are reviewed
                                  regularly on an individual basis to determine impairment status. The Company considers various factors in the impairment
                                  evaluation process, including, but not limited to, the financial condition of the issuer, specific adverse conditions affecting an
                                  industry or region, decline in fair value not related to interest rates, bankruptcy or defaults, and delinquency in payments of
                                  interest or principal. Financial assets are deemed to be impaired when there is objective evidence that timely collection of
                                  future cash flows can no longer be reliably estimated. The fair value of a financial asset is not a definitive indicator of
                                  impairment, as it may be significantly influenced by other factors including the remaining term to maturity and liquidity of the
                                  asset; however, market price is taken into consideration when evaluating impairment.
                                  The Company monitors all financial assets that are subject to impairment for significant increases in credit risk. In making this
                                  assessment, the Company considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable,
                                  including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
                                  Modified Financial Assets
                                  An existing financial asset whose terms have been modified may be derecognized and the renegotiated asset recognized as a
                                  new financial asset at fair value in accordance with the Company’s accounting policies.
                                  If modification does not result in derecognition, the financial asset continues to be subject to the assessment for significant
                                  increase in credit risk relative to initial recognition. Expected cash flows arising from the modified contractual terms are
                                  considered when calculating the ECL for the modified asset. For loans that were modified while having lifetime ECLs, such
                                  loans can revert to having 12-month ECLs if the borrower's financial condition improves.
                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   123

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                10

                                      B  110                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Definition of Default
The definition of default used in the measurement of ECL is consistent with the definition used for the Company’s internal
credit risk management purposes. A financial asset is considered to be in default when the issuer is unlikely to meet its credit
obligations in full or when it is 90 days past due.
Securities Lending
The Company engages in securities lending through its securities custodians as lending agents. Loaned securities are not
derecognized, and continue to be reported within invested assets, as the Company retains substantial risks and rewards and
economic benefits related to the loaned securities.
(b) Transaction Costs
Transaction costs are expensed as incurred for financial instruments classified as FVTPL. Transaction costs are capitalized for
all other classifications of financial instruments at acquisition, and taken into net earnings using the effective interest method
for fixed income instruments or when sold for equity instruments.
(c)   Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash, current operating accounts, overnight bank and term deposits with maturities of
three months or less held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash requirements. Net payments in transit and overdraft bank
balances are included in other liabilities.
(d) Trading Account Assets
Trading account assets include the portfolio investments of the Company's consolidated Collaterized Loan Obligations (CLOs),
sponsored funds, open ended investment companies and sponsored unit-trusts, which are carried at fair value based on the
net asset value of these funds. Investments in these assets are included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets with




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
realized and unrealized gains and losses reported in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Each CLO is a special purpose vehicle that owns a portfolio of investments, consisting primarily of senior secured loans, and
issues various tranches of senior and subordinated notes to third parties for the purpose of financing the purchase of those
investments. Assets of the special purpose vehicle, the senior secured loans, are included in other assets and the associated
liabilities, the senior and subordinated notes issued to third parties, are included in other liabilities on the Consolidated
Balance Sheets.
(e) Debentures and Other Debt Instruments and Capital Trust Securities
Debentures and other debt instruments and capital trust securities are initially recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at
fair value and subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method with amortization expense recorded in
financing costs in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. These liabilities are derecognized when the obligation is cancelled
or redeemed.
(f)   Other Assets and Other Liabilities
Other assets includes prepaid expenses, deferred acquisition costs, finance leases receivable, right-of-use assets and other
miscellaneous assets, which are measured at cost or amortized cost. Other assets also includes funds held under investment
contracts, which comprises of cash and cash equivalents, bonds, mortgages and other miscellaneous assets, which are
measured in accordance with the Company's corresponding accounting policies.
Other liabilities includes deferred income reserves, bank overdraft, lease liabilities and other miscellaneous liabilities, which
are measured at cost or amortized cost.
Other liabilities also include notes of consolidated CLOs, which are classified as FVTPL. Gains or losses are recognized in net
investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Provisions are recognized within other liabilities when the Company has a present obligation, either legal or constructive,
resulting from a past event, and in management's judgment, it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be
required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount. The amount recognized for provisions are
management's best estimate at the balance sheet date. The Company recognizes a provision for restructuring when a detailed
formal plan for the restructuring has been established and that the plan has raised a valid expectation in those affected that the
restructuring will occur.
Pension and other post-employment benefits also included within other assets and other liabilities are measured in
accordance with note 2(r).



124   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            11

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  111
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (g) Disposal Group Classified As Held For Sale and Discontinued Operations
                                  Disposal groups are classified as held for sale when the carrying amount will be recovered through a sale transaction rather
                                  than continuing use. The fair value of a disposal group is measured at the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less costs
                                  to sell. Individual assets and liabilities in a disposal group not subject to these measurement requirements include financial
                                  assets, investment properties and insurance contract liabilities. These assets and liabilities are measured in accordance with
                                  the relevant accounting policies described for those assets and liabilities included in this note before the disposal group as a
                                  whole is measured to the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell. Any impairment loss for the disposal group
                                  is recognized as a reduction to the carrying amount for the portion of the disposal group under the measurement requirements
                                  for IFRS 5, Non-Current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.
                                  Disposal group assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately on the Company’s Consolidated Balance
                                  Sheets. Gains and losses from disposal groups held for sale are presented separately in the Company’s Consolidated
                                  Statements of Earnings.
                                  A disposal group qualifies as a discontinued operation if it is a component of an entity for which operations and cash flows can
                                  be clearly distinguished from the rest of the Company, that either has been disposed of, or is classified as held for sale, and:
                                  •   Represents a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations;
                                  •   Is part of a single coordinated plan to dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations; or
                                  •   Is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.
                                  Classification as a discontinued operation occurs at the earlier of disposal and when the operation meets the criteria to be
                                  classified as held for sale.
                                  Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount in net
                                  earnings (loss) from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  When an operation is classified as a discontinued operation, the comparative Consolidated Statements of Earnings is re-
                                  presented as if the operation had been discontinued from the beginning of the comparative year.
                                  (h) Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging
                                  The Company uses derivative products as risk management instruments to hedge or manage asset, liability and capital
                                  positions, including fee and investment income. The Company’s policy guidelines prohibit the use of derivative instruments for
                                  speculative trading purposes.
                                  The Company includes disclosure of the maximum credit risk, future credit exposure, credit risk equivalent and risk weighted
                                  equivalent in note 30 as prescribed by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) in Canada.
                                  All derivatives including those that are embedded in financial and non-financial contracts that are not closely related to the
                                  host contracts are recorded at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The method of recognizing unrealized and
                                  realized fair value gains and losses depends on whether the derivatives are designated as hedging instruments. For derivatives
                                  that are not designated as hedging instruments, unrealized and realized gains and losses are recorded within the net
                                  investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. For derivatives designated as hedging instruments, unrealized
                                  and realized gains and losses are recognized according to the nature of the hedged item.
                                  Derivatives are valued using market transactions and other market evidence whenever possible, including market based inputs
                                  to models, broker or dealer quotations or alternative pricing sources with reasonable levels of price transparency. When
                                  models are used, the selection of a particular model to value a derivative depends on the contractual terms of, and specific risks
                                  inherent in, the instrument, as well as the availability of pricing information in the market. The Company generally uses similar
                                  models to value similar instruments. Valuation models require a variety of inputs, including contractual terms, market prices
                                  and rates, yield curves, credit curves, measures of volatility, prepayment rates and correlations of such inputs.
                                  As permitted under IFRS 9, the Company has elected to continue to apply the hedge accounting principles under IAS 39,
                                  Financial Instruments, instead of those under IFRS 9. To qualify for hedge accounting, the relationship between the hedged
                                  item and the hedging instrument must meet several strict conditions on documentation, probability of occurrence, hedge
                                  effectiveness and reliability of measurement. If these conditions are not met, the relationship does not qualify for hedge
                                  accounting treatment and both the hedged item and the hedging instrument are reported independently as if there was no
                                  hedging relationship.




                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   125

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                12

                                      B  112                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Where a hedging relationship exists, the Company documents all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged
items, as well as its risk management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes
linking derivatives that are used in hedging transactions to specific assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or
to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Company also assesses, both at the hedge’s inception and on an
ongoing basis, whether derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
flows of hedged items. Hedge effectiveness is reviewed quarterly through correlation testing. Hedge accounting is discontinued
when the hedging no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.
Derivatives Not Designated as Hedges for Accounting Purposes
For derivative investments not designated as accounting hedges, changes in fair value are recorded in the net investment
result.
Fair Value Hedges
For fair value hedges, changes in fair value of both the hedging instrument and the hedged risk are recorded in the net
investment result and consequently any ineffective portion of the hedge is recorded immediately in the net investment result.
The Company currently uses foreign exchange forward contracts designated as fair value hedges.
Cash Flow Hedges
For cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the changes in fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in the same
manner as the hedged item while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the net investment result. Gains and
losses that accumulate in other comprehensive income are recorded in the net investment result in the same period the
hedged item affects net earnings. Gains and losses on cash flow hedges are immediately reclassified from other comprehensive
income to the net investment result if and when it is probable that a forecasted transaction is no longer expected to occur.
The Company currently uses interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps and equity total return swaps designated as cash flow




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
hedges.
Net Investment Hedges
For net investment hedges, the effective portion of changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in other
comprehensive income while the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the net investment result. The unrealized
foreign exchange gains (losses) on the instruments are recorded within accumulated other comprehensive income and will be
reclassified into net earnings when the Company disposes of the foreign operation.
The Company currently uses cross-currency swaps, foreign exchange forward contracts, and debt instruments designated as
net investment hedges.
(i)   Foreign Currency Translation
The Company operates with multiple functional currencies. The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in
Canadian dollars as this presentation is most meaningful to financial statement users. For those subsidiaries with different
functional currencies, exchange rate differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form part of the net
investment in the foreign operation are recorded in unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on translation of foreign
operations in other comprehensive income.
For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, assets and liabilities are translated into Canadian dollars at
the rate of exchange prevailing at the balance sheet dates and all income and expense items are translated at an average of daily
rates. Unrealized foreign currency translation gains and losses on translation of the Company’s net investment in its foreign
operations are presented separately as a component of other comprehensive income. Unrealized gains and losses will be
recognized proportionately within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings when there has been a disposal of the investment
in the foreign operations.
Foreign currency translation gains and losses on foreign currency transactions of the Company are included in the net
investment result.
(j)   Business Combinations, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The Company identifies and classifies, in accordance
with the Company’s accounting policies, all assets acquired and liabilities assumed as at the acquisition date. Goodwill
represents the excess of purchase consideration over the fair value of net assets of the acquired subsidiaries of the Company.
Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.




126   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            13

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  113
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Intangible assets represent finite life and indefinite life intangible assets of acquired subsidiaries of the Company and software
                                  acquired or internally developed by the Company. Finite life intangible assets include the value of technology/software, certain
                                  brands and trademarks, certain customer contracts and distribution channels. These finite life intangible assets are amortized
                                  over their estimated useful lives, typically ranging between 3 and 30 years.
                                  Indefinite life intangible assets include brands and trademarks, certain customer contracts and the shareholders' portion of
                                  acquired future participating account profits. Amounts are classified as indefinite life intangible assets when, based on an
                                  analysis of all the relevant factors, there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to generate net
                                  cash inflows for the Company. The identification of indefinite life intangible assets is made by reference to relevant factors such
                                  as product life cycles, potential obsolescence, industry stability and competitive position. Following initial recognition,
                                  indefinite life intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
                                  Impairment Testing
                                  Goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including those resulting from an acquisition during the year, are tested for
                                  impairment annually or more frequently if events indicate that impairment may have occurred. Intangible assets that were
                                  previously impaired are reviewed at each reporting date for evidence of reversal. In the event that certain conditions have been
                                  met, the Company would be required to reverse the impairment loss or a portion thereof.
                                  Goodwill has been allocated to cash generating unit groupings, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for
                                  internal reporting purposes. Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the carrying value of each cash generating unit
                                  grouping to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount
                                  exceeds its recoverable amount.
                                  Intangible assets have been allocated to cash generating units, representing the lowest level that the assets are monitored for
                                  internal reporting purposes.
                                  Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment. If




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  indicators of impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is performed and recognized as necessary. Impairment is
                                  assessed by comparing the carrying values of the assets to their recoverable amounts. An impairment loss is recognized for the
                                  amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                                  The recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use.
                                  Finite life intangible assets are reviewed annually to determine if there are indicators of impairment and assess whether the
                                  amortization periods and methods are appropriate. If indicators of impairment have been identified, a test for impairment is
                                  performed and then the amortization of these assets is adjusted or impairment is recognized as necessary.
                                  (k) Fee and Other Income Recognition
                                  Fee income includes fees earned from management of investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders,
                                  proprietary mutual fund assets, record-keeping, fees earned on administrative services only Group health contracts,
                                  commissions and fees earned from management services. Fee and other income is recognized on the transfer of services to
                                  customers for the amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for those services promised.
                                  The Company has sub-advisor arrangements where the Company retains the primary obligation with the client; as a result, fee
                                  income earned is reported on a gross basis with the corresponding sub-advisor expense recorded in operating and
                                  administrative expenses.
                                  (l)    Owner Occupied Properties and Fixed Assets
                                  Property held for own use and fixed assets are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation, disposals and impairments.
                                  Depreciation is expensed over the estimated useful lives of the assets, using the straight-line method, on the following bases:
                                                    Owner occupied properties                     15 - 20 years
                                                    Furniture and fixtures                         5 - 10 years
                                                    Other fixed assets                             3 - 10 years
                                  Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at least annually and adjusted if necessary.
                                  (m) Deferred Acquisition Costs
                                  Included in other assets are deferred acquisition costs related to investment contracts and service contracts. These are
                                  recognized as assets if the costs are incremental and incurred due to the contract being issued and are primarily amortized on a
                                  straight-line basis over the term of the contract, not to exceed 20 years.


                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   127

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               14

                                        B  114                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(n) Segregated Funds
Segregated fund assets and liabilities arise from contracts where all financial risks associated with the related assets are borne
by policyholders and are presented separately on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The assets and liabilities are set equal to the
fair value of the underlying asset portfolio. Segregated fund contracts are classified as insurance contracts or investment
contracts following the classification criteria described in the accounting policy for Insurance Contracts, Investment Contracts
and Reinsurance Contracts Held. Investment income and changes in fair value of the segregated fund assets are offset by a
corresponding change in the segregated fund liabilities. The Company accounts for guarantees on its segregated fund products
within insurance contract liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(o) Insurance Contracts, Investment Contracts and Reinsurance Contracts Held
Contract Classification
Insurance Contracts
The Company identifies insurance contracts as arrangements where the Company accepts significant insurance risk from
another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder or beneficiary of the contract for specified
uncertain future events that adversely affect the policyholder and for which the amount and timing is unknown.
The Company determines whether a contract contains significant insurance risk by assessing if an insured event could cause
the Company to pay to the policyholder additional amounts that are significant in any single scenario with commercial
substance even if the insured event is extremely unlikely or the expected present value of the contingent cash flows is a small
proportion of the expected present value of the remaining cash flows from the insurance contract. In making this assessment,
the Company considers all its substantive rights and obligations, whether they arise from contract, law or regulation.
When the Company issues insurance contracts to compensate another entity for claims arising from one or more insurance
contracts issued by that other entity, the associated contracts are reinsurance contracts issued which is part of insurance




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
contracts issued.
Investment Contracts
In the absence of significant insurance risk, the Company classifies contracts as investment contracts or service contracts.
Investment contracts with discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 17, Insurance
Contracts (IFRS 17) and investment contracts without discretionary participating features are accounted for in accordance with
IFRS 9. The Company has not classified any contracts as investment contracts with discretionary participating features.
Investment contracts may be reclassified as insurance contracts after inception if insurance risk becomes significant. A contract
that is classified as an insurance contract at contract inception remains as such until all rights and obligations under the
contract are extinguished or expire. Investment contracts are contracts that carry financial risk, which is the risk of a possible
future change in one or more of the following: interest rate, commodity price, foreign exchange rate, or credit rating. Refer to
note 7 for discussion of risk management.
Investment contracts are measured at FVTPL in order to eliminate or significantly reduce an accounting mismatch that would
otherwise arise from measuring the assets that back the contract on different bases.
Reinsurance Contracts Held
The Company enters into arrangements to transfer insurance risk, along with the respective premiums, to one or more
reinsurers who will share the risks. To the extent that assuming reinsurers are unable to meet their obligations, the Company
remains liable to its policyholders for the portion reinsured. Contracts of this nature are defined as reinsurance contracts held.
Separating Components from Insurance and Reinsurance Contracts
At inception, the Company separates the following components from an insurance or reinsurance contract held and accounts
for them as if they were stand-alone financial instruments:
•     Derivatives embedded in the contract which have economic characteristics and risks that are not closely related to those of
      the host contract, and which have terms that would not meet the definition of an insurance or reinsurance contract held as
      a stand-alone instrument; and
•     Distinct investment components: investment components that are not highly inter-related with the insurance components
      and for which contracts with equivalent terms are sold, or could be sold, separately in the same market or the same
      jurisdiction.
After separating any financial instrument components, the Company separates any promises to transfer distinct goods or non-
insurance services to policyholders and accounts for them as separate contracts with customers. A good or service is distinct if
the policyholder can benefit from it either on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the policyholder. A

128   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            15

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  115
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  good or service is not distinct and is accounted for together with the insurance component if the cash flows and risks associated
                                  with the good or service are highly inter-related with the cash flows and risks associated with the insurance component, and
                                  the Company provides a significant service of integrating the good or service with the insurance component.
                                  Level of Aggregation
                                  The Company determines its level of aggregation for the insurance contracts issued by dividing the business written into
                                  portfolios. Portfolios comprise groups of contracts with similar risks which are managed together. The Company has defined
                                  portfolios of insurance contracts issued based on its product lines. Portfolios are further disaggregated into groups of contracts
                                  that are issued within an annual period (typically a financial year) and are further divided into onerous contracts, contracts that
                                  have no significant possibility of becoming onerous subsequently, and all other contracts. An insurance contract is onerous if,
                                  at the date of initial recognition, the estimated fulfillment cash flow expectations determined on a probability-weighted basis is
                                  a net outflow. The Company’s evaluation of whether contracts are onerous is based on reasonable and supportable
                                  information. The Company has not identified any groups of insurance contracts that have no significant possibility of
                                  becoming onerous subsequently.
                                  In determining groups of contracts, the Company has elected to include in the same group contracts where its ability to set
                                  prices or levels of benefits for policyholders with different characteristics is constrained by regulation. Contracts are aggregated
                                  into groups once they have been initially recognized.
                                  The Company has defined portfolios of reinsurance contracts held based on the portfolios of the underlying insurance
                                  contracts issued. Groups of reinsurance contracts held that are entered into within an annual period (typically a financial year)
                                  are divided based on whether they are in a net gain or net loss position at initial recognition.
                                  Some reinsurance contracts held provide cover for underlying contracts that are included in different groups. However, these
                                  contracts’ legal form of a single contract reflects the substance of the Company’s contractual rights and obligations, considering
                                  that the different remaining coverages lapse together and are not sold separately. As a result, the reinsurance contract held is
                                  not separated into multiple insurance components that relate to different underlying groups.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Initial Recognition
                                  The Company recognizes a group of insurance contracts that it issues from the earliest of:
                                  •   The beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts;
                                  •   The date when the first payment from a policyholder in the group becomes due or when the first payment is received if
                                      there is no due date; and
                                  •   For a group of onerous contracts, when the group becomes onerous if facts and circumstances indicate there is such a
                                      group.
                                  A group of reinsurance contracts held is recognized on the following date:
                                  •   Reinsurance contracts held initiated by the Company that provide proportionate coverage: the date on which any
                                      underlying insurance contract is initially recognized;
                                  •   Other reinsurance contracts held initiated by the Company: the beginning of the coverage period of the group of
                                      reinsurance contracts. However, if the Company recognizes an onerous group of underlying insurance contracts on an
                                      earlier date and the related reinsurance contract held was entered into before that earlier date, then the group of
                                      reinsurance contracts held is recognized on that earlier date; and
                                  •   Reinsurance contracts held that are acquired by the Company: the date of acquisition.
                                  Contract Boundaries
                                  The Company includes in the measurement of a group of insurance and reinsurance contracts held all the future cash flows
                                  within the boundary of each contract in the group. Cash flows are within the boundary of a contract if they arise from
                                  substantive rights and obligations that exist during the reporting period in which the Company can compel the policyholder to
                                  pay the premiums (or is compelled to pay amounts to a reinsurer), or in which the Company has a substantive obligation to
                                  provide the policyholder with services (or receive services from a reinsurer). A substantive obligation to provide services ends
                                  when:
                                  •   The Company has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the particular policyholder and, as a result, can set a price or
                                      level of benefits that fully reflects those risks, or
                                  •   Both the following criteria are satisfied:
                                      •    The Company has the practical ability to reassess the risks of the portfolio of insurance contracts that contain the
                                           contract and, as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects the risk of that portfolio; and

                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   129

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                16

                                      B  116                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


      •    The pricing of the premiums for coverage up to the date when the risks are reassessed does not take into account the
           risks that relate to periods after the reassessment date.
For reinsurance contracts held, a substantive obligation to receive services ends when the reinsurer has the practical ability to
reassess the risk transferred to it and, as a result, can set a price or level of benefits that fully reflects those risks, or the reinsurer
has the substantive right to terminate the coverage.
For insurance contracts with renewal periods, the Company assesses whether premiums and related cash flows that arise from
the renewed contract are within the contract boundary. The pricing of renewals is established by the Company after
considering the risks and terms of coverage for the policyholder, with reference to the pricing of contracts with equivalent risks
and terms on the renewal dates. The Company reassesses the contract boundary of each group at the end of each reporting
period.
Liabilities or assets relating to expected premiums or claims outside the boundary of the insurance contract are not recognized
as these amounts relate to future insurance contracts.
Measurement of Insurance Contracts
There are three measurement models provided by IFRS 17 to measure insurance contracts:
•     The General Measurement Model (GMM);
•     The Variable Fee Approach (VFA); and
•     The Premium Allocation Approach (PAA).
The General Measurement Model
The Company applies this model to its medium to long-term insurance products, such as individual protection, payout
annuities, and longevity swaps.




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Initial Measurement
On initial recognition, the Company measures a group of insurance contracts as the total of the fulfillment cash flows, and the
contractual service margin (CSM).
Fulfillment Cash Flows
Fulfillment cash flows comprise probability-weighted estimates of future cash flows, discounted to reflect the time value of
money and the associated financial risks, plus a risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
The Company estimates future contractual cash flows within the contracts’ boundary by considering evidence from current
and past conditions, as well as possible future conditions to reflect market and non-market variables impacting the valuation of
cash flows. The estimates of these cash flows are based on probability-weighted expected values that reflect the average of a full
range of possible outcomes and includes an explicit risk adjustment for non-financial risk. The risk adjustment is the
compensation the Company receives in fulfilling an insurance contract that arises from uncertainties surrounding the amount
and timing of cash flows for non-financial risks. The non-financial risk assumptions are mortality, longevity, morbidity, lapse,
and expense. Estimates and assumptions are reviewed periodically for appropriateness in reflecting current, past, and future
conditions.
When estimating fulfillment cash flows, the Company includes all cash flows that are within the contract boundary including:
•     Premiums and related cashflows;
•     Claims and benefits, including reported claims not yet paid, incurred claims not yet reported and expected future claims;
•     Premium and other transaction-based taxes and cash flows from loans to policyholders;
•     Insurance acquisition cash flows which are allocated to groups of contracts on a systematic and rational basis;
•     Other fixed and variable expenses directly attributable to the fulfillment of insurance contracts;
•     Investment expenses incurred in investment activities related to underlying items such as universal life funds and
      segregated fund account balances; and
•     The impact of funds withheld for reinsurance contracts issued to manage credit risk.
Contractual Service Margin
The CSM of a group of insurance contracts represents the unearned profit that the Company expects to recognize in the future
as it provides services under those contracts.

130   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            17

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  117
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  On initial recognition of a group of insurance contracts, if the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets for
                                  insurance acquisition cash flows, and any cash flows arising at that date is a net inflow, the group of contracts is non-onerous.
                                  In this case, the CSM is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the net inflow, which results in no net income or
                                  expenses arising on initial recognition.
                                  Discount Rates
                                  The Company measures time value of money using discount rates that are consistent with observable market prices and reflect
                                  the liquidity characteristics of the insurance contracts. They exclude the effect of factors that influence such observable market
                                  prices but do not affect the future cash flows of the insurance contracts (e.g., credit risk).
                                  The Company applies the top-down approach for insurance contract liabilities that have assets backing them. Under this
                                  approach, discount rates are estimated by starting from the yield curve implied in a reference portfolio of assets that closely
                                  reflects the duration, currency, and liquidity characteristics of the insurance cash flows, and then excluding the effects of risks
                                  (e.g., credit risk) present in the cash flows from the financial instruments that are part of the reference portfolio, but not in the
                                  insurance contracts cash flows. The allowance for credit risk in the discount rate varies depending on the credit rating, sector
                                  and term of the assets reflected in the discount rate. The allowance is estimated based on historic credit experience and
                                  prevailing market conditions. For example, if there is a significant widening of market credit spreads, an additional allowance
                                  for credit risk to reduce the discount rate may be required to reflect prevailing market conditions. The Company uses the fixed-
                                  income assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities as the reference portfolio to determine the discount rates, in the
                                  observable period, while the discount rates in the unobservable period are based on an ultimate investment rate. In situations
                                  where the fixed-income assets supporting the insurance contract liabilities do not appropriately reflect the illiquidity
                                  characteristics of the liability, an additional adjustment is made to the discount rate.
                                  In cases where the insurance contract liabilities are not backed by assets, the Company applies the bottom-up approach to set
                                  the discount rate. This approach uses a risk-free rate, plus a spread to reflect the liquidity characteristics of the liability. Risk-
                                  free rates are determined by reference to highly liquid government securities in the currency of the insurance contract liability,




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  and the spread is derived from an external benchmark.
                                  Risk Adjustment
                                  The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that the Company requires for bearing uncertainty in
                                  the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows due to non-financial risk. Non-financial risks are insurance risks such
                                  as life mortality, annuity mortality and morbidity, and other risks such as expense and lapse. The risk adjustment is calculated
                                  by applying a margin to non-financial assumptions and discounting the resulting margin cash flows at the same discount rates
                                  as the best estimate cash flows. The margins applied reflect diversification benefits across all non-financial risks. The
                                  Company’s target range for the confidence level of the risk adjustment is between the 85th and 90th percentile, and the risk
                                  adjustment is currently within the target range. The confidence level is determined on a net-of-reinsurance basis.
                                  Insurance Acquisition Cash Flows
                                  Insurance acquisition cash flows arise from selling and underwriting activities required to initiate a group of contracts.
                                  Any assets or liabilities for insurance acquisition cash flows recognized before the corresponding insurance contracts are
                                  recognized and included in the carrying amount of the related groups of insurance contracts issued. Judgments are applied by
                                  management to determine which costs are directly attributable to the issuance of a group of contracts and the portion of those
                                  costs that are allocated to groups of contracts arising from expected renewals.
                                  The asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if facts and circumstances
                                  indicate that impairment may have occurred. In testing for impairment, the carrying value of the asset is compared to the
                                  expected net cash inflow for the related group of insurance contracts.
                                  Additionally, if a portion of the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows has been allocated to future renewals of the related
                                  group of contracts, the carrying value of the asset is compared to the expected net cash inflow for those expected renewals. If
                                  the carrying value exceeds the expected net cash inflows described above, a loss is recognized in the insurance service result. In
                                  the event that facts and circumstances indicate the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows is no longer impaired, the
                                  impairment loss, or a portion thereof, is reversed.
                                  Subsequent Measurement
                                  The carrying amount of a group of insurance contracts at each reporting date is the sum of the liability for remaining coverage
                                  and the liability for incurred claims.
                                  •   The liability for remaining coverage comprises the fulfillment cash flows that relate to services that will be provided under
                                      the contracts in future periods and any remaining CSM at that date.


                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   131

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                18

                                      B  118                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


•     The liability for incurred claims comprises the fulfillment cash flows for incurred claims and expenses that have not yet
      been paid, including claims that have been incurred but not yet reported.
The fulfillment cash flows for groups of insurance contracts are measured at the reporting date using current estimates of
future cash flows, current discount rates, and current estimates of risk adjustment for non-financial risk.
For a group of insurance contracts, the carrying amount of the CSM of the group at the end of the reporting period equals the
carrying amount at the start of the reporting period, adjusted for:
•     The CSM of any new contracts that are added to the group in the period;
•     Interest accreted on the carrying amount of the CSM during the period, measured at the discount rates on nominal cash
      flows that do not vary based on the returns on any underlying items determined on initial recognition;
•     The changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to future services (measured using initial recognition discount rates),
      except to the extent that:
      •    Any increases in the fulfillment cash flows that exceed the carrying amount of the CSM, in which case the excess is
           recognized as a loss in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and creates a loss component; or
      •    Any decreases in the fulfillment cash flows are allocated to the loss component, reversing losses previously recognized
           in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
•     The effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM; and
•     The amount recognized as insurance revenue because of the services provided in the period.
The changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to future services that adjust the CSM comprise of:
•     Experience adjustments arising from premium and premium related cash flows received in the period that relate to future




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      services;
•     Changes in both estimates of the present value of future cash flows and risk adjustment in the liability for remaining
      coverage, measured at the discount rates determined on initial recognition, except for those that relate to the effects of the
      time value of money and financial risk changes; and
•     Differences between any investment components not separated from the contract expected to become payable in the
      period (after allowing for financial experience variance) and the actual investment component that becomes payable in
      the period, measured at the discount rates determined on initial recognition.
Changes in expected future discretionary cash flows are regarded as an assumption relating to future services and accordingly
adjust the CSM.
Changes in fulfillment cash flows that relate to current or past service are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Earnings as part of the insurance service result. Changes that relate to the effects of the time value of money and financial risk
are recognized in insurance finance income or expenses.
The Variable Fee Approach
The Company applies this model to contracts with direct participating features such as participating insurance and segregated
fund business with insurance guarantees, where an investment return is provided to the policyholder based on a defined pool
of items (e.g., a portfolio of assets).
Recognition
The Company will recognize an insurance contract under the VFA if it meets all of the following conditions at initial
recognition:
•     The policyholder participates in a share of a clearly identified pool of underlying items;
•     The Company expects to pay the policyholder an amount equal to a substantial share of the returns from the underlying
      items; and
•     The substantial proportion of the cash flows the Company expects to pay to the policyholder is expected to vary with cash
      flows from the underlying items.
The Company performs the test for VFA qualification at initial recognition.
Initial Measurement
Similar to the GMM, the VFA initially measures the insurance contract liabilities as the fulfillment cash flows plus CSM.

132   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            19

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  119
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Subsequent Measurement
                                  For a group of insurance contracts applying the VFA, the carrying amount of the CSM of the group at the end of the reporting
                                  period equals the carrying amount at the beginning of the reporting period adjusted for the following:
                                  •   The effect of any new contracts added to the group;
                                  •   The Company’s share of the change in the fair value of the underlying items, except to the extent that:
                                      •    The Company has a previously documented risk-management objective and strategy for using derivatives to mitigate
                                           financial risk arising from the insurance contracts, as it does for the insured assets contracts;
                                      •    The Company’s share of a decrease in the fair value of the underlying items exceeds the carrying amount of the
                                           contractual service margin, giving rise to a loss; or
                                      •    The Company’s share of an increase in the fair value of the underlying items reverses the amount previously
                                           recognized as a loss.
                                  •   The changes in fulfillment cash flows, relating to future service, except to the extent that:
                                      •    The Company has a previously documented risk-management objective and strategy for using derivatives to mitigate
                                           financial risk arising from the insurance contracts, as it does for insured assets contracts;
                                      •    Such increases in the fulfillment cash flows exceed the carrying amount of the contractual service margin, giving rise
                                           to a loss; or
                                      •    Such decreases in the fulfillment cash flows are allocated to the loss component of the liability for remaining coverage.
                                  •   The effect of any currency exchange differences on the CSM; and
                                  •   The amount recognized as insurance revenue because of the services provided in the period.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Risk Mitigation
                                  The Company mitigates the financial risks created by guarantees embedded in some of their insurance contracts with direct
                                  participation features through the use of derivatives and reinsurance contracts held. The derivatives are in the scope of IFRS 9
                                  with changes in their fair value reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. In applying risk mitigation, the financial
                                  impact on the guarantees embedded in these direct participating contracts do not adjust the CSM and are also reflected in the
                                  Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  Premium Allocation Approach
                                  The Company applies this model to its short-term insurance products, such as group life and health.
                                  Recognition
                                  Contracts with Coverage Periods of One Year or Less
                                  The Company applies the PAA to measure the liability for remaining coverage of insurance contracts with coverage periods of
                                  one year or less.
                                  Contracts with Coverage Periods of More than One Year
                                  The Company applies the PAA to contracts with coverage periods longer than one year that are relatively stable and have low
                                  variability in fulfillment cash flows. The low variability in fulfillment cash flows indicates there is no material difference in the
                                  liability for remaining coverage measured under the PAA as compared to the GMM. Generally, this applies to products with
                                  rate guarantees between 2 and 5 years.
                                  New groups of insurance contracts are assessed to determine whether they can be measured using the PAA at initial
                                  recognition.
                                  The eligibility test for the PAA model will not be subsequently performed after initial recognition unless there are substantial
                                  changes to the terms of the groups of insurance contracts.
                                  Measurement
                                  Initial Measurement of the Liability for Remaining Coverage
                                  On initial recognition, the liability for remaining coverage is initially measured as the premiums received in the period minus
                                  any insurance acquisition cash flows not expensed, plus or minus any amount caused by the derecognition of an acquisition
                                  cash flow asset or liability which represents any acquisition costs that were paid before the contracts were recognized.


                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   133
                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               20

                                      B  120                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Insurance acquisition costs are included as fulfillment cash flows of the liability and are allocated over the contract boundary
on a straight-line basis. For contracts with expected future renewals, a portion of the acquisition costs are capitalized as an
asset and deferred until the future contract renewals are recognized.
The fulfillment cash flows of contracts with coverage periods of more than one year are discounted to reflect the impact of
financial risk on the contract. The discount rates used reflect the characteristics of the contract cash flows. For contracts where
premiums are received within one year of the coverage period, the Company has elected not to adjust the liability for the time
value of money.
Subsequent Measurement
At the end of each reporting period, the Company measures the liability for remaining coverage for contracts under the PAA as
the carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage at the beginning of the period, adjusted for the following:
•     Add the premiums received in the period;
•     Less any insurance acquisition cash flows during the period not directly expensed;
•     Add the amortization of acquisition cash flows, plus any adjustments to a financing component;
•     Less the amount recognized as insurance revenue for the coverage provided in the period; and
•     Less any investment components paid or transferred to the liability for incurred claims.
If circumstances indicate that a contract under the PAA model has become onerous, a loss is immediately recognized in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings, and a separate component of the liability for remaining coverage is created to record this
loss component. The loss is measured as the difference between the fulfillment cash flows that relate to the remaining coverage
of the group and the current carrying amount of the liability for remaining coverage using the measurement described above.
The liability for incurred claims is measured under the same approach as the GMM, which is the fulfillment cash flows related




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
to incurred claims. When claims are expected to be settled less than one year after being incurred, the Company has elected not
to discount the liability for incurred claims.
Measurement of Reinsurance Contracts Held
The General Measurement Model
The accounting policies used to measure a group of insurance contracts under the GMM apply to the measurement of a group
of reinsurance contracts held, with the following modifications:
•     The carrying amount of a group of reinsurance contracts held at each reporting date is the sum of the remaining coverage
      component and the incurred claims component. The remaining coverage component comprises:
      •    The fulfillment cash flows that relate to services that will be received under the contracts in future periods; and
      •    Any remaining CSM at that date.
The Company measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows using assumptions that are consistent with
those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance contracts, with an
adjustment for any risk of non-performance by the reinsurer. The effect of the non-performance risk of the reinsurer is assessed
at each reporting date and the effect of changes in the non-performance risk is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of
Earnings.
The risk adjustment for non-financial risk is the amount of the risk transferred by the Company to the reinsurer.
On initial recognition, the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held represents a net cost or net gain on purchasing
reinsurance. It is measured as the equal and opposite amount of the total of the fulfillment cash flows, any derecognized assets
for cash flows occurring before the recognition of the group, any cash flows arising at that date and any income recognized in
the Consolidated Statements of Earnings because of onerous underlying contracts recognized at that date. However, if any net
cost on purchasing reinsurance coverage relates to insured events that occurred before the purchase of the group, then the
Company recognizes the cost immediately in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as an expense.
The Company adjusts the carrying amount of the CSM of a group of reinsurance contracts held at the end of a reporting period
to reflect changes in the fulfillment cash flows applying the same approach as for insurance contracts issued, except when the
underlying contract is onerous and the change in the fulfillment cash flows for underlying insurance contracts is recognized in
profit or loss by adjusting the loss component. The respective changes in reinsurance contracts held is also recognized in profit
and loss (adjusting the loss recovery component).
Funds withheld under reinsurance contracts held to manage credit risk are included in the carrying amount of the reinsurance
contracts held asset.
134   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            21

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  121
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Premium Allocation Approach
                                  The Company reinsures some of its direct insurance contract liabilities. The reinsurance contracts held that are eligible for the
                                  PAA and have underlying direct contracts measured under the PAA are also classified and measured under the PAA.
                                  Onerous Underlying Insurance Contracts
                                  The Company adjusts the CSM of the group to which a reinsurance contract held belongs and as a result recognizes income
                                  when it recognizes a loss on initial recognition of onerous underlying contracts, if the reinsurance contract held is entered into
                                  before or at the same time as the onerous underlying contracts are recognized. The adjustment to the CSM is determined by
                                  multiplying:
                                  •   The amount of the loss that relates to the underlying contracts; and
                                  •   The percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that the Company expects to recover from the reinsurance contracts
                                      held.
                                  For reinsurance contracts held that are acquired by the Company in a transfer of contracts or a business combination covering
                                  onerous underlying contracts, the adjustment to the CSM is determined by multiplying:
                                  •   The amount of the loss component that relates to the underlying contracts at the date of acquisition; and
                                  •   The percentage of claims on the underlying contracts that the Company expects at the date of acquisition to recover from
                                      the reinsurance contracts held.
                                  A loss recovery component is created or adjusted for the group of reinsurance contracts held to depict the adjustment to the
                                  CSM, which determines the amounts that are subsequently presented in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings as reversals
                                  of recoveries of losses from the reinsurance contracts held and are excluded from the allocation of reinsurance premiums paid
                                  in the net expense from reinsurance contracts held.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Measurement of Investment Contracts
                                  Investment contracts are recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the contract. At
                                  recognition, the Company measures an investment contract at its fair value. Transaction costs that are incremental and directly
                                  attributable to the acquisition or issue of the investment contract are expensed as incurred.
                                  When the fair value of the investment contract differs from the transaction price on initial recognition, the Company recognizes
                                  the difference as follows:
                                  •   When the fair value is evidenced by a quoted price in an active market for an identical asset or liability (i.e., a Level 1 input)
                                      or based on a valuation technique that uses only data from observable markets, the difference is recognized as a gain or
                                      loss.
                                  •   In all other cases, the difference is deferred, and the timing of recognition of deferred day one profit or loss is determined
                                      individually. It is either amortized over the life of the instrument, deferred until the instrument’s fair value can be
                                      determined using market observable inputs or realized through settlement.
                                  Investment contracts are subsequently measured at FVTPL where the fair value is set to the higher of the market value of the
                                  assets supporting the liability balance and the result of discounting risk-adjusted cash flows using rates derived from a
                                  reference portfolio or stochastic modeling. The Company’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that market
                                  participants would consider and make maximum use of observable market data.
                                  Coverage Units
                                  Amortization of the Contractual Service Margin
                                  The CSM is a component of the group of insurance contracts that represents the unearned profit the Company will recognize as
                                  it provides services in the future. An amount of the CSM for a group of insurance contracts is recognized in the Consolidated
                                  Statements of Earnings as insurance revenue in each period to reflect the services provided under the group of insurance
                                  contracts in that period. The amount that is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the current period is
                                  determined by identifying the coverage units in the group, allocating the CSM at the end of the period to each coverage unit
                                  provided in the current period and expected to be provided in the future periods.
                                  The number of coverage units in a group is the quantity of coverage provided by the contracts in the group, which is
                                  determined by considering the quantity of the benefits provided and the expected coverage duration.
                                  For reinsurance contracts issued, the number of coverage units in a group reflects the expected pattern of underwriting of the
                                  underlying contracts because the level of service provided depends on the number of underlying contracts in-force.


                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   135

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               22

                                      B  122                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


For reinsurance contracts held, the CSM amortization is similar to the reinsurance contracts issued and reflects the expected
pattern of underwriting of the underlying contracts because the level of service provided depends on the number of underlying
contracts in-force.
Insurance Revenue
The Company’s insurance revenue depicts the provision of services arising from a group of insurance contracts at an amount
that reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those services. Insurance revenue
from a group of insurance contracts is therefore the relevant portion for the period of the total consideration for the contracts,
(i.e., the amount of premiums paid to the Company adjusted for financing effect (the time value of money) and excluding any
investment components).
Insurance Finance Income or Expenses
Insurance finance income or expenses comprise the change in the carrying amount of the group of insurance contracts arising
from:
•     The effect of the time value of money and changes in the time value of money; and
•     The effect of financial risk and changes in financial risk.
The Company has elected to recognize insurance finance income or expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Net Income or Expense from Reinsurance Contracts Held
The Company presents separately in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings the amounts expected to be recovered from
reinsurers, and an allocation of the reinsurance premiums paid. The Company treats reinsurance cash flows that are
contingent on claims on the underlying contracts as part of the claims that are expected to be reimbursed under the
reinsurance contract held, and excludes investment components and commissions from an allocation of reinsurance
premiums presented in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Amounts relating to the recovery of losses relating to




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
reinsurance of onerous direct contracts are included as amounts recoverable from the reinsurer.
Contract Modifications and Derecognition
Contract Modifications
When the terms of insurance contracts are modified, the Company assesses whether the modification is substantial enough to
lead to the derecognition of the original contract and recognition of a new modified contract as if it was entered for the first
time. If the contract modification does not lead to a re-recognition of the contract, then the effect of the modification is treated
as a change in the estimates of fulfillment cash flows which is recorded as an experience adjustment to the existing contract.
Derecognition of Contracts
The Company derecognizes a contract when it is extinguished, which is when the specified obligations in the contract expire or
are discharged or cancelled.
When an insurance contract not accounted for under the PAA is derecognized from within a group of insurance contracts:
•     The fulfillment cash flows allocated to the group are adjusted to eliminate those that relate to the rights and obligations
      derecognized;
•     The CSM of the group is adjusted for the change in the fulfillment cash flows, except where such changes are allocated to a
      loss component; and
•     The number of coverage units for the expected remaining coverage is adjusted to reflect the coverage units derecognized
      from the group.
If a contract is derecognized because it is transferred to a third party, then the CSM is also adjusted for the premium charged by
the third party, unless the group is onerous.
When an insurance contract accounted for under the PAA is derecognized, adjustments to the fulfillment cash flows to remove
related rights and obligations and account for the effect of the derecognition result in the following amounts being charged
immediately to the Consolidated Statements of Earnings:
•     If the contract is extinguished, any net difference between the derecognized part of the liability for remaining coverage of
      the original contract and any other cash flows arising from extinguishment; and
•     If the contract is transferred to the third party, any difference between the derecognized part of the liability for remaining
      coverage of the original contract and the premium charged by the third party.



136   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            23

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  123
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (p) Deferred Income Reserves
                                  Included in other liabilities are deferred income reserves relating to investment contracts. These are amortized on a straight-
                                  line basis to recognize the initial policy fees over the policy term, not to exceed 20 years.
                                  (q) Income Taxes
                                  The income tax expense for the period represents the sum of current income tax and deferred income tax. Income tax is
                                  recognized as an expense or income in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to items that are recognized outside
                                  profit or loss (whether in other comprehensive income or directly in equity), in which case the income tax is also recognized
                                  outside profit or loss.
                                  Current Income Tax
                                  Current income tax is based on taxable income for the year. Current income tax liabilities (assets) for the current and prior
                                  periods are measured at the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) the taxation authorities using the tax rates that
                                  have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet date in each respective jurisdiction. Current income tax assets
                                  and current income tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to offset the recognized amounts and the entity
                                  intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
                                  A provision for tax treatment uncertainties which meet the probable threshold for recognition is measured using either the
                                  most likely amount or the expected value, depending upon which method provides the better prediction of the resolution of the
                                  uncertainty. The provision for tax uncertainties will be classified as current or deferred based on how a disallowance of the
                                  underlying uncertain tax treatment would impact the tax provision accrual as of the balance sheet date.
                                  Deferred Income Tax
                                  Deferred income tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable on differences arising between the carrying amounts of
                                  assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  taxable income and is accounted for using the balance sheet liability method. Deferred income tax liabilities are generally
                                  recognized for all taxable temporary differences and deferred income tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable
                                  that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses and carryforwards can
                                  be utilized.
                                  Recognition is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax planning opportunities
                                  available to allow the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods may adversely
                                  impact the assessment of the recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in establishing the
                                  deferred income tax assets. The Company's annual financial planning process provides a significant basis for the measurement
                                  of deferred income tax assets.
                                  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates expected to apply in the year when the asset is realized
                                  or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance sheet
                                  date. Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to net current
                                  income tax assets against current income tax liabilities and the deferred income taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the
                                  same taxation authority.
                                  The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
                                  longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilized.
                                  Unrecognized deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognized to the extent that it has
                                  become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred income tax asset to be recovered.
                                  Deferred income tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries and
                                  associates, except where the group controls the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the
                                  temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                                  (r)    Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits
                                  The Company’s subsidiaries maintain contributory and non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees
                                  and advisors. The Company’s subsidiaries also provide post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible
                                  employees, advisors and their dependents.
                                  The present value of the defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost is determined using the projected unit
                                  credit method (note 26). Pension plan assets are recorded at fair value.




                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   137

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                24

                                        B  124                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


For the defined benefit plans of the Company’s subsidiaries, service costs and net interest costs are recognized in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings. Service costs include current service cost, administration expenses, past service costs
and the impact of curtailments and settlements. To determine the net interest costs (income) recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings, the Company's subsidiaries apply a discount rate to the net benefit liability (asset), where the discount
rate is determined by reference to market yields at the beginning of the year on high quality corporate bonds.
For the defined benefit plans of the Company’s subsidiaries, re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability (asset) due to
asset returns less (greater) than interest income, actuarial losses (gains) and increases (decreases) in the asset ceiling are
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income as losses (gains).
The Company’s subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and advisors. For the
defined contribution plans of the Company’s subsidiaries, the current service costs are recognized in the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.
(s)    Equity
Financial instruments issued by the Company are classified as share capital if they represent a residual interest in the assets of
the Company. Preferred share capital is classified as equity if it is non-redeemable, or retractable only at the Company’s option
and any dividends are discretionary.
Limited recourse capital notes are classified as share capital as the Company has the sole discretion to settle the obligation to
noteholders through the issuance of a fixed number of the Company’s own equity instruments. Interest incurred on these
instruments is recognized as a deduction from equity when incurred.
Incremental costs that are directly attributable to the issue of share capital are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of
income tax.
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) represents the total of the unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses) on




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
translation of foreign operations, the unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the net investment in foreign operations, the
unrealized gains (losses) on FVOCI assets, the unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, the re-measurements on defined
benefit pension and other post-employment benefit plans net of tax and the revaluation surplus on transfer to investment
properties, where applicable.
The Company presents the following as non-controlling interests:
•     the portion of equity that is attributable to minority shareholders in its subsidiaries, and
•     the equity attributable to the participating account of its subsidiaries.
(t)    Share-Based Payments
The Company provides share-based compensation to certain employees and Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries.
The Company follows the fair value based method of accounting for the valuation of compensation expense for shares and
share options granted to employees under its stock option plans (note 25). This share-based payment expense is recognized in
operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and as an increase to contributed surplus
over the vesting period of the granted options. When options are exercised, the proceeds received, along with the amount in
contributed surplus, are transferred to share capital.
Information on the Company's Deferred Share Unit (DSU), Performance Share Unit (PSU), and Employee Share Ownership
Plans (ESOP) is included in note 25.
The Company's stock option plan is accounted for as equity-settled and all other share-based payments are accounted for as
cash-settled.
(u) Earnings Per Common Share
Earnings per common share is calculated using net earnings after preferred share dividends and the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting common shareholders' net earnings and
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares assuming
that all convertible instruments are converted and outstanding options whose exercise price is less than the average market
price of common shares during the period are exercised.
(v) Leases
Where the Company is the lessee, a right-of-use asset and a lease liability are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
at the lease commencement date.


138   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            25

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  125
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Right-of-use assets are initially measured based on the initial amount of lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at
                                  or before the commencement date, initial direct costs incurred and any lease incentive received. Right-of-use assets are
                                  included within other assets with the exception of right-of-use assets which meet the definition of investment property which
                                  are presented within investment properties and subject to the Company's associated accounting policy. Right-of-use assets
                                  presented within other assets are depreciated to the earlier of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the lease term using the
                                  straight-line method. Depreciation expense on right-of-use assets is included within operating and administrative expenses.
                                  The lease liability is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method and is included within other liabilities.
                                  Interest expense on lease liabilities is included within operating and administrative expenses.
                                  The Company has elected to apply a practical expedient not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term
                                  leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets.
                                  Where the Company is the lessor under an operating lease for its investment property, the assets subject to the lease
                                  arrangement are presented within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Income from these leases is recognized in the
                                  Consolidated Statements of Earnings on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
                                  Investments in a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee are classified as a finance
                                  lease. The Company is the lessor under a finance lease and the investment is recognized as a receivable at an amount equal to
                                  the net investment in the lease, which is represented as the present value of the minimum lease payments due from the lessee
                                  and is presented within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Payments received from the lessee are apportioned between the
                                  recognition of finance lease income and the reduction of the finance lease receivable. Income from the finance leases is
                                  recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings at a constant periodic rate of return on the Company’s net investment
                                  in the finance lease.
                                  (w) Operating Segments
                                  Operating segments have been identified based on internal reports that are regularly reviewed by the Company’s Chief




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Executive Officer to allocate resources and assess performance of segments and for which discrete financial information is
                                  available. The Company’s operating segments include United States, Canada, Europe, Capital and Risk Solutions, and
                                  Corporate. The United States segment consists primarily of Empower's main businesses: Empower Workplace and Empower
                                  Wealth. The Canada segment comprises the Retirement, Wealth, Group Benefits and Insurance & Annuities lines of business.
                                  The Europe segment comprises businesses in United Kingdom, Ireland, and Germany. Reinsurance is reported in the Capital
                                  and Risk Solutions segment. The Corporate segment represents activities and transactions that are not directly attributable to
                                  the measurement of the other operating segments of the Company.




                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   139

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               26

                                      B  126                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(x) Future Accounting Policies
The Company actively monitors changes in IFRS Accounting Standards, both proposed and released, by the IASB for potential
impact on the Company. The following sets out standards released and updates to the Company's analysis since the year ended
December 31, 2024:

 New Standard                                               Summary of Future Changes
 IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in                   In April 2024, the IASB published IFRS 18, Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
 Financial Statements                                       (IFRS 18). The standard aims to improve how companies communicate information in their
                                                            financial statements, with a focus on information about financial performance in the statement of
                                                            earnings.
                                                            IFRS 18 will require companies to:

                                                            •      Provide defined subtotals in the statement of earnings;
                                                            •      Disclose information for any management-defined performance measures related to the
                                                                   statement of earnings; and
                                                            •      Implement principles for the grouping of information in the financial statements, and
                                                                   whether to provide it in the primary financial statements or notes.

                                                            The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with
                                                            earlier application permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of the adoption of this
                                                            standard.
 IFRS 9 – Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 –                In May 2024, the IASB published amendments to IFRS 9, Financial Instruments and IFRS 7,
 Financial Instruments: Disclosures                         Financial Instruments: Disclosures. The amendments clarify the classification of financial assets
                                                            with environmental, social and corporate governance and similar features, the settlement of
                                                            liabilities through electronic payment systems, and introduce additional disclosure requirements to
                                                            enhance transparency for investors.

                                                            These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1,
                                                            2026, with earlier application permitted. The Company does not anticipate an impact on its
                                                            consolidated financial statements as a result of these amendments, except indicated below:




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                            •      The Company will apply the election permitted by the amendments to deem a financial
                                                                   liability (or part of a financial liability) that is settled using an electronic payment system to be
                                                                   derecognized before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The Company will apply
                                                                   this election to all settlements made through electronic payment systems meeting the criteria,
                                                                   effective January 1, 2026.
                                                            •      For cash settlement of financial liabilities not qualified for the election, at each period-end,
                                                                   the Company will derecognize the associated liabilities on settlement date. The Company
                                                                   expects the adoption of these amendments will not have a material impact on the
                                                                   Company's financial statements.
                                                            These amendments will be applied retrospectively with no restatement to comparative balances.


3.     Business Acquisitions and Other Transactions

Sale of U.K. Onshore Bond Business
On December 23, 2024, Canada Life U.K. announced the signing of an agreement to transfer its onshore bond business to
Countrywide Assured plc (Countrywide), a subsidiary of Chesnara plc. Concurrently, the two parties entered into a reinsurance
agreement such that the risks and rewards of the underlying business are transferred to Countrywide. For the year ended
December 31, 2024, the transaction resulted in a net gain of $21 pre-tax, mainly driven by recognition of assets associated with
the reinsurance agreement. The underlying assets and the related liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders, with
a carrying value of $2,787 as at December 31, 2025 ($2,750 as at December 31, 2024), are to be transferred to Countrywide
pending court approval, which is expected to occur in 2026.




140   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            27

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                 B  127
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  4.          Restructuring Expenses
                                  The Company undertakes a variety of initiatives related to operational restructuring, acquisition-related integration and
                                  technology and process modernization. Only the initiatives that qualify as formal restructuring programs in accordance with
                                  IAS 37, Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, result in a provision. These provisions are described further
                                  below. Other restructuring and business transformation costs that do not qualify are expensed as incurred and are not included
                                  in the amounts described below.
                                  The Company recorded restructuring provisions of $361 for the year ended December 31, 2025. The provisions recorded in the
                                  year ended December 31, 2025 are related to planned technology and efficiency initiatives intended to position the Company
                                  for future growth and expense savings, primarily driven by initiatives in Canada of $226 ($186 in the shareholder account and
                                  $40 in the participating account) and Europe of $107. The Company expects to complete these restructuring initiatives by the
                                  end of 2027. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded restructuring provisions of $78.
                                  As at December 31, 2025, the Company has restructuring provisions of $365 remaining in other liabilities ($121 at December 31,
                                  2024).

                                  5.          Cash and Cash Equivalents

                                                                                                                                                                       2025                     2024
                                      Cash                                                                                                                  $                  4,008 $                  4,772
                                      Short-term deposits                                                                                                                      4,894                    5,937
                                      Total                                                                                                                 $                  8,902 $                 10,709

                                  At December 31, 2025 cash and short-term deposits of $708 were restricted for use by the Company ($1,145 at December 31,




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  2024) in respect of cash held in trust for reinsurance agreements or with regulatory authorities, cash held under certain
                                  indemnity arrangements, client monies held by brokers and cash held in escrow.

                                  6.          Portfolio Investments

                                  (a) Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values of Portfolio Investments
                                                                                                                             2025                                                  2024
                                                                                                            Carrying value             Fair value                Carrying value               Fair value
                                      Bonds
                                        FVTPL - designated                                              $           159,320 $                  159,320 $                     151,369 $               151,369
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                              2,108                      2,108                        1,987                    1,987
                                        FVOCI                                                                         13,040                     13,040                       13,758                   13,758
                                                                                                                    174,468                    174,468                       167,114                 167,114
                                      Mortgage loans
                                        FVTPL - designated                                                            26,139                     26,139                       28,790                   28,790
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                              5,664                      5,664                        4,818                    4,818
                                        FVOCI                                                                            269                         269                         461                        461
                                        Amortized cost                                                                 4,801                      4,350                        4,810                    4,193
                                                                                                                      36,873                     36,422                       38,879                   38,262
                                      Stocks
                                        FVTPL - mandatory                                                             19,370                     19,370                       16,896                   16,896
                                        FVOCI - designated 1                                                           1,033                      1,033                          923                        923
                                        Equity method                                                                  1,112                      1,255                        1,007                    1,021
                                                                                                                      21,515                     21,658                       18,826                   18,840
                                      Investment properties                                                            8,293                      8,293                        8,257                    8,257
                                      Total                                                             $           241,149 $                  240,841 $                     233,076 $               232,473

                                  1    Represents Franklin Templeton common shares received on the sale of Putnam Investments.




                                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   141

                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                28

                                         B  128                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(b) Carrying Value of Bonds and Mortgages by Term to Maturity
                                                                          2025                                                              2024
                                                         Term to maturity                                                    Term to maturity
                                             1 year or     Over 1 year            Over 5                         1 year or       Over 1 year        Over 5
                                                less        to 5 years            years            Total            less         to 5 years         years               Total
    Bonds                                $      27,432 $           54,244 $             92,792 $   174,468 $         24,890 $         49,463 $            92,761 $      167,114
    Mortgage loans 1                              5,514            17,292               14,067      36,873            4,507           19,686              14,686           38,879
    Total                                $      32,946 $           71,536 $            106,859 $   211,341 $         29,397 $         69,149 $        107,447 $         205,993

1    Mortgage loans include equity release mortgages which do not have a fixed redemption date. The maturity profile of the portfolio has been estimated based on previous
     redemption experience.

(c)         Equity Method Investments
A significant amount of the Company's equity method investments relate to the Company’s investment, held through Canada
Life, in an affiliated company, IGM Financial Inc. (IGM), a member of the Power Corporation group of companies, over which
it exerts significant influence but does not control. The Company's proportionate share of IGM's earnings is recorded in net
investment income in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The Company owned 9,200,407 shares of IGM at December 31,
2025 and December 31, 2024, representing a 3.90% ownership interest (3.89% at December 31, 2024). The Company uses the
equity method to account for its investment in IGM as it exercises significant influence. Significant influence arises from several
factors, including, but not limited to, the following: common control of the Company and IGM by Power Corporation, shared
representation on the Boards of Directors of the Company and IGM, interchange of managerial personnel, certain shared
strategic alliances, significant intercompany transactions and service agreements that influence the financial and operating
policies of both companies.
The Company and IGM both have a year-end date of December 31. The Company's year-end results are approved and reported




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
before IGM publicly reports its financial results; therefore, the Company reports IGM's financial information by estimating the
amount of earnings attributable to the Company, based on prior quarter information as well as other market expectations, to
complete equity method accounting. The difference between actual and estimated results is reflected in the subsequent
quarter and is not material to the Company's consolidated financial statements.
At December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, IGM owned 22,136,471 common shares of the Company. IGM's financial
information as at December 31, 2025 can be obtained in its publicly available information.
The Company and its subsidiaries also hold equity investments in certain related parties which the Company accounts for
using equity method accounting (note 28).

                                                                                                                                        2025
                                                                                                                                  Other Related
                                                                                                               IGM                   Parties                       Total
    Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                 $                  407 $                     600 $                    1,007
    Additions                                                                                                             —                         56                         56
    Equity method share of net earnings                                                                                   37                        18                         55
    Dividends received                                                                                                   (20)                       (5)                       (25)
    Other                                                                                                                 —                         19                         19
    Carrying value, end of year                                                                       $                  424 $                     688 $                    1,112

    Fair value, end of year                                                                           $                  567 $                     688 $                    1,255


                                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                                   Other Related
                                                                                                               IGM                    Parties                      Total
    Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                 $                  387 $                     456 $                        843
    Additions                                                                                                              —                       121                          121
    Equity method share of net earnings                                                                                    41                       26                           67
    Dividends received                                                                                                    (21)                     (12)                         (33)
    Other                                                                                                                  —                          9                           9
    Carrying value, end of year                                                                       $                  407 $                     600 $                    1,007

    Fair value, end of year                                                                           $                  421 $                     600 $                    1,021



142      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               29

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B  129
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (d) Net Investment Income
                                                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                              Mortgage                         Investment
                                                                                               Bonds           loans            Stocks          properties          Other             Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                               $      7,446 $         1,528 $               710 $              563 $              4 $       10,251
                                    Net realized gains on derecognition of FVOCI assets                  8             —                  —                  —              —                    8
                                    Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                    —              12                  —                  —              —                  12
                                    Net ECL recovery                                                     1               8                —                  —              —                    9
                                    Other income and expenses                                          —               —                  —               (229)           (198)               (427)
                                                                                                 7,455            1,548                 710                334            (194)           9,853
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                           1,909               599                  —                  —            (974)           1,534
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                  26             76             2,430                   —              —             2,532
                                    Recorded at fair value                                             —               —                  —               (159)             —                 (159)
                                                                                                 1,935               675             2,430                (159)           (974)           3,907
                                  Total                                                    $     9,390 $          2,223 $            3,140 $               175 $       (1,168) $        13,760

                                                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                                              Mortgage                          Investment
                                                                                               Bonds           loans            Stocks           properties         Other             Total
                                  Net investment income:
                                    Investment income earned                               $      6,960 $         1,509 $               626 $              507 $           531 $        10,133




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Net realized losses on derecognition of FVOCI assets               (47)            —                  —                  —              —                  (47)
                                    Gains on derecognition of amortized cost assets                    —                 2                —                  —              —                    2
                                    Net ECL recovery                                                   —                 7                —                  —              —                    7
                                    Other income and expenses                                          —               —                  —               (208)           (204)               (412)
                                                                                                 6,913            1,518                 626                299             327            9,683
                                  Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets:
                                    FVTPL - designated                                           (1,237)             641                  —                  —             802                206
                                    FVTPL - mandatory                                                  (24)           (39)           1,686                   —              —             1,623
                                    Recorded at fair value                                             —               —                  —               (153)             —                 (153)
                                                                                                 (1,261)             602             1,686                (153)            802            1,676
                                  Total                                                    $     5,652 $          2,120 $            2,312 $               146 $        1,129 $         11,359

                                  Investment income from bonds and mortgages includes interest income, and premium and discount amortization. Investment
                                  income from stocks includes dividends and distributions from private equity funds. Investment properties income includes
                                  rental income earned on investment properties, ground rent income earned on leased and sub-leased land, fee recoveries,
                                  lease cancellation income, and interest and other investment income earned on investment properties. Other investment
                                  income and expenses includes expenses incurred by investment properties, foreign exchange gains and losses, income earned
                                  from the investments in IGM and other related parties.




                                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     143

                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  30

                                      B  130                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(e) Net Investment Result
                                                                                                                          2025                      2024
 Investment return
      Net investment income                                                                                      $                9,853 $                    9,683
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets                                                                                       3,907                      1,676
 Total investment return                                                                                                         13,760                     11,359
 Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts
      Changes in fair value of underlying items of direct participating contracts                                                 (4,700)                   (4,793)
      Effects of risk mitigation option                                                                                              240                          84
      Interest accreted                                                                                                           (3,166)                   (3,810)
      Effect of changes in discount rate and other financial assumptions                                                          1,045                      2,807
      Effect of measuring changes in estimates at current rates and adjusting the CSM at rates on initial
         recognition                                                                                                                 226                         (206)
 Total net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                                                                     (6,355)                   (5,918)
 Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts
      Interest accreted                                                                                                                 6                        342
      Other                                                                                                                         (332)                        (352)
 Total net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                                                     (326)                         (10)
 Changes in investment contract liabilities                                                                                       (5,002)                   (2,932)
                                                                                                                 $                2,077 $                    2,499

(f)      Securities Lending




                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The Company engages in securities lending to generate additional income. The Company’s securities custodians are used as
lending agents. Collateral, which exceeds the fair value of the loaned securities, is deposited by the borrower with the
Company's lending agent and maintained by the lending agent until the underlying security has been returned. The fair value
of the loaned securities is monitored on a daily basis by the lending agent who obtains or refunds additional collateral as the
fair value of the loaned securities fluctuates. Collateral primarily consists of government bonds, investment grade corporate
bonds and cash. Included in the collateral deposited with the Company's lending agent is cash collateral of $615 at December
31, 2025 ($219 at December 31, 2024). In addition, the securities lending agent indemnifies the Company against borrower risk,
meaning that the lending agent agrees contractually to replace securities not returned due to a borrower default. As at
December 31, 2025, the Company had loaned securities (which are included in invested assets) with a fair value of $5,133
($4,212 at December 31, 2024).

7.       Risk Management
The Company has policies relating to the identification, measurement, management, monitoring and reporting of risks
associated with financial instruments and insurance contracts. The key risks related to financial instruments are credit risk,
liquidity risk and market risk (currency, interest rate and equity). The Risk Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible
for the oversight of the Company's key risks.
The following sections describe how the Company manages each of these risks.
(a) Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk of loss resulting from an obligor's potential inability or unwillingness to fully meet its contractual
obligations.
The following policies and procedures are in place to manage this risk:
•      Investment and risk policies aim to minimize undue concentration within issuers, connected companies, industries or
       individual geographies.
•      Investment and risk limits specify minimum and maximum limits for each asset class.
•      Identification of credit risk through an internal credit risk rating system which includes a detailed assessment of an
       obligor's creditworthiness. Internal credit risk ratings cannot be higher than the highest rating provided by certain
       independent ratings companies.
•      Portfolios are monitored continuously, and reviewed regularly with the Risk Committee and the Investment Committee of
       the Board of Directors.
144    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               31

                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      B  131
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  •       Credit risk associated with derivative instruments is evaluated quarterly based on conditions that existed at the balance
                                          sheet date, using practices that are at least as conservative as those recommended by regulators. The Company manages
                                          derivative credit risk by including derivative exposure to aggregate credit exposures measured against rating based obligor
                                          limits and through collateral arrangements where possible.
                                  •       Counterparties providing reinsurance to the Company are reviewed for financial soundness as part of an ongoing
                                          monitoring process. The minimum financial strength of reinsurers is outlined in the Reinsurance Risk Management Policy.
                                          The Company seeks to minimize reinsurance credit risk by setting rating based limits on net ceded exposure by
                                          counterparty as well as seeking protection in the form of collateral or funds withheld arrangements where possible.
                                  •       Investment guidelines also specify collateral requirements.
                                  (i) Maximum Exposure to Credit Risk
                                  The following summarizes the Company’s maximum exposure to credit risk related to financial instruments as well as
                                  insurance and reinsurance contracts.

                                                                                                                                                                         2025                      2024
                                      Financial instruments
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                $                   8,902 $                10,709
                                      Bonds                                                                                                                                      174,468                167,114
                                      Mortgage loans                                                                                                                              36,873                  38,879
                                      Interest due and accrued                                                                                                                     1,885                   1,778
                                      Accounts receivable                                                                                                                          4,144                   3,624
                                      Funds held under investment contracts                                                                                                        6,229                   6,895
                                      Trading account assets                                                                                                                       3,995                   3,701




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Finance leases receivable                                                                                                                    1,043                       926
                                      Other assets 1                                                                                                                               2,117                   1,979
                                      Derivative assets                                                                                                                            1,863                   2,431
                                                                                                                                                                                 241,519                238,036
                                      Insurance and reinsurance contracts
                                      Reinsurance contract held assets 2                                                                                                          16,850                  17,842
                                      Insurance contract assets                                                                                                                    1,571                   1,193
                                      Funds held by ceding insurers 3                                                                                                              3,489                   3,640
                                                                                                                                                                                  21,910                  22,675
                                      Total                                                                                                                    $                 263,429 $              260,711

                                  1    Includes items such as current income taxes receivable and miscellaneous other assets of the Company (note 11).
                                  2    Includes funds withheld on reinsurance contracts issued.
                                  3    Included in insurance contract liabilities (note 14).

                                  Credit risk is also mitigated by entering into collateral agreements. The amount and type of collateral required depends on an
                                  assessment of the credit risk of the counterparty. Guidelines are implemented regarding the acceptability of types of collateral
                                  and the valuation parameters. Collateral primarily consists of government bonds, investment grade corporate bonds and cash.
                                  Management monitors the value of the collateral, requests additional collateral when needed and performs an impairment
                                  valuation when applicable. The Company has $1,401 of collateral received from counterparties as at December 31, 2025 ($1,732
                                  at December 31, 2024) relating to derivative assets.
                                  (ii) Concentration of Credit Risk
                                  Concentrations of credit risk arise from exposures to a single obligor, a group of related obligors or groups of obligors that have
                                  similar credit risk characteristics and operate in the same geographic region or in similar industries. The characteristics are
                                  similar in that changes in economic or political environments may impact their ability to meet obligations as they come due.




                                                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report    145

                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                 32

                                          B  132                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


The following provides details of the carrying value of bonds by issuer, industry sector and operating segment:

                                                                                                               2025
                                                                                                                                  Capital and Risk
                                                        United States                 Canada                  Europe                 Solutions                     Total
Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
      Treasuries                                    $               4,788 $                    2,275 $                 7,592 $                   3,040 $                   17,695
      Government related                                            2,748                  16,787                      8,118                     1,186                     28,839
      Agency securitized                                            1,859                        —                          —                        12                     1,871
      Non-agency securitized                                      10,909                       3,973                      886                      266                     16,034
      Financials                                                  12,578                       5,605                   5,887                       954                     25,024
      Communications                                                1,927                      1,370                      949                      227                      4,473
      Consumer products                                           10,696                       4,955                   2,039                     1,274                     18,964
      Energy                                                        4,085                      3,049                      800                      361                      8,295
      Industrials                                                   8,440                      2,985                   1,157                       471                     13,053
      Technology                                                    3,827                      1,345                      419                      375                      5,966
      Transportation                                                1,919                      4,816                   1,153                       284                      8,172
      Utilities                                                     6,980                  12,923                      4,840                     1,339                     26,082
Total                                               $             70,756 $                 60,083 $                   33,840 $                   9,789 $                 174,468

                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                                                   Capital and Risk
                                                        United States                 Canada                  Europe                  Solutions                    Total
Bonds issued or guaranteed by:




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Treasuries                                    $               1,361 $                    3,304 $                 7,274 $                   4,220 $                   16,159
      Government related                                            2,605                  17,286                      7,444                       694                     28,029
      Agency securitized                                            1,055                       186                         —                        13                     1,254
      Non-agency securitized                                      12,395                       3,453                      800                      163                     16,811
      Financials                                                  12,556                       4,726                   5,651                     1,124                     24,057
      Communications                                                1,741                      1,194                      856                      211                      4,002
      Consumer products                                           10,172                       5,086                   2,084                     1,061                     18,403
      Energy                                                        3,363                      2,809                      502                      370                      7,044
      Industrials                                                   7,927                      2,878                   1,178                       469                     12,452
      Technology                                                    3,568                      1,329                      409                      322                      5,628
      Transportation                                                2,021                      4,426                      853                      198                      7,498
      Utilities                                                     7,468                  12,559                      4,660                     1,090                     25,777
Total                                               $             66,232 $                 59,236 $                   31,711 $                   9,935 $                 167,114

The following provides details of the carrying value of mortgage loans by operating segment:

                                                                                                               2025
                                                                                                                                  Capital and Risk
                                                        United States                 Canada                  Europe                 Solutions                     Total

Single family residential                           $                   — $                     765 $                       — $                      — $                     765
Multi-family residential                                            3,383                      4,985                      932                        33                     9,333
Equity release                                                          —                      2,058                   2,888                       718                      5,664
Commercial                                                          7,837                      9,084                   4,103                         87                    21,111
Total                                               $             11,220 $                 16,892 $                    7,923 $                     838 $                   36,873




146     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            33

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B  133
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                                                                     Capital and Risk
                                                                           United States           Canada                     Europe                    Solutions                   Total
                                  Single family residential            $                   — $              1,225 $                          — $                       — $                   1,225
                                  Multi-family residential                           4,065                  4,523                          946                        34                     9,568
                                  Equity release                                           —                1,949                       2,279                        590                     4,818
                                  Commercial                                         9,754                  9,228                       4,133                        153                    23,268
                                  Total                                $            13,819 $            16,925 $                        7,358 $                      777 $                  38,879

                                  (iii) Expected Credit Losses
                                  The following table reconciles the allowance for credit losses under the ECL model by asset classification and stage:

                                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                             Performing                                  Impaired
                                                                                                   Stage 1                    Stage 2                     Stage 3                   Total
                                  Bonds at FVOCI
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                   $                4 $                          — $                       — $                        4
                                  Provision for credit losses
                                    Originations                                                               —                             —                         —                         —
                                    Maturities                                                                 (1)                           —                         —                         (1)
                                    Net re-measurement of loss allowance                                       —                             —                         —                         —
                                  Balance, end of year                                         $                3 $                          — $                       — $                        3
                                  Mortgages at amortized cost




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                   $                1 $                          20 $                       7 $                      28
                                  Provision for credit losses
                                    Transfers to stage 2                                                        1                             (1)                      —                         —
                                    Maturities                                                                 —                             —                          (2)                      (2)
                                    Net re-measurement of loss allowance                                       (1)                            (3)                       (1)                      (5)
                                    Exchange rate and other                                                    —                             —                          1                         1
                                  Balance, end of year                                         $                1 $                          16 $                       5 $                      22
                                  Mortgages at FVOCI
                                  Balance, beginning of year                                   $               — $                            1 $                      — $                        1
                                  Provision for credit losses
                                    Net re-measurement of loss allowance                                       —                              (1)                      —                         (1)
                                  Balance, end of year                                         $               — $                           — $                       — $                       —
                                  Total allowance for credit losses, end of year               $                4 $                          16 $                       5 $                      25




                                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   147
                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                34

                                      B  134                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                 Performing                              Impaired
                                                                                      Stage 1                   Stage 2                   Stage 3                    Total
Bonds at FVOCI
Balance, beginning of year                                                    $                     3 $                       — $                      — $                         3
Provision for credit losses
      Originations                                                                                  1                         —                        —                           1
      Maturities                                                                                   (1)                        —                        —                           (1)
      Net re-measurement of loss allowance                                                          1                         —                        —                           1
Balance, end of year                                                          $                     4 $                       — $                      — $                         4
Mortgages at amortized cost
Balance, beginning of year                                                    $                     1 $                       29 $                       4 $                      34
Provision for credit losses
      Transfers to stage 1                                                                          3                         (3)                      —                           —
      Net re-measurement of loss allowance                                                         (3)                        (7)                        3                         (7)
      Exchange rate and other                                                                      —                           1                       —                           1
Balance, end of year                                                          $                     1 $                       20 $                       7 $                      28
Mortgages at FVOCI
Balance, beginning of year                                                    $                    — $                        — $                      — $                         —
Provision for credit losses
      Net re-measurement of loss allowance                                                         —                           1                       —                           1
Balance, end of year                                                          $                    — $                         1 $                     — $                         1




                                                                                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total allowance for credit losses, end of year                                $                     5 $                       21 $                       7 $                      33

(iv) Credit Risk Exposure by Internal Risk Rating
The following table presents the fair value of bonds and mortgages at FVOCI and carrying amounts of mortgages at amortized
cost. Risk ratings are based on internal ratings used in the measurement of ECLs as at the reporting date.

                                                                                                                               2025
                                                                                                Performing                               Impaired
                                                                                      Stage 1                   Stage 2                   Stage 3                    Total
Bonds at FVOCI
      Investment grade                                                        $             12,959 $                          — $                      — $                   12,959
      Non-investment grade                                                                        71                          10                       —                          81
      Impaired                                                                                     —                          —                        —                           —
Total                                                                         $             13,030 $                          10 $                     — $                   13,040


Mortgage loans at FVOCI
      Investment grade                                                        $                  263 $                        — $                      — $                        263
      Non-investment grade                                                                         —                           6                       —                            6
      Impaired                                                                                     —                          —                        —                           —
Total                                                                         $                  263 $                         6 $                     — $                        269


Mortgages at amortized cost
      Investment grade                                                        $                 4,601 $                       — $                      — $                    4,601
      Non-investment grade                                                                         —                        212                        —                          212
      Impaired                                                                                     —                          —                        10                         10
                                                                                                4,601                       212                        10                     4,823
      Allowance for credit losses                                                                  (1)                       (16)                       (5)                       (22)
Total                                                                         $                 4,600 $                     196 $                        5 $                  4,801




148     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              35

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                      B  135
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                          Performing                                 Impaired
                                                                                               Stage 1                   Stage 2                     Stage 3                     Total
                                  Bonds at FVOCI
                                      Investment grade                                   $           13,669 $                          — $                         — $                   13,669
                                      Non-investment grade                                                 75                          14                          —                          89
                                      Impaired                                                              —                          —                           —                          —
                                  Total                                                  $           13,744 $                          14 $                        — $                   13,758


                                  Mortgage loans at FVOCI
                                      Investment grade                                   $                446 $                        — $                         — $                       446
                                      Non-investment grade                                                  —                          15                          —                          15
                                      Impaired                                                              —                          —                           —                          —
                                  Total                                                  $                446 $                        15 $                        — $                       461



                                  Mortgages at amortized cost
                                      Investment grade                                   $               4,562 $                       — $                         — $                    4,562
                                      Non-investment grade                                                  —                        266                           —                         266
                                      Impaired                                                              —                          —                           10                         10
                                                                                                         4,562                       266                           10                     4,838
                                      Allowance for credit losses                                           (1)                       (20)                         (7)                       (28)
                                  Total                                                  $               4,561 $                     246 $                          3 $                   4,810




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  (v) Credit Impact on Financial Assets and Liabilities Designated as FVTPL
                                  The carrying value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities designated as FVTPL represents the maximum exposure to
                                  credit risk for those financial instruments. The change in fair value attributable to the change in credit risk of these financial
                                  instruments is generally insignificant in the absence of significant credit events occurring on specific financial instruments. Fair
                                  value losses of $153 in the year ended 2025 ($67 in 2024) is reflected in changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                  related to significant credit events occurring on financial instruments designated as FVTPL.
                                  (vi) Asset Quality
                                  Bond Portfolio by Credit Rating

                                                                                                                                                       2025                      2024
                                  Based on internal ratings:
                                  AAA                                                                                                        $                 26,599 $                  24,462
                                  AA                                                                                                                           32,162                    32,310
                                  A                                                                                                                            63,342                    60,041
                                  BBB                                                                                                                          49,476                    47,936
                                  BB and lower                                                                                                                  2,889                     2,365
                                  Total                                                                                                      $                174,468 $               167,114

                                  Derivative Portfolio by Credit Rating

                                                                                                                                                       2025                      2024
                                  Over-the-counter contracts (counterparty ratings):
                                  AA                                                                                                         $                  1,216 $                   1,687
                                  A                                                                                                                              645                         743
                                  Exchange-traded                                                                                                                   2                         1
                                  Total                                                                                                      $                  1,863 $                   2,431




                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report    149
                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                36

                                        B  136                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Reinsurance Contract Held Assets by Credit Rating

                                                                                                                                       2025                      2024
Based on Rating Agency ratings:
AA- to AA+                                                                                                                    $               15,343 $                   16,409
A- to A+                                                                                                                                        1,474                     1,424
BBB+ and lower                                                                                                                                     —                           8
Not rated                                                                                                                                          33                          1
Total reinsurance contract held assets                                                                                        $               16,850 $                   17,842
Total reinsurance contract held assets less collateral                                                                        $                 4,143 $                   4,177

Total reinsurance contract held assets are net of funds held under reinsurance contracts.
As at December 31, 2025, $11,710 of the $16,850 of reinsurance contract held assets are ceded to Protective Life Insurance
Company ($12,633 of $17,842 at December 31, 2024). This concentration risk is mitigated by funds held in trust and other
arrangements of $12,882 as at December 31, 2025 ($13,774 at December 31, 2024).
(vii) Funds Held Under Investment Contracts and Funds Held by Ceding Insurers
At December 31, 2025, the Company had amounts on deposit of $6,229 ($6,895 at December 31, 2024) for funds held under
investment contracts. This amount has been included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31,
2025 the Company had amounts on deposit of $3,489 ($3,640 at December 31, 2024) for funds held by ceding insurers. This
amount has been included in insurance contract liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Included in these amounts are
assets of $153 at December 31, 2025 ($98 at December 31, 2024) where the Company does not retain the credit risk. Income and
expenses arising from the underlying assets are included in net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The details of the funds on deposit for certain agreements where the Company has credit risk are as follows:
(i)     Carrying Values and Estimated Fair Values

                                                                                                2025                                                2024
                                                                                    Carrying                  Fair                   Carrying                     Fair
                                                                                     value                   value                    value                      value
Cash and cash equivalents                                                   $                  117 $                    117 $                     206 $                       206
Bonds                                                                                      8,980                      8,980                     9,689                     9,689
Mortgages                                                                                      344                      344                       384                         384
Other assets                                                                                   124                      124                       158                         158
Total                                                                       $              9,565 $                    9,565 $                 10,437 $                   10,437
Supporting:
Insurance contract liabilities                                              $              3,336 $                    3,336 $                   3,542 $                   3,542
Investment contract liabilities                                                            6,229                      6,229                     6,895                     6,895
Total                                                                       $              9,565 $                    9,565 $                 10,437 $                   10,437




150   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              37

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B  137
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (ii) Carrying Value of Bonds Included in the Funds on Deposit by Issuer and Industry Sector

                                                                                                                                                  2025                      2024
                                  Bonds issued or guaranteed by:
                                      Treasuries                                                                                        $                   188 $                       265
                                      Government related                                                                                                    973                     1,080
                                      Agency securitized                                                                                                      81                        94
                                      Non-agency securitized                                                                                                978                     1,063
                                      Financials                                                                                                          1,566                     1,670
                                      Communications                                                                                                        266                         291
                                      Consumer products                                                                                                   1,474                     1,525
                                      Energy                                                                                                                439                         504
                                      Industrials                                                                                                           836                         927
                                      Technology                                                                                                            321                         349
                                      Transportation                                                                                                        300                       306
                                      Utilities                                                                                                           1,558                     1,615
                                  Total                                                                                                 $                 8,980 $                   9,689

                                  (iii) Carrying Value of Mortgages Included in the Funds on Deposit by Property Type

                                                                                                                                                  2025                      2024

                                  Multi-family residential                                                                              $                     80 $                      81
                                  Commercial                                                                                                                264                         303




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Total                                                                                                 $                   344 $                       384

                                  (iv) Asset Quality
                                  Bond Portfolio by Credit Rating

                                                                                                                                                  2025                      2024
                                  AAA                                                                                                   $                   574 $                       794
                                  AA                                                                                                                      2,213                     2,332
                                  A                                                                                                                       3,786                     4,002
                                  BBB                                                                                                                     2,344                     2,501
                                  BB and lower                                                                                                                63                        60
                                  Total                                                                                                 $                 8,980 $                   9,689

                                  (b) Liquidity Risk
                                  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will not be able to meet all cash outflow obligations as they come due. The
                                  Company’s liquidity risk management framework and associated limits are designed to allow the Company to meet cash and
                                  collateral commitments as they fall due, both on an expected basis and under a severe liquidity stress.
                                  •     The Company attempts to mitigate liquidity risk through product design and maintaining a high quality, diversified
                                        investment portfolio with a spread of asset maturities by year. Approximately 67% (67% in 2024) of our insurance and
                                        investment contract liabilities (measured based on carrying value and excluding liabilities held on account of segregated
                                        fund holders) are subject to discretionary withdrawal.
                                  •     Management closely monitors the solvency and capital positions of its principal subsidiaries opposite liquidity
                                        requirements at the holding company. Additional liquidity is available through established lines of credit or via capital
                                        market transactions. At December 31, 2025, the Company maintains $950 ($950 at December 31, 2024) of liquidity at the
                                        Lifeco level through committed lines of credit with Canadian chartered banks. As well, the Company maintains a U.S.
                                        $1,000 revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks, and a U.S. $50 line of credit at Empower (U.S. $1,000 and U.S.
                                        $50 at December 31, 2024, respectively). Empower also has borrowing capacity of approximately U.S. $992 under the
                                        Federal Home Loan Bank program.




                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report    151
                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  38

                                        B  138                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(i) Payments Due by Period
In the normal course of business the Company enters into contracts that give rise to commitments of future minimum
payments that impact short-term and long-term liquidity. The following summarizes the principal repayment schedule for
certain of the Company’s financial liabilities.

                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                    1 year or                                                                         Over
                                                                       less          1-2 years     2-3 years      3-4 years        4-5 years         5 years            Total
    Debentures and other debt instruments                       $           805 $          548 $        1,011 $           857 $            600 $          4,595 $           8,416
    Capital trust securities 1                                                —              —             —                —                —              150                  150
    Purchase obligations                                                    210            115             65               35               24                13               462
    Pension contributions                                                   264              —             —                —                —                 —                264
    Total                                                       $        1,279 $           663 $       1,076 $            892 $            624 $          4,758 $           9,292

1     Payments due have not been reduced to reflect that the Company held capital trust securities of $37 principal amount ($44 carrying value).

                                                                                                                     2024
                                                                    1 year or                                                                         Over
                                                                       less          1-2 years     2-3 years      3-4 years        4-5 years         5 years             Total
    Debentures and other debt instruments                       $           720 $          745 $          576 $         1,032 $            800 $          5,356 $           9,229
    Capital trust securities 1                                                —              —             —                —                —              150                  150
    Purchase obligations                                                    203            146             75               42               22                29               517
    Pension contributions                                                   221              —             —                —                —                 —                221
    Total                                                       $        1,144 $           891 $          651 $         1,074 $            822 $          5,535 $         10,117




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
1     Payments due have not been reduced to reflect that the Company held capital trust securities of $37 principal amount ($44 carrying value).

(c)         Market Risk
Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument and the value of insurance and
investment contract liabilities will fluctuate as a result of changes in market factors which include three types: currency risk,
interest rate (including related inflation) risk and equity risk.
Caution Related to Risk Sensitivities
These financial statements include estimates of sensitivities and risk exposure measures for certain risks, such as the sensitivity
due to specific changes in interest rate levels projected and market prices as at the valuation date. Actual results can differ
significantly from these estimates for a variety of reasons including, but not limited to, changes in the Company’s asset or
liability profile, changes in business mix, effective income tax rates, other market factors, differences in the actual exposure
relative to broad market indices, variation in exposures by geography, and general limitations of the Company’s internal
models.
For these reasons, the sensitivities should only be viewed as directional estimates of the underlying sensitivities for the
respective factors. Given the nature of these calculations, the Company cannot provide assurance that the actual impact on
shareholders' net earnings will be as indicated.
(i) Currency Risk
Currency risk relates to the Company operating and holding financial instruments in different currencies. For the assets
backing insurance and investment contract liabilities that are not matched by currency, changes in foreign exchange rates can
expose the Company to the risk of foreign exchange losses not offset by liability decreases.
•        A 10% weakening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies would be expected to increase non-participating
         insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets by approximately the same amount resulting in
         an immaterial immediate change to net earnings. A 10% strengthening of the Canadian dollar against foreign currencies
         would be expected to decrease non-participating insurance and investment contract liabilities and their supporting assets
         by approximately the same amount resulting in an immaterial immediate change in shareholders' net earnings.
The Company has net investments in foreign operations. The Company’s debt obligations are denominated in Canadian
dollars, euros, and U.S. dollars. In accordance with IFRS, foreign currency translation gains and losses from net investments in
foreign operations, net of related hedging activities and tax effects, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
Strengthening or weakening of the Canadian dollar spot rate compared to the U.S. dollar, British pound and euro spot rates
impacts the Company’s total equity. Correspondingly, the Company’s book value per share and capital ratios monitored by
rating agencies are also impacted.
152         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               39

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                B  139
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (ii) Interest Rate Risk
                                  Interest rate risk exists if asset and liability cash flows are not closely matched and interest rates change, causing a difference in
                                  the value of assets and the value of liabilities. The following policies and procedures are in place to mitigate the Company's
                                  exposure to interest rate risk:
                                  •   Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold.
                                  •   The Company utilizes a formal process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general
                                      fund assets and liabilities into segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment.
                                  •   For products with fixed and highly predictable benefit payments, investments are generally made in fixed income assets or
                                      investment properties whose cash flows closely match the liability product cash flows. Where assets are not available to
                                      match certain period cash flows, such as long-tail cash flows, a portion of these are invested in equities and other non-fixed
                                      income assets, while the rest are duration matched.
                                  •   Hedging instruments are employed when there is a lack of suitable permanent investments or to manage the level of loss
                                      exposure to interest rate changes.
                                  •   To the extent asset and liability cash flows are matched, protection against interest rate change is achieved and any change
                                      in the fair value of the assets will be offset by a similar change in the fair value of the liabilities.
                                  •   For products with less predictable timing of benefit payments, investments are made in fixed income assets with cash flows
                                      of a shorter duration than the anticipated timing of benefit payments, or equities and other non-fixed income assets.
                                  •   The risk associated with the mismatch in portfolio duration and cash flow, asset prepayment exposure and the pace of
                                      asset acquisition are quantified and reviewed regularly.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings from changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  financial assets supporting the liabilities. However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value
                                  of insurance and investment contract liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The Company's asset liability management strategy uses public equities and other non-fixed income assets as a component of
                                  general fund assets supporting liabilities, which leads to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings. Further, the
                                  classification of financial assets, such as mortgage assets in the United Kingdom which are carried at amortized cost and held in
                                  the general fund assets supporting liabilities, also contributes to interest rate exposure in shareholders' net earnings.
                                  The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate parallel 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest
                                  rates is illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Market Yield Curves

                                                                                                           2025                                                    2024
                                                                                           Increase 50 basis      Decrease 50 basis             Increase 50 basis       Decrease 50 basis
                                                                                            points interest        points interest                points interest        points interest
                                                                                                 rates                 rates                          rates                   rates
                                  Shareholders' net earnings                              $               25 $                         (50) $                   125 $                       (150)
                                  Shareholders' equity                                                    —                            (25)                       75                        (125)

                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.
                                  Actual impacts of interest rate changes will vary depending upon the geography where the changes occur. Net earnings are
                                  positively impacted by a parallel increase in interest rates in Canada, United States and the United Kingdom, and are positively
                                  impacted by a parallel decrease in interest rates in the eurozone. Actual impacts of interest rate changes also vary by the level of
                                  change in interest rates by term. Therefore, actual impacts from interest rate changes may differ from the estimated impact of
                                  parallel movements in all geographies, which is presented above.
                                  The potential impact on shareholders' net earnings of the Company does not take into account any future potential changes to
                                  the Company's ultimate investment rate (UIR) assumptions. As at both December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the
                                  sensitivity of shareholders' net earnings of the Company to a 10 basis point increase or decrease in the UIR in all geographies
                                  would be an increase of $10 or a decrease of $10 post-tax, respectively, when rounded to the nearest $10.




                                                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     153

                                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  40

                                      B  140                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


The impact to shareholders' net earnings and equity from an immediate 50 basis point increase or decrease in credit spreads is
illustrated in the table below, rounded to the nearest $25, with no change to the ultimate liquidity premium:
Change in Credit Spreads

                                                                                                 2025                                               2024
                                                                             Increase 50 basis       Decrease 50 basis           Increase 50 basis        Decrease 50 basis
                                                                               points credit           points credit               points credit            points credit
                                                                                  spreads                spreads                      spreads                 spreads
Shareholders' net earnings                                                  $                  150 $                   (200) $                    250 $                    (300)
Shareholders' equity                                                                           225                     (300)                      325                      (400)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.
Actual impacts of credit spread changes will vary depending on the geographies where the changes occur, and the changes in
credit spreads by term. A change in credit spreads may also lead to a change in the allowance for credit risk within the discount
rate, depending on prevailing market and credit conditions at the time; any potential earnings impacts that may arise from
such a change are not reflected in the sensitivities above.
(iii) Equity Risk
Equity risk is the uncertainty associated with the valuation of assets and liabilities arising from changes in equity markets and
other pricing risk. To mitigate this risk, the Company has investment policy guidelines in place that provide for prudent
investment in equity markets within clearly defined limits. The risks associated with segregated fund guarantees on lifetime
Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits have been mitigated through a hedging program using equity futures, currency
forwards, and interest rate derivatives.




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Some insurance and investment contract liabilities with long-tail cash flows are supported by publicly traded common stocks
and investments in other non-fixed income assets, primarily comprised of investment properties, real estate funds, private
stocks, and equity release mortgages. Shareholders' net earnings will reflect changes in the values of non-fixed income assets.
However, in most cases the value of the liabilities will not fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income assets.
The liabilities for segregated fund products with guarantees will fluctuate with changes in the value of the non-fixed income
assets. Under current market conditions, there are no material earnings impacts to the Company on segregated fund business
that it does not hedge, as changes in the cost of guarantees are offset within the contractual service margin (CSM). For
segregated fund business that the Company hedges, there is a limited earnings impact with respect to the change in liability
versus the change in hedge assets.
The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 10% or 20% increase or decrease in the
value of publicly traded common stocks on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
Change in Publicly Traded Common Stock Values

                                                             2025                                                                         2024
                               20%                  10%               10%                   20%              20%                 10%               10%                 20%
                             increase             increase          decrease              decrease         increase            increase          decrease            decrease
Shareholders' net
  earnings               $              75 $                 50 $                (50) $          (75) $            100 $                  50 $           (50) $            (100)
Shareholders'
  equity                              500                 250                   (250)           (525)              525                250               (250)              (525)

The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
movements.




154   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              41

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B  141
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The following table provides information on the expected impacts of an immediate 5% or 10% increase or decrease in the value
                                  of other non-fixed income assets on the shareholders' net earnings and equity, rounded to the nearest $25:
                                  Change in Other Non-Fixed Income Asset Values 1

                                                                                               2025                                                                           2024
                                                                    10%               5%                5%                  10%                10%                  5%                 5%                10%
                                                                  increase          increase          decrease            decrease           increase             increase           decrease          decrease
                                      Shareholders' net
                                        earnings              $           550 $              275 $              (300) $          (600) $               425 $               225 $            (225) $               (450)
                                      Shareholders'
                                        equity                            600                300                (325)            (650)                 475                 250              (250)                 (500)

                                  1    Sensitivities to other non-fixed income asset values as at December 31, 2025 reflect a refinement in methodology, not a change to the underlying exposure to other non-
                                       fixed income assets. Prior to the refinement, the +10%/+5%/-5%/-10% sensitivities were +$425/+$200/-$225/-$475 for shareholders’ net earnings, and +$475/+
                                       $225/-$250/-$525 for shareholders’ equity, respectively.
                                  The sensitivities above reflect the immediate impacts on shareholders' net earnings and shareholders’ equity from market
                                  movements.
                                  (d) Enforceable Master Netting Arrangements or Similar Agreements
                                  The Company enters into International Swaps and Derivative Association's (ISDA's) master agreements for transacting over-
                                  the-counter derivatives. The Company receives and pledges collateral according to the related ISDA's Credit Support Annexes.
                                  The ISDA's master agreements do not meet the criteria for offsetting on the Consolidated Balance Sheets because they create a
                                  right of set-off that is enforceable only in the event of default, insolvency, or bankruptcy.
                                  For exchange-traded derivatives subject to derivative clearing agreements with the exchanges and clearinghouses, there is no
                                  provision for set-off at default. Initial margin is excluded from the table within this disclosure as it would become part of a




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  pooled settlement process.
                                  The table sets out the potential effect on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets on financial instruments that have been
                                  shown in a gross position where right of set-off exists under certain circumstances that do not qualify for netting on the
                                  Consolidated Balance Sheets.

                                                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                                          Related amounts not set-off in the
                                                                                                                                             Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                                                                             Gross amount of
                                                                                                                 financial
                                                                                                               instruments
                                                                                                             presented in the              Offsetting
                                                                                                               Consolidated               counterparty             Financial collateral               Net
                                                                                                              Balance Sheets                position 1            received / pledged 2              exposure
                                      Financial instruments - assets
                                        Derivative financial instruments                                    $               1,863 $                     (1,236) $                     (459) $                     168
                                      Total financial instruments - assets                                  $               1,863 $                     (1,236) $                     (459) $                     168
                                      Financial instruments - liabilities
                                        Derivative financial instruments                                    $               2,412 $                     (1,236) $                     (669) $                     507
                                      Total financial instruments - liabilities                             $               2,412 $                     (1,236) $                     (669) $                     507

                                  1    Includes counterparty amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets where the Company has a potential offsetting position (as described above) but does not
                                       meet the criteria for offsetting on the balance sheet, excluding collateral.
                                  2    Financial collateral presented above excludes overcollateralization and, for exchange-traded derivatives, initial margin. At December 31, 2025, total financial collateral,
                                       including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1,401, and pledged on derivative liabilities was $2,501.




                                                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     155

                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  42

                                          B  142                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                                          Related amounts not set-off in the
                                                                                                             Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                                                   Gross amount of
                                                                                       financial
                                                                                     instruments
                                                                                   presented in the       Offsetting
                                                                                     Consolidated        counterparty            Financial collateral             Net
                                                                                    Balance Sheets        position 1            received / pledged 2            exposure
    Financial instruments - assets
      Derivative financial instruments                                         $               2,431 $               (1,117) $                  (1,130) $                      184
    Total financial instruments - assets                                       $               2,431 $               (1,117) $                  (1,130) $                      184
    Financial instruments - liabilities
      Derivative financial instruments                                         $               2,137 $               (1,117) $                     (628) $                     392
    Total financial instruments - liabilities                                  $               2,137 $               (1,117) $                     (628) $                     392

1     Includes counterparty amounts recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets where the Company has a potential offsetting position (as described above) but does not
      meet the criteria for offsetting on the balance sheet, excluding collateral.
2     Financial collateral presented above excludes overcollateralization and, for exchange-traded derivatives, initial margin. At December 31, 2024, total financial collateral,
      including initial margin and overcollateralization, received on derivative assets was $1,732, and pledged on derivative liabilities was $2,068.

8.        Fair Value Measurement
The Company’s assets and liabilities recorded at fair value have been categorized based upon the following fair value hierarchy:
Level 1: Fair value measurements utilize observable, quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Assets and liabilities utilizing Level 1 inputs include actively exchange-




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
traded equity securities, exchange-traded futures, and mutual and segregated funds which have available prices in an active
market with no redemption restrictions.
Level 2: Fair value measurements utilize inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and
inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, such as interest rates and yield curves that are
observable at commonly quoted intervals. Level 2 assets and liabilities include those priced using a matrix which is based on
credit quality and average life, government and agency securities, restricted stock, some private bonds and investment funds,
most investment-grade and high-yield corporate bonds, most asset-backed securities, most over-the-counter derivatives, and
mortgage loans. Investment contracts that are measured at FVTPL are mostly included in the Level 2 category. Notes issued by
consolidated Collateralized Loan Obligations (CLOs) are measured at FVTPL and included in Level 2.
Level 3: Fair value measurements utilize one or more significant inputs that are not based on observable market inputs and
include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability. The values of the majority of Level 3
securities were obtained from single broker quotes, internal pricing models, or external appraisers. Assets and liabilities
utilizing Level 3 inputs generally include certain bonds, certain asset-backed securities, some private equities, investments in
mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions, certain over-the-counter derivatives, investment
properties and equity release mortgages.




156      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              43

                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                 B  143
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The following presents the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy level:

                                                                                                                      2025                                                              2024
                                      Assets measured at fair value                         Level 1         Level 2          Level 3         Total           Level 1          Level 2          Level 3       Total
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                         $      8,902 $             — $             — $          8,902 $         10,709 $                — $          — $      10,709
                                      Financial assets at FVTPL
                                         Bonds                                                     —          161,130             298        161,428                  —        153,178              178      153,356
                                         Mortgage loans                                            —           26,139           5,664         31,803                  —          28,790           4,818       33,608
                                         Stocks                                               12,559             183            6,628         19,370            11,055                 260        5,581       16,896
                                      Total financial assets at FVTPL                         12,559          187,452          12,590        212,601            11,055         182,228           10,577      203,860
                                      Financial assets at FVOCI
                                         Bonds                                                     —           13,040              —          13,040                  —          13,758              —        13,758
                                         Mortgage loans                                            —             269               —               269                —                461           —              461
                                         Stocks                                                1,033               —               —            1,033               923                 —            —              923
                                      Total financial assets at FVOCI                          1,033           13,309              —          14,342                923          14,219              —        15,142
                                      Investment properties                                        —               —            8,293           8,293                 —                 —         8,257         8,257
                                      Derivatives 1                                                   2         1,861              —            1,863                  1          2,430              —          2,431
                                      Other assets:
                                         Trading account assets                                  244            3,751              —            3,995               252           3,449              —          3,701
                                         Other 2                                                   —             615               —               615                —                219           —              219
                                      Total assets measured at fair value               $     22,740 $ 206,988 $               20,883 $ 250,611 $               22,940 $ 202,545 $               18,834 $ 244,319




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Liabilities measured at fair value
                                      Mortgage on investment property                   $          — $            51 $             — $               51 $             — $               54 $         — $             54
                                      Derivatives 3                                                   3         2,409              —            2,412                 —           2,137              —          2,137
                                      Investment contract liabilities                              —           89,042              —          89,042                  —          90,157              —        90,157
                                      Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                   —            3,904              —            3,904                 —           3,791              —          3,791
                                      Other liabilities 2                                          —             615               —               615                —                219           —              219
                                      Total liabilities measured at fair value          $             3 $      96,021 $            — $        96,024 $                — $        96,358 $            — $      96,358

                                  1     Excludes collateral received from counterparties of $523 at December 31, 2025 ($1,199 at December 31, 2024).
                                  2     Includes collateral received under securities lending arrangements.
                                  3     Excludes collateral pledged to counterparties of $1,551 at December 31, 2025 ($1,337 at December 31, 2024).

                                  There were no transfers of the Company's assets and liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 during the years ended December
                                  31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report    157

                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                 44

                                          B  144                                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


The following presents additional information about assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and for
which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                                          FVTPL                                            Assets          Total
                                                                                           FVTPL         mortgage         FVTPL        Investment         held for        Level 3
                                                                                           bonds          loans          stocks 3       properties          sale          assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                                         $      178 $           4,818 $         5,581 $         8,257 $             — $       18,834
    Total gains (losses)
       Included in net earnings                                                                    (6)           274            361             (159)             —            470
       Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                     3             84           (103)              (42)            —             (58)
    Purchases                                                                                      50             —           1,216              650              —          1,916
    Issues                                                                                         —             739             —                 —              —            739
    Sales                                                                                          (5)            —            (427)            (439)             —           (871)
    Settlements                                                                                    —            (251)            —                 —              —           (251)
    Transferred from owner occupied properties                                                     —              —              —                 26             —              26
    Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                       78              —              —               —               —               78
    Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                 —                 —               —               —                —             —
    Balance, end of year                                                               $      298 $           5,664 $         6,628 $         8,293 $             — $       20,883
    Total gains (losses) for the year included in net investment
      result                                                                           $           (6) $         274 $          361 $           (159) $           — $             470
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year included in
      net earnings for assets held at December 31, 2025                                $           (6) $         262 $          294 $           (159) $           — $             391

                                                                                                                                     2024




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                          FVTPL                                            Assets          Total
                                                                                           FVTPL         mortgage          FVTPL       Investment         held for        Level 3
                                                                                           bonds          loans           stocks 3      properties          sale          assets
    Balance, beginning of year                                                         $      252 $           4,203 $         3,809 $         7,870 $           907 $       17,041
    Total gains (losses)
       Included in net earnings                                                                  7               200            556             (153)            —             610
       Included in other comprehensive income 1                                                 —                153            107              265             —             525
    Purchases                                                                                   29                —           1,407              618             —           2,054
    Sale of discontinued operations                                                             —                 —              —                —            (907)          (907)
    Issues                                                                                      —                481             —                —              —             481
    Sales                                                                                      (27)               —            (299)            (334)            —            (660)
    Settlements                                                                                 —               (219)            —                —              —            (219)
    Transferred to owner occupied properties                                                       —               —              —               (9)             —                 (9)
    Transfers into Level 3 2                                                                       —               —              1               —               —                  1
    Transfers out of Level 3 2                                                                (83)               —               —               —                —            (83)
    Balance, end of year                                                               $      178 $           4,818 $         5,581 $         8,257 $             — $       18,834
    Total gains (losses) for the year included in net investment result                $            7 $          200 $          556 $           (153) $           — $             610
    Change in unrealized gains (losses) for the year included in net
      earnings for assets held at December 31, 2024                                    $            7 $          191 $          556 $           (165) $           — $             589

1    Amount of other comprehensive income for FVTPL bonds, mortgage loans and investment properties represents the unrealized gains (losses) on foreign exchange.
2    Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies or the placement of redemption restrictions on investments in
     mutual and segregated funds. Transfers out of Level 3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of
     market prices with multiple pricing vendors or the lifting of redemption restrictions on investments in mutual and segregated funds.
3    Includes investments in mutual and segregated funds where there are redemption restrictions. The fair value is based on observable, quoted prices.




158      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              45

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     B  145
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The following sets out information about significant unobservable inputs used at year-end in measuring assets and liabilities
                                  categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                                                                                 Inter-relationship between
                                                                                                        Significant                                                              key unobservable inputs
                                      Type of asset           Valuation approach                        unobservable input          Input value                                  and fair value measurement
                                      Investment              Investment property valuations are Discount rate                      Range of 4.5% - 13.1%                        A decrease in the discount rate
                                      properties              generally determined using                                                                                         would result in an increase in
                                                              property valuation models based on                                                                                 fair value. An increase in the
                                                              expected capitalization rates and                                                                                  discount rate would result in a
                                                              models that discount expected                                                                                      decrease in fair value.
                                                              future net cash flows. The
                                                              determination of the fair value of     Reversionary rate              Range of 4.3% - 8.0%                         A decrease in the reversionary
                                                              investment property requires the                                                                                   rate would result in an
                                                              use of estimates such as future cash                                                                               increase in fair value. An
                                                              flows (such as future leasing                                                                                      increase in the reversionary
                                                              assumptions, rental rates, capital                                                                                 rate would result in a decrease
                                                              and operating expenditures) and                                                                                    in fair value.
                                                              discount, reversionary and overall     Vacancy rate                   Weighted average of 8.5%                     A decrease in the expected
                                                              capitalization rates applicable to the                                                                             vacancy rate would generally
                                                              asset based on current market                                                                                      result in an increase in fair
                                                              rates.                                                                                                             value. An increase in the
                                                                                                                                                                                 expected vacancy rate would
                                                                                                                                                                                 generally result in a decrease
                                                                                                                                                                                 in fair value.
                                      Mortgage loans -        The valuation approach for equity    Discount rate                    Range of 4.7% - 6.4%                         A decrease in the discount rate
                                      equity release          release mortgages is to use an                                                                                     would result in an increase in
                                      mortgages (FVTPL)       internal valuation model to                                                                                        fair value. An increase in the
                                                              determine the projected asset cash                                                                                 discount rate would result in a
                                                              flows, including the cost of the no                                                                                decrease in fair value.
                                                              negative equity guarantee for each
                                                              individual loan, to aggregate these
                                                              across all loans and to discount




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                              those cash flows back to the
                                                              valuation date. The projection is
                                                              done monthly until expected
                                                              redemption of the loan either
                                                              voluntarily or on the death/entering
                                                              into long term care of the
                                                              loanholders.

                                  Stocks categorized as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy relate to limited partnership investments. The significant unobservable
                                  input used in the valuation of these investments is the Company's invested portion of the net asset value provided by
                                  management of the limited partnerships.
                                  The following presents the Company’s assets, liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis by hierarchy
                                  level:

                                                                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                                                                                            Other assets/
                                                                                                                                                                            liabilities not
                                                                                                                                                                              held at fair
                                                                                                               Level 1             Level 2               Level 3                 value               Total
                                      Assets disclosed at fair value
                                      Financial assets at amortized cost
                                        Mortgage loans                                                    $               — $             4,350 $                     — $                   — $           4,350
                                      Total financial assets at amortized cost                                            —               4,350                       —                     —             4,350
                                      Other stocks 1                                                                     567                   —                      —                   688             1,255
                                      Total assets disclosed at fair value                                $              567 $            4,350 $                     — $                 688 $           5,605


                                      Liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value
                                      Debentures and other debt instruments                               $              273 $            7,874 $                     — $                   — $           8,147
                                      Limited recourse capital notes                                                      —               1,419                       —                     —             1,419
                                      Total liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value                $              273 $            9,293 $                     — $                   — $           9,566

                                  1    Other stocks include the Company's investment in IGM and other related parties.




                                                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   159

                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               46

                                          B  146                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                 2024
                                                                                                                                                 Other assets/
                                                                                                                                                 liabilities not
                                                                                                                                                   held at fair
                                                                                         Level 1           Level 2              Level 3               value                 Total
    Assets disclosed at fair value
    Financial assets at amortized cost
      Mortgage loans                                                             $                  — $          4,193 $                  — $                   — $             4,193
    Total financial assets at amortized cost                                                        —            4,193                    —                     —               4,193
    Other stocks 1                                                                                 421                —                   —                    600              1,021
    Total assets disclosed at fair value                                         $                 421 $         4,193 $                  — $                  600 $            5,214


    Liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value
    Debentures and other debt instruments                                        $                 144 $         8,506 $                  — $                   — $             8,650
    Limited recourse capital notes                                                                  —            1,346                    —                     —               1,346
    Total liabilities and equity disclosed at fair value                         $                 144 $         9,852 $                  — $                   — $             9,996

1     Other stocks include the Company's investment in IGM and other related parties.

9.          Goodwill and Intangible Assets

(a) Goodwill
(i)         Carrying Value and Changes in the Carrying Value of Goodwill
                                                                                                                                              2025                     2024




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Cost
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                      $                11,468 $                  11,284
    Business acquisitions                                                                                                                                17                          75
    Purchase price allocation adjustments                                                                                                                —                           36
    Disposals                                                                                                                                             (5)                         (4)
    Allocated to intangible assets                                                                                                                       —                          (299)
    Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                                  (162)                        376
    Balance, end of year                                                                                                            $                11,318 $                  11,468


    Accumulated impairment
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                      $                   (40) $                       (35)
    Disposals                                                                                                                                              5                           2
    Impairment                                                                                                                                           —                            (7)
    Balance, end of year                                                                                                            $                   (35) $                       (40)
    Net carrying amount                                                                                                             $                11,283 $                  11,428

(ii) Carrying Value of Goodwill Assigned to Cash Generating Unit Groupings
                                                                                                                                              2025                     2024
    United States                                                                                                                   $                 4,353 $                   4,575
    Canada 1                                                                                                                                          4,475                     4,460
    Europe                                                                                                                                            2,455                     2,393
    Total                                                                                                                           $                11,283 $                  11,428

1     Considering recent business transformation activities, the Company reassessed its cash generating unit groupings in the Canada segment and has grouped Individual
      Customer and Group Customer into Canada to reflect the current lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.




160        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               47

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     B  147
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (b) Intangible Assets
                                  Intangible assets of $4,912 ($4,958 as at December 31, 2024) include indefinite life and finite life intangible assets. The carrying
                                  value and changes in the carrying value of these intangible assets are as follows:
                                  (i)     Indefinite Life Intangible Assets
                                                                                               2025                                                                         2024
                                                                                                       Shareholders'                                                            Shareholders'
                                                                                                        portion of                                                               portion of
                                                                                                         acquired                                                                 acquired
                                                                                                          future                                                                   future
                                                                                  Customer             participating                                            Customer        participating
                                                                 Brands and        contract              account                            Brands and           contract         account
                                                                 trademarks         related               profit            Total           trademarks            related          profit              Total
                                  Cost
                                  Balance, beginning of year $          575 $              545 $                 354 $            1,474 $             562 $              410 $              354 $         1,326
                                  Additions                                —                   —                  —                  —                 —                 135                  —               135
                                  Changes in foreign exchange
                                    rates                                  14                  2                  —                  16                13                  —                  —                13
                                  Balance, end of year           $      589 $             547 $                  354 $            1,490 $             575 $              545 $              354 $         1,474


                                  Accumulated impairment
                                  Balance, beginning of year $          (60) $                 — $                — $               (60) $             (57) $              — $                — $              (57)
                                  Changes in foreign exchange
                                    rates                                  (1)                 —                  —                  (1)                (3)                —                  —                 (3)
                                  Balance, end of year           $      (61) $                 — $                — $               (61) $             (60) $              — $                — $              (60)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Net carrying amount            $      528 $             547 $                  354 $            1,429 $             515 $              545 $              354 $         1,414

                                  (ii) Carrying Value of Indefinite Life Intangible Assets Assigned to Cash Generating Unit Groupings
                                                                                                                                                                        2025                      2024
                                  United States                                                                                                               $                     19 $                       20
                                  Canada                                                                                                                                        1,138                     1,138
                                  Europe                                                                                                                                            272                       256
                                  Total                                                                                                                       $                 1,429 $                   1,414

                                  (iii) Finite Life Intangible Assets
                                                                                                                                            2025
                                                                       Customer contract                   Distribution               Brands and                  Technology and
                                                                            related                         channels                  trademarks                     software                     Total
                                  Amortization period range                     7 - 30 years                 30 years                      10 years                 3 - 20 years
                                  Amortization method                         Straight-line                Straight-line               Straight-line                Straight-line


                                  Cost
                                  Balance, beginning of year           $                  3,532 $                          111 $                       101 $                    2,979 $                   6,723
                                  Additions                                                    48                           —                           —                           437                       485
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                            (94)                         4                           (5)                         (10)                      (105)
                                  Disposals                                                    (10)                         —                           —                           (86)                       (96)
                                  Balance, end of year                 $                  3,476 $                          115 $                        96 $                    3,320 $                   7,007


                                  Accumulated amortization and
                                    impairment
                                  Balance, beginning of year           $                 (1,371) $                         (79) $                      (18) $                  (1,711) $                  (3,179)
                                  Changes in foreign exchange rates                            26                           (3)                          2                            5                        30
                                  Disposals                                                        2                        —                           —                            64                        66
                                  Amortization                                             (173)                            (4)                        (10)                      (254)                        (441)
                                  Balance, end of year                 $                 (1,516) $                         (86) $                      (26) $                  (1,896) $                  (3,524)
                                  Net carrying amount                  $                  1,960 $                          29 $                         70 $                    1,424 $                   3,483

                                                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     161

                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  48

                                        B  148                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                     2024
                                                   Customer contract                 Distribution                Brands and               Technology and
                                                        related                       channels                   trademarks                  software                   Total
Amortization period range                              7 - 30 years                    30 years                    10 years                3 - 10 years
Amortization method                                    Straight-line                 Straight-line               Straight-line             Straight-line


Cost
Balance, beginning of year                         $               3,132 $                           107 $                       93 $                 2,557 $                   5,889
Additions                                                              214                            —                           —                        360                       574
Changes in foreign exchange rates                                      191                            4                            8                       84                        287
Disposals                                                               (5)                           —                           —                        (22)                      (27)
Balance, end of year                               $               3,532 $                           111 $                       101 $                2,979 $                   6,723


Accumulated amortization and
  impairment
Balance, beginning of year                         $              (1,135) $                          (73) $                       (7) $               (1,459) $                 (2,674)
Changes in foreign exchange rates                                      (64)                           (2)                         (1)                      (48)                  (115)
Impairment                                                              (2)                           —                           —                         —                         (2)
Disposals                                                                5                            —                           —                        22                        27
Amortization                                                         (175)                            (4)                        (10)                   (226)                    (415)
Balance, end of year                               $              (1,371) $                          (79) $                      (18) $               (1,711) $                 (3,179)
Net carrying amount                                $               2,161 $                           32 $                        83 $                 1,268 $                   3,544




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The weighted average remaining amortization period of the customer contract related, distribution channels and brands and
trademarks are 13, 8 and 7 years respectively (14, 9 and 8 years respectively at December 31, 2024).
(c)    Recoverable Amount
For the purposes of annual impairment testing, the Company allocates intangible assets to cash generating units and goodwill
to cash generating unit groupings. Any potential impairment of indefinite life intangible assets is identified by comparing the
recoverable amount of a cash generating unit to its carrying value. Any potential impairment of goodwill is identified by
comparing the recoverable amount of a cash generating unit grouping to its carrying value.
Fair value is initially assessed with reference to valuation multiples of comparable publicly-traded financial institutions and
precedent business acquisition transactions. The calculations utilize earnings and cash flow projections based on financial
budgets approved by management. These valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or price-to-book measures for life
insurers and asset managers. This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations, including expected
growth, risk and capital market conditions, among other factors. The valuation multiples used in assessing fair value represent
Level 2 inputs.
In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company conducted its annual impairment testing of intangible assets and goodwill based on
September 30, 2025 asset balances. It was determined that the recoverable amounts of cash generating units for intangible
assets and cash generating unit groupings for goodwill were in excess of their carrying values and there was no evidence of
impairment.
Any reasonable changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining recoverable amounts of cash generating units or
cash generating unit groupings is unlikely to cause carrying values to exceed recoverable amounts.




162    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              49

                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                          B  149
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  10. Owner Occupied Properties and Fixed Assets
                                  The carrying value of owner occupied properties and the changes in the carrying value of owner occupied properties are as
                                  follows:

                                                                                                                                                                          2025                      2024
                                      Carrying value, beginning of year                                                                                         $                  1,011 $                      932
                                      Less: accumulated depreciation/impairments                                                                                                    (222)                       (201)
                                      Net carrying value, beginning of year                                                                                                         789                         731
                                      Additions                                                                                                                                     107                          52
                                      Impairment                                                                                                                                     (29)                         (3)
                                      Transferred to investment properties                                                                                                           (26)                          9
                                      Depreciation                                                                                                                                   (17)                        (18)
                                      Foreign exchange                                                                                                                                 5                         18
                                      Net carrying value, end of year                                                                                           $                   829 $                       789

                                  The net carrying value of fixed assets is $395 at December 31, 2025 ($346 at December 31, 2024).
                                  The following provides details of the net carrying value of owner occupied properties and fixed assets by operating segment:

                                                                                                                                                                          2025                      2024
                                      United States                                                                                                             $                   262 $                       269
                                      Canada                                                                                                                                        537                         572
                                      Europe                                                                                                                                        424                         293




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Capital and Risk Solutions                                                                                                                       1                           1
                                      Total                                                                                                                     $                  1,224 $                  1,135

                                  There are no restrictions on the title of the owner occupied properties and fixed assets, nor are they pledged as security for debt.

                                  11. Other Assets

                                                                                                                                                                          2025                      2024
                                      Deferred acquisition costs                                                                                                $                  1,208 $                  1,065
                                      Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                           274                         311
                                      Trading account assets 1                                                                                                                     3,995                    3,701
                                      Finance leases receivable                                                                                                                    1,043                      926
                                      Defined benefit pension plan assets (note 26)                                                                                                  589                      493
                                      Prepaid expenses                                                                                                                               136                      167
                                      Funds held under investment contracts                                                                                                        6,229                    6,895
                                      Miscellaneous other assets                                                                                                                   1,716                    1,707
                                      Total                                                                                                                     $                 15,190 $                 15,265
                                  1    Includes bonds of $3,751 and stocks of $244 at December 31, 2025 (bonds of $3,449 and stocks of $252 at December 31, 2024).

                                  Total other assets of $5,902 ($5,624 at December 31, 2024) are expected to be derecognized within 12 months from the
                                  reporting date. This amount excludes deferred acquisition costs, the changes in which are noted below.
                                  Deferred Acquisition Costs
                                                                                                                                                                          2025                      2024
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                $                  1,065 $                      913
                                      Additions                                                                                                                                     302                         247
                                      Amortization                                                                                                                                  (140)                       (123)
                                      Changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                                                                5                         54
                                      Disposals                                                                                                                                      (24)                        (26)
                                      Balance, end of year                                                                                                      $                  1,208 $                  1,065




                                                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     163

                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  50

                                          B  150                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


12. Insurance Revenue

                                                                                                                                     2025                      2024
    Contracts not measured under the premium allocation approach (PAA)
    Amounts relating to changes in liabilities for remaining coverage
      Experience adjustments                                                                                                $                 (100) $                    (61)
      CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                                   1,357                     1,262
      Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                                                        624                       624
      Expected incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                                                                          9,927                     9,527
      Recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                                             658                       588
                                                                                                                                            12,466                    11,940
    Contracts measured under the PAA                                                                                                         9,855                     9,274
    Total insurance revenue                                                                                                 $               22,321 $                  21,214

13. Insurance Service and Other Operating Expenses

                                                                                                                                     2025                     2024 1
    Claims and benefits incurred                                                                                            $               15,256 $                  14,598
    Allocation of premium directly to recovery of insurance acquisition cash flows                                                              843                         748
    Adjustments to the liability for incurred claims                                                                                           (820)                    (773)
    Losses and reversal of losses on onerous insurance contracts                                                                                213                         97
    Salaries and other employee benefits                                                                                                     5,280                     5,059




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    General and administrative                                                                                                               1,815                     1,673
    Interest expense on leases                                                                                                                   13                         14
    Depreciation of fixed assets                                                                                                                 85                         87
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                                                          53                         54
    Commissions                                                                                                                              1,962                     1,861
    Total expenses                                                                                                          $               24,700 $                  23,418
    Represented by:
    Insurance service expenses                                                                                              $               17,239 $                  16,368
    Other operating and administrative expenses                                                                                              7,461                     7,050
    Total expenses                                                                                                          $               24,700 $                  23,418

1    Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current year's presentation.




164      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              51

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               B  151
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  14. Insurance Contracts

                                  (a) Analysis by Remaining Coverage and Incurred Claims
                                      Insurance contracts                                                                                                 2025
                                                                                                       Liability for remaining
                                                                                                               coverage                       Liability for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                        Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                                    Estimates      Risk
                                                                                                                                    of present adjustment
                                                                                                       Excluding          Contracts value of    for non-   Asset for
                                                                                                          loss     Loss   not under   future    financial acquisition
                                                                                                      component component   PAA     cash flows     risk   cash flows                                      Total
                                      Opening assets                                                  $      (1,414) $             3 $           190 $            28 $              — $            — $ (1,193)
                                      Opening liabilities                                                  137,519              337           3,573         13,866                 569          (181)    155,683
                                      Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund
                                        policyholders                                                       66,343               —               —              —                   —             —       66,343
                                      Net opening balance                                                  202,448              340           3,763         13,894                 569          (181)    220,833
                                      Changes in the Consolidated Statements of
                                        Earnings and Comprehensive Income
                                      Insurance revenue                                                    (22,321)               —                —              —                 —             —      (22,321)
                                      Insurance service expenses
                                         Incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                    —              (31)         10,067           6,905                62             —       17,003
                                         Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows                       843              —               —               —                 —              —          843
                                         Losses and reversal of losses on onerous contracts                      —              213              —               —                 —              —          213
                                        Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                          —                —              (48)           (692)               (80)           —         (820)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                               843              182          10,019           6,213                (18)           —       17,239
                                      Investment components                                                (11,063)              —            7,927           3,136                 —             —           —
                                      Total changes in insurance service result                            (32,541)             182          17,946           9,349                (18)           —       (5,082)
                                      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                         contracts                                                            6,353               (1)         6,087             474                16             —       12,929
                                      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                      957               (2)            64             158                 9             —        1,186
                                      Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of
                                         Earnings and Comprehensive Income                                 (25,231)             179          24,097           9,981                  7            —         9,033
                                      Cash flows
                                        Premiums received                                                   34,593                —                —              —                 —             —       34,593
                                        Incurred claims paid and other insurance service
                                           expenses paid                                                        (54)              —         (23,986)         (9,709)                —             —      (33,749)
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows                                       (959)              —              —               —                  —             —         (959)
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows transferred from
                                           the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows at
                                           initial recognition                                                 (36)               —              —               —                  —             —           (36)
                                        Other cash flows 1                                                   1,092                —              —               —                  —             —         1,092
                                      Total cash flows                                                      34,636                —         (23,986)         (9,709)                —             —           941
                                      Asset for acquisition cash flows
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows paid in the period                       —               —                —              —                 —            (40)           (40)
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to groups
                                           of insurance contracts recognized in the period                      —                —               —              —                   —             36         36
                                      Total changes in asset for acquisition cash flows                         —                —               —              —                   —             (4)         (4)
                                      Other movements 2                                                       (312)              —               —              —                   —             —        (312)
                                      Net closing balance 3                                           $    211,541 $            519 $         3,874 $       14,166 $               576 $        (185) $ 230,491
                                      Recorded in:
                                      Closing assets                                                  $      (2,374) $           — $            894 $          (91) $               — $           — $ (1,571)
                                      Closing liabilities                                                  143,497              519           2,980         14,257                 576          (185) 161,644
                                      Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund
                                        policyholders                                                       70,418               —               —              —                   —             —      70,418
                                      Net closing balance 3                                           $    211,541 $            519 $         3,874 $       14,166 $               576 $        (185) $ 230,491

                                  1    Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via funding component balance (FCB), claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements,
                                       and other cash flows from policy loans.
                                  2    Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
                                       other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
                                  3    Included in the insurance contract balances are loans to policyholders of $8,727 and funds withheld of $3,489.


                                                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   165

                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements             52

                                          B  152                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


    Insurance contracts                                                                                                     2024
                                                                            Liability for remaining
                                                                                    coverage                     Liability for incurred claims
                                                                                                                            Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                      Estimates            Risk
                                                                                                                      of present       adjustment
                                                                          Excluding                        Contracts   value of         for non-     Asset for
                                                                             loss              Loss        not under future cash        financial   acquisition
                                                                         component          component        PAA         flows             risk     cash flows    Total
    Opening assets                                          $                  (2,021) $           — $            831 $           (3) $          — $          — $ (1,193)
    Opening liabilities                                                      127,300              253           2,876         13,578            555        (174) 144,388
    Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                          60,302               —               —              —                 —               —        60,302
    Net opening balance                                                      185,581              253           3,707         13,575               555            (174)     203,497
    Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
       and Comprehensive Income
    Insurance revenue                                                         (21,214)                —              —              —               —               —       (21,214)
    Insurance service expenses
       Incurred claims and other insurance service expenses                        —              (21)          9,647           6,615               55              —        16,296
       Amortization of insurance acquisition cash flows                           748              —               —               —                —               —           748
       Losses and reversal of losses on onerous contracts                          —               97              —               —                —               —            97
      Adjustments to liabilities for incurred claims                               —               —              (17)           (689)             (67)             —          (773)
                                                                                  748              76           9,630           5,926              (12)             —        16,368
    Investment components                                                     (10,578)             —            7,523           3,055               —               —            —
    Total changes in insurance service result                                 (31,044)             76          17,153           8,981              (12)             —        (4,846)
    Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
       contracts                                                                7,856                 2         5,576             505               17              —        13,956




                                                                                                                                                                                          PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Effect of movement in exchange rates                                        4,892                 9            87             188                9              —         5,185
    Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of
       Earnings and Comprehensive Income                                      (18,296)             87          22,816           9,674               14              —        14,295
    Cash flows
       Premiums received                                                       35,406                 —              —              —               —               —        35,406
       Incurred claims paid and other insurance service
          expenses paid                                                            (58)               —       (22,760)         (9,355)              —               —       (32,173)
       Insurance acquisition cash flows                                           (878)               —            —               —                —               —          (878)
       Insurance acquisition cash flows transferred from
          the asset for insurance acquisition cash flows at
          initial recognition                                                     (34)                —            —               —                —               —           (34)
       Other cash flows 1                                                       1,211                 —            —               —                —               —         1,211
    Total cash flows                                                           35,647                 —       (22,760)         (9,355)              —               —         3,532
    Asset for acquisition cash flows
       Insurance acquisition cash flows paid in the period                              —             —              —              —               —              (41)            (41)
       Insurance acquisition cash flows allocated to groups
          of insurance contracts recognized in the period                         —                —               —              —                 —               34         34
    Total changes in asset for acquisition cash flows                             —                —               —              —                 —               (7)         (7)
    Other movements 2                                                           (484)              —               —              —                 —               —        (484)
    Net closing balance 3                                               $    202,448 $            340 $         3,763 $       13,894 $             569 $          (181) $ 220,833
    Recorded in:
    Closing assets                                                      $       (1,414) $             3 $          190 $            28 $            — $              — $ (1,193)
    Closing liabilities                                                      137,519              337           3,573         13,866               569            (181)     155,683
    Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund
       policyholders                                                          66,343               —               —              —                 —               —      66,343
    Net closing balance 3                                               $    202,448 $            340 $         3,763 $       13,894 $             569 $          (181) $ 220,833

1    Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
     policy loans.
2    Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
     other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
3    Included in the insurance contract balances are loans to policyholders of $9,204 and funds withheld of $3,640.




    166   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              53

                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     B  153
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (b) Analysis by Measurement Component for Insurance Contracts not Measured Under PAA
                                      Insurance contracts                                                                                                             2025
                                                                                                                               Estimates of               Risk
                                                                                                                              present value           adjustment
                                                                                                                              of future cash            for non-
                                                                                                                                   flows             financial risk              CSM                Total
                                      Opening assets                                                                         $           (4,397) $                 584 $            2,672 $             (1,141)
                                      Opening liabilities                                                                              124,143                   6,155             11,768             142,066
                                      Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                   66,343                      —                  —               66,343
                                      Net opening balance                                                                              186,089                   6,739             14,440             207,268
                                      Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
                                        Comprehensive Income
                                      Changes that relate to current service
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                  —                     —               (1,357)              (1,357)
                                        Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                     —                   (628)                 —                  (628)
                                        Experience adjustments                                                                              211                        1                 —                    212
                                      Changes that relate to future service
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                          (863)                  257                 620                     14
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                            (142)                  (15)                157                     —
                                        Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on onerous
                                          contacts                                                                                          169                      30                  —                    199
                                      Changes that relate to past service
                                         Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                                                     (44)                     (3)                  —                  (47)
                                      Total changes in insurance service result                                                           (669)                   (358)                (580)             (1,607)
                                      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance contracts                                            12,163                      88                  187             12,438




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                 539                     124                  350               1,013
                                      Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
                                         Comprehensive Income                                                                           12,033                    (146)                 (43)            11,844
                                      Cash flows
                                        Premiums received                                                                               21,737                       —                   —              21,737
                                        Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid                                 (24,040)                      —                   —             (24,040)
                                        Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                    (807)                    —                   —                    (807)
                                        Other cash flows 1                                                                                1,153                     —                  —                 1,153
                                      Total cash flows                                                                                   (1,957)                    —                  —                (1,957)
                                      Other movements 2                                                                                    (312)                    —                  —                  (312)
                                      Net closing balance                                                                    $         195,853 $                 6,593 $           14,397 $           216,843
                                      Recorded in:
                                      Closing assets                                                                         $           (7,185) $               1,549 $            4,267 $             (1,369)
                                      Closing liabilities                                                                              132,620                   5,044             10,130             147,794
                                      Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                   70,418                      —                  —               70,418
                                      Net closing balance                                                                    $         195,853 $                 6,593 $           14,397 $           216,843

                                  1    Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
                                       policy loans.
                                  2    Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
                                       other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     167

                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  54

                                          B  154                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


    Insurance contracts                                                                                                         2024
                                                                                             Estimates of            Risk
                                                                                             present value       adjustment
                                                                                            of future cash         for non-
                                                                                                 flows          financial risk            CSM                   Total
    Opening assets                                                                         $          (6,560) $           1,654 $            3,796 $                (1,110)
    Opening liabilities                                                                             115,794               5,372              9,952                131,118
    Opening liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                  60,302                  —                  —                  60,302
    Net opening balance                                                                             169,536               7,026             13,748                190,310
    Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive
      Income
    Changes that relate to current service
      CSM recognized for services provided                                                                —                   —               (1,262)              (1,262)
      Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                   —                 (627)                 —                  (627)
      Experience adjustments                                                                             161                   1                  —                   162
    Changes that relate to future service
      Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                      (1,229)                330                  913                    14
      Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                          (243)               (284)                 527                    —
      Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on onerous
          contacts                                                                                        69                   14                  —                     83
    Changes that relate to past service
      Adjustment to liabilities for incurred claims                                                      (16)                 —                    —                   (16)
    Total changes in insurance service result                                                         (1,258)               (566)                 178               (1,646)
    Net finance (income) expenses from insurance contracts                                           13,186                   74                  174              13,434
    Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                               4,441                 205                  340               4,986




                                                                                                                                                                               PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive
       Income                                                                                        16,369                 (287)                 692              16,774
    Cash flows
      Premiums received                                                                               22,964                   —                   —               22,964
      Incurred claims paid and other insurance service expenses paid                                 (22,817)                  —                   —              (22,817)
      Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                  (750)                  —                   —                 (750)
      Other cash flows 1                                                                              1,271                   —                   —                 1,271
    Total cash flows                                                                                    668                   —                   —                   668
    Other movements 2                                                                                  (484)                  —                   —                  (484)
    Net closing balance                                                                    $        186,089 $              6,739 $            14,440 $            207,268
    Recorded in:
    Closing assets                                                                         $          (4,397) $              584 $             2,672 $              (1,141)
    Closing liabilities                                                                             124,143                6,155              11,768              142,066
    Closing liabilities on account of segregated fund policyholders                                  66,343                   —                   —                66,343
    Net closing balance                                                                    $        186,089 $              6,739 $            14,440 $            207,268

1    Other cash flows includes transfer to/from segregated funds, premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, net settlements, and other cash flows from
     policy loans.
2    Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
     other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




168      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements             55

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            B  155
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (c)    CSM and Insurance Revenue by Transition Approach
                                                                                                                                                    2025                     2024
                                  CSM movement by transition approach
                                     Insurance contracts under fair value approach
                                     CSM balance, beginning of year                                                                       $                  9,052 $                 9,641
                                     Change related to current service provided
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                  (845)                       (885)
                                     Changes that relate to future service
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                               97                          58
                                     Total changes in insurance service result                                                                                (748)                       (827)
                                     Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                                             48                          62
                                     Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                                     193                         176
                                     Total change                                                                                                             (507)                       (589)
                                  CSM balance, end of year                                                                                $                  8,545 $                 9,052


                                     Other insurance contracts
                                     CSM balance, beginning of year                                                                       $                  5,388 $                 4,107
                                     Change related to current service provided
                                        CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                  (512)                       (377)
                                     Changes that relate to future service
                                        Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                            620                         913
                                        Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                               60                         469




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                     Total changes in insurance service result                                                                                168                    1,005
                                     Net finance expenses from insurance contracts                                                                            139                         112
                                     Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                                     157                         164
                                     Total change                                                                                                             464                    1,281
                                  CSM balance, end of year                                                                                $                  5,852 $                 5,388
                                  Net CSM balance, end of year                                                                            $                 14,397 $                14,440


                                                                                                                                                    2025                     2024
                                  Insurance revenue
                                     Insurance revenue for contracts under fair value approach                                            $                  7,543 $                 8,569
                                     Insurance revenue for contracts under other approaches                                                                 14,778                  12,645
                                  Total insurance revenue                                                                                 $                 22,321 $                21,214

                                  Upon transition, IFRS 17 required an entity to apply the standard retrospectively unless impracticable. The Company
                                  performed a cut-off date assessment (by region and product) to determine the contracts to which the full retrospective
                                  approach can be applied. The Company applied the full retrospective approach to all identified insurance contracts unless it
                                  was impracticable, where reasonable and supportable information necessary to complete the full retrospective approach was
                                  not available.
                                  The Company applied the fair value approach to contracts where it was impracticable to apply the full retrospective approach.
                                  The fair value approach calculates the CSM or loss component of the liability for remaining coverage as the difference between
                                  the fair value of a group of insurance contracts at the date of transition and the fulfillment cash flows measured at that date.
                                  The Company used an embedded value approach to determine the fair value within the fair value approach. Under the
                                  embedded value approach, the fair value is measured as the third party’s present value of fulfillment cash flows, plus future
                                  costs of capital, less any future profits. The cost of capital was measured as the total required capital multiplied by a hurdle rate,
                                  and the future profits are driven by the release of risk adjustment and investment income on required capital. The development
                                  of the assumptions were based on a combination of publicly available industry data, historic economic data and the
                                  Company’s own view of assumptions when the external data sources were not available.




                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     169

                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                   56

                                        B  156                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(d) Composition of Insurance Contract Liabilities and Related Supporting Assets
(i)      Composition of Insurance and Reinsurance Contract Assets and Liabilities, as well as Investment Contract
         Liabilities
                                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                   Reinsurance                                                                  Reinsurance
                                                    Insurance contract            contract held         Insurance contract    Investment                       contract held
                                                          assets                      assets                 liabilities   contract liabilities                  liabilities
Participating
      United States                                 $                    — $                       — $                    5,033 $                     — $                         —
      Canada                                                             —                         —                     61,045                       —                           —
      Europe                                                             —                         —                       118                        —                           —
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                         —                         —                       651                        —                           —
Non-Participating
      United States                                                   315                      11,818                    12,599                  84,620                          158
      Canada                                                          445                       1,224                    30,600                   3,456                          321
      Europe                                                          534                       3,705                    45,386                      377                         397
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                      277                        103                      6,212                      589                         43
Total                                               $               1,571 $                    16,850 $               161,644 $                  89,042 $                        919

                                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                   Reinsurance                                                                  Reinsurance
                                                    Insurance contract            contract held          Insurance contract       Investment contract          contract held
                                                          assets                      assets                  liabilities               liabilities              liabilities




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Participating
      United States                                 $                    — $                       — $                    5,337 $                     — $                         —
      Canada                                                             —                         —                     55,941                       —                           —
      Europe                                                             —                         —                       122                        —                           —
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                         —                         —                       678                        —                           —
Non-Participating
      United States                                                   335                      12,756                    13,544                  85,470                          159
      Canada                                                          434                       1,216                    31,309                   3,698                          283
      Europe                                                          353                       3,746                    41,944                      330                         313
      Capital and Risk Solutions                                        71                       124                      6,808                      659                         40
Total                                               $               1,193 $                    17,842 $               155,683 $                  90,157 $                        795

(ii) Composition of Assets Supporting Insurance Contract Liabilities
                                                                                                              2025
                                                                        Mortgage                                     Investment
                                                    Bonds                loans                   Stocks               properties              Other                     Total
Participating liabilities
      United States                         $             3,939 $                      528 $               276 $                   — $                 290 $                5,033
      Canada                                             29,132                  12,332                 12,618                 5,630                 1,333                 61,045
      Europe                                                   56                        —                   39                    —                     23                     118
      Capital and Risk Solutions                             613                         —                   —                     —                     38                     651
Non-participating liabilities
      United States                                          346                         7                   —                     —               12,246                  12,599
      Canada                                             23,072                       3,533              3,422                    573                    —                 30,600
      Europe                                             29,177                       7,923                126                 1,658                 6,502                 45,386
      Capital and Risk Solutions                          5,354                        811                   47                    —                     —                  6,212
Total                                       $            91,689 $                25,134 $               16,528 $               7,861 $             20,432 $               161,644




170     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              57

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     B  157
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                             2024 1
                                                                                                        Mortgage                                      Investment
                                                                                     Bonds               loans                    Stocks               properties                    Other             Total


                                      Participating liabilities
                                         United States                        $             4,281 $                612 $                    251 $                    — $                     193 $             5,337
                                         Canada                                           27,497                12,239                10,513                    5,164                        528            55,941
                                         Europe                                                53                    —                       34                        3                      32                   122
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                           604                    —                       —                       —                        74                   678
                                      Non-participating liabilities
                                         United States                                        387                     8                      —                       —                  13,149              13,544
                                         Canada                                           23,553                 3,727                  3,206                      742                        81            31,309
                                         Europe                                           27,227                 7,359                      396                 1,909                    5,053              41,944
                                         Capital and Risk Solutions                         6,057                  751                       —                       —                        —                6,808
                                      Total                                    $          89,659 $              24,696 $              14,400 $                  7,818 $                 19,110 $           155,683

                                  1     Comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with current year's presentation.

                                  Cash flows of assets supporting insurance contract liabilities are matched within reasonable limits.
                                  (e) Effect on Measurement Components of Contracts Initially Recognized in the Year
                                      Insurance contracts                                                                                                                    2025
                                                                                                                                              Profitable                  Onerous
                                                                                                                                           contracts issued            contracts issued               Total




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                 $                    683 $                            49 $                  732
                                      Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                                 7,425                              83                7,508
                                      Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                         8,108                          132                   8,240
                                      Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                         (8,968)                         (135)                 (9,103)
                                      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                240                              17                    257
                                      CSM                                                                                                                   620                              —                     620
                                      Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                           $                      — $                            14 $                   14

                                      Insurance contracts                                                                                                                    2024
                                                                                                                                              Profitable                  Onerous
                                                                                                                                           contracts issued            contracts issued                Total
                                      Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                 $                    582 $                            42 $                  624
                                      Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                                 9,241                              79                9,320
                                      Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                         9,823                          121                   9,944
                                      Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                       (11,050)                          (123)              (11,173)
                                      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                312                              18                    330
                                      CSM                                                                                                                   913                              —                     913
                                      Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                           $                       (2) $                         16 $                   14

                                  The Company did not acquire any insurance contracts through transfer or business combination.
                                  (f)         Maturity Analysis of Insurance and Reinsurance Contracts Held
                                  The following table shows the undiscounted expected future cash outflows (inflows) for insurance and reinsurance contracts
                                  held by expected timing based on best estimate actuarial assumptions and excludes amounts from insurance contract
                                  liabilities on account of segregated fund holders. Whole life individual insurance products have expected cash flows for several
                                  decades in the future. Examples of cash outflows are payment of claims and expenses, and examples of cash inflows are
                                  premiums.




                                                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report    171
                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  58

                                          B  158                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                         2025
                                                                1 year or                                                                                    Over
                                                                   less          1-2 years            2-3 years        3-4 years          4-5 years         5 years          Total
Insurance contracts
      Insurance contract liabilities                        $        9,039 $            5,164 $             5,402 $         5,508 $            5,851 $        507,352 $       538,316
      Insurance contract assets                                       (786)                 (821)            (776)            (678)             (621)           (8,048)        (11,730)
                                                            $        8,253 $            4,343 $             4,626 $         4,830 $            5,230 $        499,304 $       526,586


Reinsurance contracts held
      Reinsurance contract held liabilities                 $            177 $              239 $             241 $            218 $             190 $          1,433 $           2,498
      Reinsurance contract held assets                                (736)                 (218)            (198)            (196)             (199)           (4,479)          (6,026)
                                                            $         (559) $                21 $              43 $             22 $              (9) $         (3,046) $        (3,528)

                                                                                                                         2024
                                                                1 year or                                                                                    Over
                                                                   less          1-2 years            2-3 years        3-4 years          4-5 years         5 years           Total
Insurance contracts
      Insurance contract liabilities                        $        8,168 $            4,295 $             4,429 $         4,776 $            4,947 $        456,281 $       482,896
      Insurance contract assets                                       (604)                 (573)            (541)            (479)             (424)           (3,260)          (5,881)
                                                            $        7,564 $            3,722 $             3,888 $         4,297 $            4,523 $        453,021 $       477,015


Reinsurance contracts held
      Reinsurance contract held liabilities                 $            182 $              111 $             112 $             99 $              82 $            490 $           1,076




                                                                                                                                                                                             PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Reinsurance contract held assets                                (634)                 (189)            (168)            (164)             (167)           (4,306)          (5,628)
                                                            $         (452) $                (78) $           (56) $            (65) $           (85) $         (3,816) $        (4,552)

(g) Amount of Insurance Contract Liabilities Payable on Demand
The amounts from insurance contract liabilities that are payable on demand are set out below. The amounts payable on
demand include the cash surrender value and/or the account value less applicable surrender charges payable. Insurance
contract liabilities held on account of segregated fund holders are excluded from the amounts payable on demand and carrying
amounts.

                                                                                                                                               2025                       2024
Amounts payable on demand                                                                                                             $                67,709 $                  64,424
Carrying amounts                                                                                                                                      105,841                 101,715

(h) Expected Remaining CSM Recognition
                                                                                                              Insurance contracts
                                                         1 year or                                                                                            Over
                                                            less            1-2 years        2-3 years       3-4 years      4-5 years       5-10 years       10 years         Total
2025                                                    $        1,287 $         1,158 $            1,036 $          951 $            869 $       3,366 $         5,730 $        14,397
2024                                                             1,207           1,121              1,027            950              873         3,384           5,878          14,440

(i)      Expected Derecognition of the Asset for Insurance Acquisition Cash Flows
                                                                                                              Insurance contracts
                                                         1 year or                                                                                            Over
                                                            less            1-2 years        2-3 years       3-4 years      4-5 years       5-10 years       10 years         Total
2025                                                    $           34 $               31 $            28 $            25 $           21 $             46 $           — $             185
2024                                                                32                 30              27              24             21               47             —               181

(j)      Insurance Risk
Actuarial Assumptions
In the computation of insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions have been made regarding rates of mortality/
morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
172     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               59

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                        B  159
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  options or provisions. The valuation assumptions use best estimates of future experience together with a risk adjustment for
                                  non-financial risk. The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation that the Company requires for
                                  bearing uncertainty in the amount and timing of insurance contract cash flows. Risk adjustments for non-financial risk are
                                  reviewed periodically for continued appropriateness.
                                  The Company measures the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for reinsurance held using assumptions that are
                                  consistent with those used to measure the estimates of the present value of future cash flows for the underlying insurance
                                  contracts, with an adjustment for any non-performance by the reinsurer.
                                  Investment contract liabilities are measured at fair value determined using discount rates derived from a reference portfolio or
                                  stochastic modeling at end of the reporting period. The Company’s main valuation techniques incorporate all factors that
                                  market participants would consider and make maximum use of observable market data.
                                  The methods for arriving at these valuation assumptions are outlined below:
                                  Mortality
                                  A life insurance mortality study is carried out regularly for each major block of insurance business. The results of each study are
                                  used to update the Company’s experience valuation mortality tables for that business. Annuitant mortality is also studied
                                  regularly, and the results are used to modify established annuitant mortality tables. When there is insufficient data, the
                                  Company uses the latest industry experience to derive an appropriate valuation mortality assumption. Improvement scales for
                                  life insurance and annuitant mortality are updated periodically based on population and industry studies, product specific
                                  considerations, as well as professional guidance. In addition, appropriate provisions are made for future mortality
                                  deterioration on term insurance.
                                  Morbidity
                                  The Company uses industry developed experience tables modified to reflect emerging Company experience. Both claim




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  incidence and termination are monitored regularly, and emerging experience is factored into the current valuation.
                                  Expenses
                                  Expenses for certain items, such as sales commissions and policy taxes and fees, are either contractual or specified by law, and
                                  so they are only reflected on a best estimate basis in the liability. Operating expenses, such as policy and claims administration
                                  as well as overhead, are more variable. The Company produces expense studies for operating expenses regularly to determine
                                  an appropriate estimate of future operating expenses for the liability type being valued. An inflation assumption is incorporated
                                  in the estimate of future operating expenses held within the liability.
                                  Policy Termination
                                  Studies to determine rates of policy termination are updated regularly to form the basis of this estimate. Industry data is also
                                  available and is useful where the Company has no experience with specific types of policies or its exposure is limited. The
                                  Company's most significant exposures are in respect of the T-100 and Level Cost of Insurance Universal Life products in
                                  Canada and policy renewal rates at the end of the term for renewable term policies in Canada and Capital and Risk Solutions.
                                  Industry experience has guided the Company's assumptions for these products as its own experience is very limited.
                                  Property and Casualty Reinsurance
                                  Insurance contract liabilities for property and casualty reinsurance written by Capital and Risk Solutions are determined using
                                  accepted actuarial practices for property and casualty insurers in Canada. The insurance contract liabilities are based on
                                  cession statements provided by ceding companies. In addition, insurance contract liabilities also include an amount for
                                  incurred but not reported losses, which may differ significantly from the ultimate loss development. The estimates and
                                  underlying methodology are continually reviewed and updated and adjustments to estimates are reflected in net earnings.
                                  Capital and Risk Solutions analyzes the emergence of claims experience against expected assumptions for each reinsurance
                                  contract separately and at the portfolio level. If necessary, a more in depth analysis is undertaken of the cedant experience.
                                  Utilization of Elective Policy Options
                                  There are a wide range of elective options embedded in the policies issued by the Company. Examples include term renewals,
                                  conversion to whole life insurance (term insurance), settlement annuity purchase at guaranteed rates (deposit annuities) and
                                  guarantee re-sets (segregated fund maturity guarantees). The assumed rates of utilization are based on Company or industry
                                  experience when it exists and otherwise based on judgment considering incentives to utilize the option. Generally, whenever it
                                  is clearly in the best interests of an informed policyholder to utilize an option, then it is assumed to be elected.
                                  Policyholder Dividends and Adjustable Policy Features
                                  Future policyholder dividends and other adjustable policy features are included in the determination of insurance contract
                                  liabilities with the assumption that policyholder dividends or adjustable benefits will change in the future in response to the
                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   173

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                60

                                      B  160                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


relevant experience. The dividend and policy adjustments are determined consistent with policyholders’ reasonable
expectations, such expectations being influenced by the participating policyholder dividend policies and/or policyholder
communications, marketing material and past practice. It is the Company's expectation that changes will occur in policyholder
dividend scales or adjustable benefits for participating or adjustable business respectively, corresponding to changes in the
best estimate assumptions, resulting in an immaterial net change in insurance contract liabilities. Where underlying
guarantees may limit the ability to pass all of this experience back to the policyholder, the impact of this non-adjustability
impacting shareholders' net earnings is reflected in the impacts of changes in best estimate assumptions below.
Investment Returns
Interest rate risk is managed by investing in assets that are suitable for the products sold. The Company utilizes a formal
process for managing the matching of assets and liabilities. This involves grouping general fund assets and liabilities into
segments. Assets in each segment are managed in relation to the liabilities in the segment. The impact to net earnings from
changes in the interest rates would be largely offset by changes in the value of financial assets supporting the liabilities.
However, differences in the interest rate sensitivity in the value of assets and the value of insurance and investment contract
liabilities leads to a sensitivity to interest rate movements in net earnings.
Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities
In determining the Company’s insurance contract liabilities, valuation assumptions are made regarding rates of mortality/
morbidity, investment returns, levels of operating expenses, rates of policy termination and rates of utilization of elective policy
options or provisions. When the assumptions are revised to reflect emerging experience or change in outlook, the result is a
change in the value of liabilities which in turn affects the Company’s earnings.
Non-Financial Exposures and Sensitivities
Insurance Risk




                                                                                                                                                                                            PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                                Net earnings                                              CSM 1
                                                                                     Before                       Net of                    Before                   Net of
                                                                                   Reinsurance               Reinsurance Held             Reinsurance           Reinsurance Held

    2% Life mortality increase                                                 $                 (225) $                      (200) $                   (225) $                      (75)
    2% Annuity mortality decrease                                                                    200                       175                      (750)                    (625)
    5% Morbidity adverse change                                                                  (150)                        (150)                     (225)                    (100)
    5% Expense increase                                                                              (25)                        —                      (125)                    (125)
    10% Adverse change in policy termination and renewal                                         (225)                        (150)                     (675)                    (725)

                                                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                                Net earnings                                               CSM 1
                                                                                          Before                   Net of                    Before                    Net of
                                                                                       Reinsurance            Reinsurance Held            Reinsurance             Reinsurance Held
    2% Life mortality increase                                                 $                 (100) $                      (100) $                   (350) $                  (175)
    2% Annuity mortality decrease                                                                    200                       175                      (725)                    (650)
    5% Morbidity adverse change                                                                  (150)                        (125)                     (200)                    (100)
    5% Expense increase                                                                               —                          —                      (125)                    (150)
    10% Adverse change in policy termination and renewal                                             (50)                        —                      (850)                    (850)

1    The impacts to the CSM are pre-tax.

These sensitivities reflect the impact on net earnings and CSM of an immediate change in assumptions on the value of
insurance and reinsurance contracts held and investment contracts. The impact on equity is equal to the net earnings impact.
Assumption changes on insurance risks directly impact CSM, for contracts which have CSM. The impact of assumption
changes on CSM are measured at locked-in discount rates, for contracts measured under the General Measurement Model.
Net earnings impacts arise from any differences relative to the fair value impact of assumption changes impacting CSM, as well
as assumption changes on contracts which do not have CSM (including short term insurance contracts). For assumption
changes impacting CSM, there is a second-order impact to earnings which captures the present value difference between the
impact of assumption changes measured at prevailing discount rates and locked-in discount rates. In general, prevailing
discount rates are currently higher than locked-in rates for the Company’s insurance contracts, as most locked-in rates for the
calculation of CSM impacts were struck at January 1, 2022 for the in-force portfolio. Therefore, an unfavourable change in
assumptions on insurance risks, leading to a liability strengthening offset by CSM reduction, also results in a positive earnings
impact in the period due to the fair value impact.
174      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              61

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                        B  161
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Concentration risk may arise from geographic regions, accumulation of risks and market risk. The concentration of insurance
                                  risk before and after reinsurance by geographic region is described in the segmented information (note 33).
                                  Reinsurance Risk
                                  Maximum limits per insured life benefit amount (which vary by line of business) are established for life and health insurance,
                                  and reinsurance is purchased for amounts in excess of those limits.
                                  Reinsurance costs and recoveries as defined by the reinsurance agreement are reflected in the valuation with these costs and
                                  recoveries being appropriately calibrated to the direct assumptions.
                                  Reinsurance contracts do not relieve the Company from its obligations to policyholders. Failure of reinsurers to honour their
                                  obligations could result in losses to the Company. The Company evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers to minimize
                                  its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies.
                                  Certain of the reinsurance contracts are on a funds withheld basis where the Company retains the assets supporting the
                                  reinsured insurance contract liabilities, thus minimizing the exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvency on those
                                  contracts.
                                  Discount Rates
                                  The following table provides the lower and upper end of the range of the spot rates used by the Company to discount liability
                                  cash flows by major currency:

                                                  2025                      Year 1          Year 5        Year 10                Year 20                 Year 30           Year 50
                                                      Lower                       2.9 %          3.6 %             4.0 %                 4.4 %                4.5 %               4.9 %
                                  CAD
                                                      Upper                       3.9 %          4.6 %             5.0 %                 5.4 %                5.5 %               5.4 %
                                                      Lower                       4.1 %          4.4 %             4.9 %                 5.8 %                5.6 %               5.1 %
                                  USD




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                      Upper                       4.6 %          4.9 %             5.4 %                 6.3 %                6.2 %               5.4 %
                                                      Lower                       2.5 %          2.9 %             3.4 %                 3.9 %                4.2 %               4.6 %
                                  EUR
                                                      Upper                       3.2 %          3.7 %             4.1 %                 4.7 %                4.8 %               4.7 %
                                                      Lower                       4.1 %          4.5 %             5.1 %                 5.8 %                5.9 %               4.5 %
                                  GBP
                                                      Upper                       4.8 %          5.2 %             5.9 %                 6.6 %                6.6 %               5.3 %

                                                  2024                       Year 1         Year 5         Year 10               Year 20                 Year 30           Year 50
                                                      Lower                       4.2 %          4.2 %             4.5 %                 4.6 %                4.6 %               4.9 %
                                  CAD
                                                      Upper                       4.6 %          4.6 %             4.9 %                 5.0 %                5.0 %               5.0 %
                                                      Lower                       4.9 %          5.2 %             5.4 %                 5.8 %                5.6 %               5.1 %
                                  USD
                                                      Upper                       5.4 %          5.7 %             5.8 %                 6.2 %                5.9 %               5.3 %
                                                      Lower                       2.5 %          2.5 %             2.8 %                 3.0 %                3.2 %               4.3 %
                                  EUR
                                                      Upper                       3.6 %          3.6 %             3.8 %                 4.0 %                4.1 %               4.5 %
                                                      Lower                       4.9 %          4.8 %             5.1 %                 5.7 %                5.7 %               4.3 %
                                  GBP
                                                      Upper                       5.7 %          5.5 %             5.9 %                 6.5 %                6.5 %               5.1 %

                                  The spot rates in the table above are calculated based on prevailing interest rates observed in their respective markets. When
                                  interest rates are not observable, the yield curve to discount cash flows transitions to an ultimate rate composed of a risk-free
                                  rate and illiquidity premium. These amounts are set based on historical data.




                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   175

                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               62

                                      B  162                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Impact of Assumption Changes and Management Actions
Throughout the year, the Company completed certain assumption reviews and model refinements related to insurance
contract liabilities. The following table shows the net earnings and CSM impacts of assumption changes and management
actions for the years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024:

                                                                                                Net earnings
    Assumptions                                                    CSM impacts 1              impact (pre-tax)                              Description
    For the year ended December 31, 2025
    Longevity                                                  $                      30 $                   18 Updates to reflect recent longevity experience, primarily
                                                                                                                on portfolios in the Capital and Risk Solutions segment
                                                                                                                and the Europe segment
    Mortality                                                                         (21)                  (27) Updates to reflect recent mortality experience on the
                                                                                                                 U.S. life reinsurance portfolio in the Capital and Risk
                                                                                                                 Solutions segment, and recent mortality experience and
                                                                                                                 trends in the Canada segment
    Policyholder behaviour                                                          (184)                    50 Updates to lapse assumptions on universal life insurance
                                                                                                                 in the Canada segment
    Other                                                                             25                   (141) Other updates, including financial and expense
                                                                                                                 assumptions
    Total                                                      $                    (150) $                (100)


    For the year ended December 31, 2024
    Total                                                      $                     252 $                 (209)

1    Excludes participating and segregated fund policies.




                                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




176         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            63

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B  163
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  15. Reinsurance Contracts Held

                                  (a) Analysis by Remaining Coverage and Incurred Claims
                                      Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                 Asset for remaining
                                                                                                                      coverage                            Asset for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                                                      Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                                                                    Estimates      Risk
                                                                                                              Excluding                                             of present adjustment
                                                                                                                 loss     Loss                   Contracts           value of   for non-
                                                                                                              recovery  recovery                 not under         future cash  financial
                                                                                                             component component                  the PAA             flows        risk                  Total
                                      Opening assets                                                         $      16,594 $              72 $           1,046 $               124 $             6 $        17,842
                                      Opening liabilities                                                            (1,269)              28                339                 99               8                (795)
                                      Net opening balance                                                           15,325               100             1,385                 223              14          17,047
                                      Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                        and Comprehensive Income
                                      Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                        (4,643)               (3)           1,935              1,003                5           (1,703)
                                      Investment components                                                            (140)               —                140                  —              —                   —
                                      Net finance income from reinsurance contracts, excluding
                                        the effect of changes in non-performance risk of
                                        reinsurers                                                                     (349)               (2)               18                      7          —                 (326)
                                      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                             (383)                2                45                      5          —                 (331)
                                      Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of
                                         Earnings and Comprehensive Income                                           (5,515)               (3)           2,138              1,015                5           (2,360)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Cash flows
                                         Premiums paid                                                               5,292                —                   —                  —              —            5,292
                                        Incurred claims received and other insurance service
                                           amounts received                                                              —                —             (2,062)               (908)             —            (2,970)
                                        Other cash flows 1                                                             (767)               —                  —                  —              —                 (767)
                                      Total cash flows                                                               4,525                 —            (2,062)               (908)             —            1,555
                                      Other movements 2                                                                (311)               —                  —                  —              —                 (311)
                                      Net closing balance 3                                                  $      14,024 $              97 $           1,461 $               330 $            19 $        15,931
                                      Recorded in:
                                      Closing assets                                                         $      15,473 $              79 $              948 $              331 $            19 $        16,850
                                      Closing liabilities                                                            (1,449)              18                513                  (1)            —                 (919)
                                      Net closing balance 3                                                  $      14,024 $              97 $           1,461 $               330 $            19 $        15,931

                                  1     Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
                                  2     Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
                                        other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
                                  3     Included in the reinsurance contracts held amounts are funds withheld by the Company under reinsurance contracts of $5,463.




                                                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     177

                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                 64

                                          B  164                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


    Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                               2024
                                                                                    Asset for remaining
                                                                                         coverage                          Asset for incurred claims
                                                                                                                                     Contracts under PAA
                                                                                                                                   Estimates            Risk
                                                                                 Excluding                                         of present       adjustment
                                                                                    loss              Loss        Contracts         value of         for non-
                                                                                 recovery           recovery      not under       future cash        financial
                                                                                component          component       the PAA           flows              risk             Total
    Opening assets                                                             $         15,981 $          90 $         1,002 $             247 $              12 $       17,332
    Opening liabilities                                                                    (885)           20              218                (1)              —             (648)
    Net opening balance                                                                  15,096           110           1,220               246                12         16,684
    Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
      Comprehensive Income
    Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                              (4,457)          (10)          1,906               961                 1          (1,599)
    Investment components                                                                  (123)           —               123                —                —                  —
    Net finance income from reinsurance contracts, excluding
      the effect of changes in non-performance risk of
      reinsurers                                                                            (52)            (1)             36                 6                1                (10)
    Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                  1,036              1              19                 5               —            1,061
    Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings
      and Comprehensive Income                                                           (3,596)          (10)          2,084               972                 2            (548)
    Cash flows
       Premiums paid                                                                      3,799            —                 —                —                —            3,799
      Incurred claims received and other insurance service
         amounts received                                                                    —             —            (1,919)            (995)               —           (2,914)




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Other cash flows 1                                                                   510             —                 —                —                —                 510
    Total cash flows                                                                      4,309            —            (1,919)            (995)               —            1,395
    Other movements 2                                                                      (484)           —                 —                —                —             (484)
    Net closing balance 3                                                      $         15,325 $         100 $         1,385 $             223 $              14 $       17,047
    Recorded in:
    Closing assets                                                             $         16,594 $          72 $         1,046 $             124 $               6 $       17,842
    Closing liabilities                                                                  (1,269)           28              339               99                 8            (795)
    Net closing balance 3                                                      $         15,325 $         100 $         1,385 $             223 $              14 $       17,047

1     Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
2     Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
      other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.
3     Included in the reinsurance contracts held amounts are funds withheld by the Company under reinsurance contracts of $4,276.




    178   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              65

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B  165
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (b) Analysis by Measurement Component for Reinsurance Contracts Held not Measured Under PAA
                                      Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                                           2025
                                                                                                                                   Estimates of                Risk
                                                                                                                                  present value            adjustment
                                                                                                                                  of future cash             for non-
                                                                                                                                       flows              financial risk              CSM                Total
                                      Opening assets                                                                              $          16,644 $                   731 $               344 $            17,719
                                      Opening liabilities                                                                                     (2,488)                 1,021                 728                    (739)
                                      Net opening balance                                                                                    14,156                   1,752               1,072              16,980
                                      Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
                                        Comprehensive Income
                                      Changes that relate to current service
                                         CSM recognized for services received                                                                       —                     —                 (125)                  (125)
                                         Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                          —                   (175)                 —                    (175)
                                         Experience adjustments                                                                                    52                     —                   —                     52
                                      Changes that relate to future service
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                              (106)                  138                  (22)                   10
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                  56                     38                 (94)                    —
                                         Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on onerous
                                           contacts                                                                                                (16)                   14                  —                      (2)
                                      Changes that relate to past service
                                         Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability for
                                           incurred claims                                                                                         (17)                    (1)                —                     (18)
                                      Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                      (31)                   14                (241)                  (258)




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Net finance income from reinsurance contracts, excluding the effect of
                                        changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                                                            (353)                     (6)                26                   (333)
                                      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                       (404)                    57                  10                   (337)
                                      Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and
                                         Comprehensive Income                                                                                    (788)                    65                (205)                  (928)
                                      Cash flows
                                         Premiums paid                                                                                         2,852                      —                   —                2,852
                                         Incurred claims received and other insurance service amounts received                                (2,062)                     —                   —               (2,062)
                                         Other cash flows 1                                                                                      (767)                    —                   —                    (767)
                                      Total cash flows                                                                                             23                     —                   —                     23
                                      Other movements 2                                                                                          (311)                    —                   —                    (311)
                                      Net closing balance                                                                         $          13,080 $                 1,817 $               867 $            15,764
                                      Recorded in:
                                      Closing assets                                                                              $          15,713 $                   708 $               255 $            16,676
                                      Closing liabilities                                                                                     (2,633)                 1,109                 612                    (912)
                                      Net closing balance                                                                         $          13,080 $                 1,817 $               867 $            15,764

                                  1     Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
                                  2     Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
                                        other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




                                                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     179

                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  66

                                          B  166                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


    Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                    Estimates of            Risk
                                                                                                    present value       adjustment
                                                                                                    of future cash        for non-
                                                                                                        flows          financial risk           CSM                   Total
    Opening assets                                                                              $          16,181 $                866 $                163 $            17,210
    Opening liabilities                                                                                     (2,419)                863                  950                   (606)
    Net opening balance                                                                                    13,762                1,729               1,113               16,604
    Changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive
      Income
    Changes that relate to current service
       CSM recognized for services received                                                                      —                   —                 (131)                  (131)
       Change in risk adjustment for non-financial risk for risk expired                                         —                (176)                   —                   (176)
       Experience adjustments                                                                                   43                    (1)                 —                     42
    Changes that relate to future service
       Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                             (115)                159                   (34)                   10
       Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                (27)                 (34)                 61                     —
       Changes in estimates that result in losses and reversal of losses on onerous
         contacts                                                                                              (17)                  11                   —                     (6)
    Changes that relate to past service
       Changes in amounts recoverable arising from changes in liability for
         incurred claims                                                                                        25                   —                    —                     25
    Net expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                    (91)                 (41)               (104)                  (236)
    Net finance income from reinsurance contracts, excluding the effect of
      changes in non-performance risk of reinsurers                                                            (83)                  31                  35                    (17)




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
    Effect of movement in exchange rates                                                                       998                   33                  28               1,059
    Total changes in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Comprehensive
      Income                                                                                                   824                   23                  (41)                  806
    Cash flows
       Premiums paid                                                                                        1,462                    —                    —               1,462
       Incurred claims received and other insurance service amounts received                                (1,918)                  —                    —               (1,918)
       Other cash flows 1                                                                                      510                   —                    —                    510
    Total cash flows                                                                                            54                   —                    —                    54
    Other movements 2                                                                                         (484)                  —                    —                   (484)
    Net closing balance                                                                         $          14,156 $              1,752 $             1,072 $             16,980
    Recorded in:
    Closing assets                                                                              $          16,644 $                731 $                344 $            17,719
    Closing liabilities                                                                                     (2,488)              1,021                  728                   (739)
    Net closing balance                                                                         $          14,156 $              1,752 $             1,072 $             16,980

1     Other cash flows includes premiums to be settled via FCB, claims to be settled via FCB, and net settlements.
2     Other movements represent changes in the expected fulfillment cash flows on certain reinsurance contracts held where the Company has no continuing involvement
      other than exposure to the remote insolvency risk of the reinsurer. This movement is offset by movement in associated reinsurance assets.




180      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              67

                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                 B  167
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (c)    CSM by Transition Approach
                                                                                                                                                                    2025                         2024
                                  Reinsurance contracts held
                                    Reinsurance contracts held under fair value approach
                                    CSM balance, beginning of year                                                                                        $                   1,021 $                       1,106
                                    Change related to current service provided
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                                   (123)                        (124)
                                    Changes that relate to future service
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                                                     2                        (24)
                                    Total changes in insurance service result                                                                                                   (121)                        (148)
                                    Net finance expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                                                 41                          63
                                    Total change                                                                                                                                    (80)                       (85)
                                  CSM balance, end of year                                                                                                $                     941 $                       1,021


                                    Other reinsurance contracts held
                                    CSM balance, beginning of year                                                                                        $                         51 $                         7
                                    Change related to current service provided
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                                                                                                        (2)                        (7)
                                    Changes that relate to future service
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                                                                                                 (22)                       (34)
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                                                                                                   (96)                        85
                                    Total changes in insurance service result                                                                                                   (120)                           44




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Net finance expenses from reinsurance contracts                                                                                                  (5)                        —
                                    Total change                                                                                                                                (125)                           44
                                  CSM balance, end of year                                                                                                $                         (74) $                      51
                                  Net CSM balance, end of year                                                                                            $                     867 $                       1,072

                                  (d) Effect on Measurement Components of Contracts Initially Recognized in the Year
                                  Reinsurance contracts held                                                                                                        2025                             2024
                                  Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                             $                   3,332 $                       3,522
                                  Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                                                  (3,226)                       (3,407)
                                  Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                                        (138)                        (159)
                                  Income recognized on initial recognition                                                                                                          10                          10
                                  CSM                                                                                                                     $                         22 $                        34

                                  The Company did not acquire any reinsurance contracts held through transfer or business combination.
                                  (e) Expected Remaining CSM Recognition
                                                                                                                            Reinsurance contracts held
                                                                                      1 year or                                                                                       Over
                                                                                         less      1-2 years    2-3 years      3-4 years        4-5 years        5-10 years          10 years           Total
                                  2025                                            $        (107) $       (94) $       (82) $             (71) $           (60) $            (210) $          (243) $         (867)
                                  2024                                                     (122)        (109)         (97)               (86)             (76)              (262)            (320)          (1,072)




                                                                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report         181

                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                       68

                                        B  168                                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


16. Investment Contract Liabilities

Change in Investment Contract Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
                                                                                                                        2025                      2024
Balance, beginning of year                                                                                     $               90,157 $                  88,919
      Normal change in force business                                                                                           (1,870)                   (8,469)
      Investment experience                                                                                                      5,020                     2,932
      Management action and changes in assumptions                                                                                 (16)                        —
      Impact of foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                   (4,249)                   6,775
Balance, end of year                                                                                           $               89,042 $                  90,157

All investment contract liabilities are measured at FVTPL.

17. Segregated Funds and Other Structured Entities
The Company offers segregated fund products in Canada, the U.S. and Europe that are referred to as segregated funds, separate
accounts and unit-linked funds in the respective region. These funds are contracts issued by insurers to segregated fund
policyholders where the benefit is directly linked to the performance of the investments, the risks or rewards of the fair value
movements and net investment income is realized by the segregated fund policyholders. The segregated fund policyholders are
required to select segregated funds that hold a range of underlying investments. While the Company has legal title to the
investments, there is a contractual obligation to pass along the investment results to the segregated fund policyholder and the
Company segregates these investments from those of the Company.
In Canada and the U.S., the segregated fund and separate account assets are legally separated from the general assets of the




                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Company under the terms of the policyholder agreement and cannot be used to settle obligations of the Company. In Europe,
the assets of the funds are functionally and constructively segregated from those of the Company. As a result of the legal and
constructive arrangements of these funds, the assets of these funds are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
investments on account of segregated fund policyholders and the associated liabilities as investment contracts on account of
segregated fund policyholders and insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders.
In circumstances where the segregated funds are invested in structured entities and are deemed to control the entity, the
Company has presented the non-controlling ownership interest within the segregated funds for the risk of policyholders as
equal and offsetting amounts in the assets and liabilities. The amounts presented within are $6,708 at December 31, 2025
($6,082 at December 31, 2024).
Within the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, all segregated fund policyholders’ income, including fair value changes and
net investment income, is credited to the segregated fund policyholders and reflected in the assets and liabilities on account of
segregated fund policyholders within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These revenues and expenses are presented in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings where the contracts with the segregated fund policyholders are classified as insurance
contracts.
Segregated Funds Guarantee Exposure
The Company offers retail segregated fund products, unitized with profits (UWP) products and variable annuity products that
provide for certain guarantees that are tied to the market values of the investment funds. While these products are similar to
mutual funds, there is a key difference from mutual funds as the segregated funds have certain guarantee features that protect
the segregated fund policyholder from market declines in the underlying investments. These guarantees are the Company’s
primary exposure on these funds. The Company accounts for these guarantees within insurance and investment contract
liabilities within the consolidated financial statements. In addition to the Company’s exposure on the guarantees, the fees
earned by the Company on these products are impacted by the market value of these funds.
In Canada, the Company offers retail segregated fund products through Canada Life. These products provide guaranteed
minimum death benefits (GMDB) and guaranteed minimum accumulation on maturity benefits.
In the U.S., the Company has a mix of open and closed blocks of group variable annuities with guaranteed minimum
withdrawal benefits (GMWB) and a closed block of group standalone GMDB products which mainly provide return of
premium on death. The GMWB portfolio has been reinsured by a third party.
In Europe, the Company offers UWP products in Germany and unit-linked products with investment guarantees in Ireland.
These products are similar to segregated fund products but include minimum credited interest rates and pooling of
policyholders' funds.

182     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            69

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  169
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Company also offers a GMWB product in the U.S., and Germany, and previously offered a GMWB product in Canada and
                                  Ireland. Certain GMWB products offered by the Company offer levels of death and maturity guarantees. At December 31, 2025,
                                  the amount of GMWB product in-force in Canada, the U.S., Ireland and Germany was $7,084 ($7,538 at December 31, 2024).
                                  The following presents further details of the investments, determined in accordance with the relevant statutory reporting
                                  requirements of each region of the Company's operations, on account of segregated fund policyholders:
                                  (a) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                             2025                      2024
                                      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    $                  20,297 $                 18,895
                                      Bonds                                                                                                                                           76,080                   74,444
                                      Mortgage loans                                                                                                                                   2,142                    2,083
                                      Stocks and units in unit trusts                                                                                                                176,933                154,439
                                      Mutual funds                                                                                                                                   262,239                232,073
                                      Investment properties                                                                                                                           11,050                   11,317
                                                                                                                                                                                     548,741                493,251
                                      Accrued income                                                                                                                                    986                        882
                                      Other liabilities                                                                                                                               (5,266)                  (3,829)
                                      Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                            6,708                    6,082
                                      Total 1, 2                                                                                                                   $                 551,169 $              496,386

                                  1     At December 31, 2025, $58,675 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders are reinsured by the Company on a modified coinsurance basis ($65,315 at
                                        December 31, 2024). Included in this amount are $598 of cash and cash equivalents, $9,666 of bonds, $16 of stocks and units in unit trusts, $48,364 of mutual funds, $78 of
                                        accrued income and $(47) of other liabilities.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  2     At December 31, 2025, $2,787 of investments on account of segregated fund policyholders on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets are expected to be transferred
                                        to Countrywide in 2026 ($2,750 as at December 31, 2024) (note 3). Included in this amount are $93 of cash and cash equivalents, $2,718 of stocks and units in unit trusts
                                        and $(24) of other liabilities.

                                  (b) Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                                                             2025                      2024
                                      Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                              $                  70,418 $                 66,343
                                      Investment contracts on account of segregated fund policyholders                                                                               480,751                430,043
                                                                                                                                                                   $                 551,169 $              496,386

                                  (c)       Insurance Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders - Effect on Measurement
                                            Components of Contracts Initially Recognized in the Year
                                      Segregated funds                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                                              Profitable                  Onerous
                                                                                                                                           contracts issued            contracts issued               Total

                                      Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                 $                      — $                         — $                       —
                                      Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                                 3,613                          49                     3,662
                                      Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                         3,613                          49                     3,662
                                      Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                         (3,613)                         (49)                  (3,662)
                                      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                  —                           —                         —
                                      Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                           $                      — $                         — $                       —

                                      Segregated funds                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                                                                              Profitable                  Onerous
                                                                                                                                           contracts issued            contracts issued                Total
                                      Insurance acquisition cash flows                                                                 $                      — $                         — $                       —
                                      Claims and other insurance service expenses payable                                                                 3,938                           —                     3,938
                                      Estimates of present value of cash outflows                                                                         3,938                           —                     3,938
                                      Estimates of present value of cash inflows                                                                         (3,938)                          —                    (3,938)
                                      Risk adjustment for non-financial risk                                                                                  —                           —                         —
                                      Total losses (gains) recognized on initial recognition                                           $                      — $                         — $                       —


                                                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report    183

                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                 70

                                          B  170                                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(d) Changes in Insurance and Investment Contracts on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders
                                                                                                                                        2025                      2024
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                 $             496,386 $                  422,956
      Additions (deductions):
            Policyholder deposits                                                                                                              64,200                     64,353
            Net investment income                                                                                                              10,363                      9,653
            Net realized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                                 22,559                     13,113
            Net unrealized capital gains (losses) on investments                                                                               19,433                     30,777
            Unrealized gains (losses) due to changes in foreign exchange rates                                                                    (153)                   21,161
            Policyholder withdrawals                                                                                                          (62,276)                  (65,662)
            Change in segregated fund investment in general fund                                                                                    18                           5
            Change in general fund investment in segregated fund                                                                                     (1)                         1
            Net transfer from (to) general fund                                                                                                     14                         17
            Non-controlling mutual funds interest                                                                                                  626                         12
    Total                                                                                                                                      54,783                     73,430
    Balance, end of year                                                                                                       $             551,169 $                  496,386

(e) Investments on Account of Segregated Fund Policyholders by Fair Value Hierarchy Level
                                                                                                                            2025
                                                                                          Level 1            Level 2                   Level 3                    Total
    Investments on account of segregated fund




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      policyholders 1                                                             $            402,281 $            139,230 $                    14,013 $                555,524

1    Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $4,355.

                                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                          Level 1             Level 2                  Level 3                    Total

    Investments on account of segregated fund
       policyholders 1                                                            $            348,889 $            136,947 $                    13,354 $                499,190

1    Excludes other liabilities, net of other assets, of $2,804.

During 2025, certain foreign stock holdings valued at $2,779 have been transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 ($1,624 were
transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 at December 31, 2024) primarily based on the Company's change in use of inputs in addition
to quoted prices in active markets for certain foreign stock holdings. Level 2 assets include those assets where fair value is not
available from normal market pricing sources, where inputs are utilized in addition to quoted prices in active markets and
where the Company does not have access to the underlying asset details within an investment fund.
As at December 31, 2025, $6,315 ($4,061 at December 31, 2024) of the segregated funds were invested in funds managed by
related parties IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments, members of the Power Corporation group of companies
(note 28).
The following presents additional information about the Company's investments on account of segregated fund policyholders
for which the Company has utilized Level 3 inputs to determine fair value:

                                                                                                                                        2025                      2024
    Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                 $               13,354 $                   13,792
    Total gains (losses) included in segregated fund investment income                                                                            (450)                     (758)
    Purchases                                                                                                                                    2,067                     1,130
    Sales                                                                                                                                        (1,066)                    (872)
    Transfers into Level 3                                                                                                                         135                         97
    Transfers out of Level 3                                                                                                                        (27)                       (35)
    Balance, end of year                                                                                                       $               14,013 $                   13,354

Transfers into Level 3 are due primarily to decreased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies. Transfers out of Level
3 are due primarily to increased observability of inputs in valuation methodologies as evidenced by corroboration of market
prices with multiple pricing vendors.

184         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              71

                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               B  171
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (f)    Other Structured Entities
                                  In addition to the segregated funds, the Company has interests in a number of structured unconsolidated entities including
                                  mutual funds, open-ended investment companies, and unit trusts. These entities are created as investment strategies for its
                                  unit-holders based on the directive of each individual fund.
                                  Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of the Company, who are paid sub-advisory fees at normal market rates
                                  for their services.
                                  The Company earns management fees related to managing the segregated fund products. Management fees can be variable
                                  due to performance of factors, such as markets or industries, in which the fund invests. Fee income derived in connection with
                                  the management of investment funds generally increases or decreases in direct relationship with changes of assets under
                                  management which is affected by prevailing market conditions, and the inflow and outflow of client assets.
                                  Factors that could cause assets under management and fees to decrease include declines in equity markets, changes in fixed
                                  income markets, changes in interest rates and defaults, redemptions and other withdrawals, political and other economic risks,
                                  changing investment trends and relative investment performance. The risk is that fees may vary but expenses and recovery of
                                  initial expenses are relatively fixed, and market conditions may cause a shift in asset mix potentially resulting in a change in
                                  revenue.
                                  During 2025, fee and other income earned by the Company resulting from the Company’s interests in segregated funds and
                                  other structured entities was $5,115 ($4,820 during 2024).
                                  Included within other assets (note 11) at December 31, 2025 is $3,832 ($3,540 at December 31, 2024) of investments by the
                                  Company in bonds and stocks of consolidated Empower CLOs and other sponsored funds and $163 ($161 at December 31,
                                  2024) of investments in stocks of sponsored unit trusts in Europe.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




                                                                                                                                         Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   185

                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               72

                                        B  172                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18. Debentures and Other Debt Instruments

                                                                                                        2025                                 2024
                                                                                             Carrying             Fair            Carrying               Fair
                                                                                              value              value             value                value
    Short-term
      Commercial paper and other short-term debt instruments with interest rates
         3.921% to 4.204% (4.930% at December 31, 2024), unsecured                       $           273 $               273 $             144 $                144
    Total short-term                                                                                 273                 273               144                  144
    Long-term
    Operating:
       Mortgage on investment property, due January 1, 2029 (U.S. $39) with interest
         of 4.51%                                                                                      51                51                  54                  54
    Capital:
      Lifeco
         6.74% Debentures due November 24, 2031, unsecured                                           197                230               197                231
         6.67% Debentures due March 21, 2033, unsecured                                              397                465               396                467
         5.998% Debentures due November 16, 2039, unsecured                                          343                385               343                396
         4.70% Senior bonds due November 16, 2029, unsecured, (€500) 1                               802                855               742                806
         3.337% Debentures due February 28, 2028, unsecured                                          499                503               499                498
         2.981% Debentures due July 8, 2050, unsecured                                               494                363               494                378
         2.379% Debentures due May 14, 2030, unsecured                                               598                581               598                563
         1.75% Senior bonds due December 7, 2026, unsecured, (€500) 1                                805                796               743                731
                                                                                                   4,135              4,178             4,012              4,070
      Canada Life




                                                                                                                                                                       PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        6.40% Subordinated debentures due December 11, 2028, unsecured                               100                 109               100                  110
      Canada Life Capital Trust (CLCT)
        7.529% due June 30, 2052, unsecured, face value $150                                         154                 177               155                  179
      Great-West Lifeco Finance 2018, LP
         4.581% Senior notes due May 17, 2048, unsecured, (U.S. $500)                                679                 591               714                  603
         4.047% Senior notes due May 17, 2028, unsecured, (U.S. $300)                                411                 411               431                  417
                                                                                                   1,090              1,002             1,145              1,020
      Great-West Lifeco Finance (Delaware) LP
        4.15% Senior notes due June 3, 2047, unsecured, (U.S. $700)                                  946                 777               993                  797
      Great-West Lifeco U.S. Finance 2020, LP
        0.904% Senior notes due August 12, 2025, unsecured, (U.S. $500)                                 —                 —                719                  703
      Empower Finance 2020, LP
         3.075% Senior notes due September 17, 2051, unsecured, (U.S. $700)                          950                 618               998                  633
         1.776% Senior notes due March 17, 2031, unsecured, (U.S. $400)                              546                 488               574                  471
         1.357% Senior notes due September 17, 2027, unsecured, (U.S. $400)                          547                525               575                523
                                                                                                   2,043              1,631             2,147              1,627
    Total long-term                                                                                8,519              7,925             9,325              8,560
    Total                                                                                $         8,792 $            8,198 $           9,469 $            8,704

1    Designated as hedges of the net investment in foreign operations.

On August 12, 2025, Great-West Lifeco U.S. Finance 2020, LP, a subsidiary of the Company, repaid the principal amount of its
maturing 0.904% U.S. $500 senior notes, together with accrued interest.
Capital Trust Securities
CLCT, a trust established by Canada Life, had issued $150 of Canada Life Capital Securities - Series B (CLiCS - Series B), the
proceeds of which were used by CLCT to purchase Canada Life senior debentures in the amount of $150.
Distributions and interest on the capital trust securities are classified as financing costs in the Consolidated Statements of
Earnings (note 19). The fair value for capital trust securities is determined by the bid-ask price. Refer to note 7 for risk
management.
Subject to regulatory approval, CLCT may redeem the CLiCS - Series B, in whole or in part, at any time.



186     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              73

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    B  173
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  19. Financing Costs
                                  Financing costs consist of the following:

                                                                                                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                      Operating charges:
                                         Interest on operating lines and short-term debt instruments                                                                $                      9 $                        9


                                      Financial charges:
                                         Interest on long-term debentures and other debt instruments                                                                                    307                         302
                                         Interest on limited recourse capital notes 1                                                                                                     27                        54
                                         Interest on capital trust securities                                                                                                             11                        11
                                         Other                                                                                                                                            25                        26
                                                                                                                                                                                        370                         393
                                      Total                                                                                                                         $                   379 $                       402

                                  1     Beginning in the third quarter of 2025, interest on limited recourse capital note is recognized as a deduction to equity when incurred.

                                  20. Other Liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                      Pension and other post-employment benefits (note 26)                                                                          $                   473 $                       497
                                      Lease liabilities                                                                                                                                 344                         380




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                      Bank overdraft                                                                                                                                    375                         379
                                      Deferred income reserves                                                                                                                          284                         264
                                      Collateralized loan obligation liabilities                                                                                                       3,904                    3,791
                                      Other                                                                                                                                            5,051                    4,919
                                      Total                                                                                                                         $                 10,431 $                 10,230

                                  Total other liabilities of $5,426 ($5,298 at December 31, 2024) are expected to be derecognized within 12 months from the
                                  reporting date. This amount excludes deferred income reserves, the changes in which are noted below.
                                  Deferred Income Reserves
                                                                                                                                                                              2025                      2024
                                      Balance, beginning of year                                                                                                    $                   264 $                       256
                                      Additions                                                                                                                                           78                        63
                                      Amortization                                                                                                                                       (57)                       (53)
                                      Changes in foreign exchange                                                                                                                         13                        12
                                      Disposals                                                                                                                                          (14)                       (14)
                                      Balance, end of year                                                                                                          $                   284 $                       264


                                  21. Non-Controlling Interests
                                  The Company has a controlling equity interest in Canada Life and Empower at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.
                                  Non-controlling interests attributable to participating account surplus is the proportion of the equity attributable to the
                                  participating account of the Company's subsidiaries.
                                  Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries also include non-controlling interests for the issued and outstanding shares of
                                  PanAgora Asset Management (PanAgora) held by employees.




                                                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report    187

                                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                 74

                                          B  174                                                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(a) Non-Controlling Interests Recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Other
    Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                                                   2025                      2024
Net earnings attributable to participating account
      Canada Life                                                                                                         $                    42 $                       107
      Empower                                                                                                                                   (1)                        (1)
Net earnings (loss) - participating account                                                                                                    41                         106
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                                      —                           (3)
Total                                                                                                                     $                    41 $                       103

The Company paid $2,106 of participating policyholder dividends for the year ended December 31, 2025 ($1,901 for the year
ended December 31, 2024).
The non-controlling interests recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $(6)
($94 for the year ended December 31, 2024).
(b) Carrying Value of Non-Controlling Interests
                                                                                                                                   2025                      2024
Participating account surplus in subsidiaries:
      Canada Life                                                                                                         $                3,082 $                   3,043
      Empower                                                                                                                                   (3)                        (2)
Total                                                                                                                     $                3,079 $                   3,041
Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                                                                                 $                    67 $                       72




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
22. Share Capital

(a) Limited Recourse Capital Notes
                                                                                                            2025                                      2024
Limited recourse capital notes Earliest redemption date Interest rate Carrying value                               Fair value         Carrying value         Fair value
      Series 1                                      November 30, 2026                 3.60 % $         1,500 $              1,419 $             1,500 $              1,346

On August 16, 2021, the Company issued $1,500 aggregate principal amount 3.60% Limited Recourse Capital Notes Series 1
(Subordinated Indebtedness) at par, maturing on December 31, 2081 (LRCN Series 1). The LRCN Series 1 bear interest at a
fixed rate of 3.60% per annum payable semi-annually, up to but excluding December 31, 2026. On December 31, 2026 and every
five years thereafter until and including December 31, 2076, the interest rate on the LRCN Series 1 will be reset at an interest
rate equal to the five-year Government of Canada Yield, plus 2.641%. Commencing November 30, 2026, the Company will have
the option to redeem the LRCN Series 1 every five years during the period from November 30 to December 31, in whole or in
part at par, together in each case with accrued and unpaid interest.
Non-payment of interest or principal when due on the LRCN Series 1 will result in a recourse event, with the noteholders’ sole
remedy being receipt of their proportionate share of Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares, Series U (Series
U Preferred Shares) held in a newly formed consolidated trust (Limited Recourse Trust). All claims of the holders of LRCN
Series 1 against the Company will be extinguished upon receipt of the corresponding trust assets. The Series U Preferred Shares
are eliminated on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets while being held within the Limited Recourse Trust.




188     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              75

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              B  175
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (b) Preferred and Common Shares
                                  Authorized
                                  Unlimited First Preferred Shares, Class A Preferred Shares and Second Preferred Shares
                                  Unlimited Common Shares
                                  Issued and outstanding and fully paid
                                                                                                        2025                                                  2024
                                                                                                                    Carrying                                             Carrying
                                                                                              Number                 value                      Number                    value
                                  First Preferred Shares
                                    Series G, 5.20% Non-Cumulative                             12,000,000 $                      300               12,000,000 $                        300
                                    Series H, 4.85% Non-Cumulative                             12,000,000                        300               12,000,000                          300
                                    Series I, 4.50% Non-Cumulative                             12,000,000                        300               12,000,000                         300
                                    Series L, 5.65% Non-Cumulative                              6,800,000                        170                6,800,000                         170
                                    Series M, 5.80% Non-Cumulative                              6,000,000                        150                6,000,000                         150
                                    Series N, 1.749% Non-Cumulative Rate Reset                 10,000,000                        250               10,000,000                         250
                                    Series P, 5.40% Non-Cumulative                             10,000,000                        250               10,000,000                         250
                                    Series Q, 5.15% Non-Cumulative                              8,000,000                        200                8,000,000                         200
                                    Series R, 4.80% Non-Cumulative                              8,000,000                        200                8,000,000                         200
                                    Series S, 5.25% Non-Cumulative                              8,000,000                        200                8,000,000                         200
                                    Series T, 5.15% Non-Cumulative                              8,000,000                        200                8,000,000                         200
                                    Series Y, 4.50% Non-Cumulative                              8,000,000                        200                8,000,000                         200




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Series Z, 5.70% Non-Cumulative                              8,000,000                        200                       —                           —
                                  Total                                                       116,800,000 $                    2,920              108,800,000 $                     2,720
                                  Common shares
                                    Balance, beginning of year                                932,107,643 $                    6,071              932,427,987 $                     6,000
                                       Shares exercised and issued under share-based
                                         payment plans                                          2,662,377                          99                2,379,656                          88
                                       Shares purchased and cancelled under normal course
                                         issuer bid                                            (28,438,145)                   (1,625)               (2,700,000)                        (114)
                                      Excess of redemption proceeds over stated capital per
                                        normal course issuer bid                                       —                       1,438                       —                           97
                                    Balance, end of year                                      906,331,875 $                    5,983              932,107,643 $                     6,071

                                  The Series G, 5.20% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00
                                  per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                  The Series H, 4.85% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00
                                  per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                  The Series I, 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00
                                  per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                  The Series L, 5.65% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00
                                  per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                  The Series M, 5.80% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00
                                  per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                  The Series P, 5.40% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00
                                  per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                  The Series Q, 5.15% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00
                                  per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                  The Series R, 4.80% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are currently redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00
                                  per share, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
                                  The Series S, 5.25% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share,
                                  together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.


                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     189

                                                                                                              Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               76

                                      B  176                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


The Series T, 5.15% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company for $25.00 per share
plus a premium if redeemed prior to June 30, 2026, together with all declared and unpaid dividends up to but excluding the
date of redemption.
The Series Y, 4.50% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after December
31, 2026 for $25.00 per share plus a premium if redeemed prior to December 31, 2030, together with all declared and unpaid
dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
Series Z, 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares
On September 24, 2025, the Company issued 8,000,000, 5.70% Non-Cumulative First Preferred Shares, Series Z at $25.00 per
share for gross proceeds of $200. The shares are redeemable at the option of the Company on or after September 30, 2030 for
$25.00 plus a premium if redeemed prior to September 30, 2034, in each case together with all declared and unpaid dividends
up to but excluding the date of redemption. Transaction costs incurred in connection with the preferred share issue of $5 ($4
after-tax) were charged to accumulated surplus.
Series N, Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares
On November 13, 2025, the Company announced that it did not intend to exercise its rights to redeem the 10,000,000 then
outstanding Series N, Non-Cumulative 5-Year Rate Reset First Preferred Shares (Series N Shares). As a result and subject to
certain conditions set out in the terms and conditions attached to the shares, holders of Series N Shares had the right to convert
all or any of their Series N Shares into Series O, Non-Cumulative Floating Rate First Preferred Shares (Series O Shares) on a
one-for-one basis on December 31, 2025.
On December 17, 2025, the Company announced that holders of 6,425 Series N Shares elected to convert their shares into
Series O Shares. After taking into account all shares tendered for conversion, there would be less than 1,000,000 Series O Shares
outstanding on December 31, 2025. As a result and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the shares, no Series N
Shares were converted into Series O Shares. The Series N Shares carry an annual fixed non-cumulative dividend rate of 4.090%




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
up to but excluding December 31, 2030 (1.749% up to but excluding December 31, 2025) and are redeemable at the option of
the Company on December 31, 2030 and on December 31 every five years thereafter for $25.00 per share plus all declared and
unpaid dividends up to but excluding the date of redemption.
Normal Course Issuer Bid
On January 2, 2025, the Company announced the renewal of its normal course issuer bid (NCIB) for the period commencing
January 6, 2025 and ending January 5, 2026 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common
shares at market prices. On September 3, 2025, the Company announced an amendment to its 2025 NCIB to increase the
maximum number of common shares that may be repurchased to 40,000,000. In addition, the Toronto Stock Exchange
approved an amendment that permitted the Company to purchase its shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of
its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in connection with the 2025 NCIB, in order for PFC to approximately maintain
its proportionate percentage ownership in the Company. The NCIB amendments became effective on September 5, 2025.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 28,438,145 common shares
under the 2025 NCIB at a cost of $1,625 (2,700,000 common shares at a cost of $114 for the year ended December 31, 2024,
under the previous NCIB). The Company’s share capital was reduced by the average carrying value of the shares repurchased
for cancellation. The excess paid over the average carrying value, including associated taxes and other related fees, was $1,466
and was recognized as a reduction to accumulated surplus for the year ended December 31, 2025 ($97 for the year ended
December 31, 2024, under the previous NCIB).
On January 2, 2026, the Company announced the renewal of its NCIB commencing January 6, 2026 and terminating January 5,
2027 to purchase for cancellation up to but not more than 20,000,000 of its common shares at market prices. The renewed NCIB
continues to permit the Company to purchase its shares from PFC in order for PFC to approximately maintain its proportionate
percentage ownership in the Company.




190   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            77

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  177
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  23. Earnings Per Common Share
                                  The following provides the reconciliation between basic and diluted earnings per common share:

                                                                                                                                                           2025                      2024
                                  Earnings
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations before preferred share dividends and other equity distributions        $                 4,120 $                   4,141
                                  Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                                                                          (160)                        (130)
                                  Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                          3,960                     4,011
                                  Net loss from discontinued operations                                                                                                —                         (115)
                                  Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                                             $—                     —                          44
                                  Net earnings - common shareholders                                                                             $                 3,960 $                   3,940


                                  Number of common shares
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding                                                                              924,036,871              932,083,891
                                  Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options                                                                        4,731,435                3,036,627
                                  Average number of common shares outstanding - diluted basis                                                              928,768,306              935,120,518


                                  Basic earnings per common share                                                                                $                  4.29 $                       4.23


                                  Diluted earnings per common share                                                                              $                  4.26 $                       4.21


                                  Basic earnings per common share from continuing operations                                                     $                  4.29 $                       4.30




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations                                                   $                  4.26 $                       4.29


                                  Dividends per common share                                                                                     $                 2.440 $                   2.220

                                  24. Capital Management

                                  (a) Policies and Objectives
                                  Managing capital is the continual process of establishing and maintaining the quantity and quality of capital appropriate for
                                  the Company and ensuring capital is deployed in a manner consistent with the expectations of the Company’s stakeholders.
                                  For these purposes, the Board considers the key stakeholders to be the Company’s shareholders, policyholders and holders of
                                  subordinated liabilities in addition to the relevant regulators in the various jurisdictions where the Company and its
                                  subsidiaries operate.
                                  The Company manages its capital on both a consolidated basis as well as at the individual operating subsidiary level. The
                                  primary objectives of the Company’s capital management strategy are:
                                  •   To maintain the capitalization of its regulated operating subsidiaries at a level that will exceed the relevant minimum
                                      regulatory capital requirements in the jurisdictions in which they operate;
                                  •   To maintain strong credit and financial strength ratings of the Company ensuring stable access to capital markets; and
                                  •   To provide an efficient capital structure to maximize shareholders' value in the context of the Company’s operational risks
                                      and strategic plans.
                                  The target level of capitalization for the Company and its subsidiaries is assessed by considering various factors such as the
                                  probability of falling below the minimum regulatory capital requirements in the relevant operating jurisdiction, the views
                                  expressed by various credit rating agencies that provide financial strength and other ratings to the Company, and the desire to
                                  hold sufficient capital to be able to honour all policyholder and other obligations of the Company with a high degree of
                                  confidence.
                                  Management is responsible for establishing capital management procedures for implementing and monitoring the capital
                                  plan. The capital planning process is the responsibility of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. The capital plan is approved
                                  by the Company’s Board of Directors on an annual basis. The Board of Directors reviews and approves all material capital
                                  transactions undertaken by management.


                                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     191

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  78

                                      B  178                                                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(b) Regulatory Capital
In Canada, OSFI has established a regulatory capital adequacy measurement for life insurance companies incorporated under
the Insurance Companies Act (Canada) and their subsidiaries.
The Life Insurance Capital Adequacy Test (LICAT) Ratio compares the regulatory capital resources of a company to its required
capital, defined by OSFI, as the aggregate of all defined capital requirements. The total capital resources are provided by the
sum of Available Capital, Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits.
The following provides a summary of the LICAT information and ratio for Canada Life:

                                                                                                                        2025                      2024
    Tier 1 Capital                                                                                             $            21,061       $             20,142
    Tier 2 Capital                                                                                                            7,667                     5,253
    Total Available Capital                                                                                                 28,728                     25,395
    Surplus Allowance and Eligible Deposits                                                                                   5,155                     5,130
    Total Capital Resources                                                                                    $            33,883       $             30,525
    Required Capital                                                                                           $            26,541       $             23,516
    Total LICAT Ratio (OSFI Supervisory Target = 100%) 1                                                                        128 %                     130 %

1    Total Ratio (%) = (Total Capital Resources / Required Capital)

For entities based in Europe, the local solvency capital regime is the Solvency II/UK basis. At December 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, all European regulated entities met the capital and solvency requirements as prescribed under Solvency II/
UK.




                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Empower is subject to the risk-based capital regulatory regime in the U.S. Other foreign operations and foreign subsidiaries of
the Company are required to comply with local capital or solvency requirements in their respective jurisdictions. At December
31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company maintained capital levels above the minimum local regulatory requirements in
each of its foreign operations.

25. Share-Based Payments

(a) Stock Option Plan
The Company has a stock option plan (the Plan) pursuant to which options to subscribe for common shares of Lifeco may be
granted to certain officers and employees of Lifeco and its affiliates. The Company’s Human Resources Committee (the
Committee) administers the Plan and, subject to the specific provisions of the Plan, fixes the terms and conditions upon which
options are granted. The exercise price of each option granted under the Plan is fixed by the Committee, but cannot under any
circumstances be less than the weighted average trading price per Lifeco common share on the Toronto Stock Exchange for the
five trading days preceding the date of the grant. Options granted prior to January 1, 2019 vested over a period of five years.
Options granted on or after January 1, 2019 vest 50% three years after the grant date and 50% four years after the grant date.
Options have a maximum exercise period of ten years from the grant date. Termination of employment may, in certain
circumstances, result in forfeiture of the options, unless otherwise determined by the Committee. In 2025, the maximum
number of Lifeco common shares issuable under the Plan was 81,000,000 (72,500,000 in 2024).
During 2025, 2,380,098 common share options were granted (2,673,400 during 2024). The weighted average fair value of
common share options granted during 2025 was $7.32 per option ($5.43 in 2024). The fair value of each common share option
was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions used for those
options granted in 2025: dividend yield 4.59% (5.26% in 2024), expected volatility 19.84% (19.08% in 2024), risk-free interest rate
2.85% (3.43% in 2024), and expected life of eight years (eight years in 2024).




192     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements             79

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  179
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The following summarizes the changes in options outstanding and the weighted average exercise price:

                                                                                                              2025                                                       2024
                                                                                                                     Weighted average                                          Weighted average
                                                                                                  Options             exercise price                      Options               exercise price
                                  Outstanding, beginning of year                                     15,591,082 $                       36.03                15,564,488 $                    34.63
                                    Granted                                                           2,380,098                         53.17                 2,673,400                      42.24
                                    Exercised                                                        (2,662,377)                        34.16                (2,379,656)                     33.83
                                    Forfeited/expired                                                  (545,400)                        38.22                      (267,150)                 36.27
                                  Outstanding, end of year                                           14,763,403 $                       39.05                15,591,082 $                    36.03
                                  Options exercisable at end of year                                  6,202,955 $                       33.35                 6,987,132 $                    32.99

                                  The weighted average share price at the date of exercise of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $56.74
                                  ($45.37 in 2024).
                                  Compensation expense due to the Plan transactions accounted for as equity-settled share-based payments of $12 after-tax in
                                  2025 ($12 after-tax in 2024) has been recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  The following summarizes information on the ranges of exercise prices including weighted average remaining contractual life
                                  at December 31, 2025:

                                                                             Outstanding                                                  Exercisable
                                                                              Weighted
                                                                               average              Weighted                                            Weighted
                                        Exercise price                        remaining             average                                             average
                                           ranges            Options        contractual life      exercise price               Options                exercise price                Expiry




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  $32.10 - $35.17                208,271                 0.19 $             34.55                     208,271 $                       34.55                     2026
                                  $30.28 - $36.87                512,900                 1.24 $             36.01                     512,900 $                       36.01                     2027
                                  $30.28 - $34.21                615,850                 2.21 $             33.87                     615,850 $                       33.87                     2028
                                  $30.28 - $32.50               1,573,700                3.20 $             30.86                   1,573,700 $                       30.86                     2029
                                  $32.10 - $32.22                953,800                 4.16 $             32.22                     953,800 $                       32.22                     2030
                                  $32.10 - $37.02               1,438,150                5.16 $             32.15                   1,438,150 $                       32.15                     2031
                                  $31.59 - $38.71               1,925,134                6.16 $             38.68                     900,284 $                       38.64                     2032
                                  $36.69 - $38.87               2,649,100                7.16 $             36.83                             — $                        —                      2033
                                  $42.22 - $42.87               2,506,400                8.16 $             42.25                             — $                        —                      2034
                                  $51.51 - $55.17               2,380,098                9.21 $             53.17                             — $                        —                      2035

                                  (b) Deferred Share Unit Plans
                                  The Company and certain of its subsidiaries have Deferred Share Units (DSUs) in which the Directors and certain employees of
                                  the Company are entitled to participate. The qualified Directors must receive part of their annual Board retainer in DSUs. The
                                  Directors can choose the remainder compensations to be paid in a combination of cash and DSUs. The qualified employees
                                  may elect to receive DSUs as settlement of their annual incentive plan or PSU plan. All participants receive additional DSUs for
                                  dividends payable on the Company's common shares based on the value of a DSU at the dividend payment date. DSUs are
                                  redeemable when an individual ceases to be a Director, or as applicable, an officer, or employee of the Company or any of its
                                  affiliates by a lump sum cash payment, based on the weighted average trading price per Lifeco common share on the TSX for
                                  the last five trading days preceding the date of redemption. In 2025, the Company recognized compensation expense of $27
                                  ($20 in 2024) for the DSU Plan recorded in operating and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  At December 31, 2025, the carrying value of the DSU liability is $247 ($190 in 2024) recorded within other liabilities.
                                  (c)     Performance Share Unit Plan
                                  Certain employees of the Company are entitled to receive Performance Share Units (PSUs). Under the PSU Plan, these
                                  employees are granted PSUs equivalent to the Company’s common shares vesting over a three-year period. Employees receive
                                  additional PSUs in respect of dividends payable on the common shares based on the value of a PSU at that time. At the maturity
                                  date, employees receive cash representing the value of the PSU at this date. The Company uses the fair-value based method to
                                  account for the PSUs granted to employees under the plan. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recognized
                                  compensation expense, excluding the impact of hedging, of $360 ($179 in 2024) for the PSU Plan recorded in operating and
                                  administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. At December 31, 2025, the carrying value of the PSU
                                  liability is $571 ($324 in 2024) recorded within other liabilities.


                                                                                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     193

                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                 80

                                        B  180                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(d) Employee Share Ownership Plan
The Company's Employee Share Ownership Plan (ESOP) is a voluntary plan where eligible employees can contribute up to 5%
of their previous year’s eligible earnings to purchase common shares of Lifeco. The Company matches 50% of the total
employee contributions. The contributions from the Company vest immediately and are expensed. For the year ended
December 31, 2025, the Company recognized compensation expense of $15 ($14 in 2024) for the ESOP recorded in operating
and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(e) PanAgora Management Equity Plan
Certain employees of PanAgora, a subsidiary of Empower, are eligible to participate in the PanAgora Management Equity Plan
under which Class C Shares of PanAgora and options and stock appreciation rights on Class C Shares of PanAgora may be
issued. Holders of PanAgora Class C Shares are not entitled to vote and have no rights to convert their shares into any other
securities. The number of PanAgora Class C Shares may not exceed 20% of the equity of PanAgora on a fully exercised and
converted basis.
Compensation expense recorded for the year ended December 31, 2025 related to restricted Class C Shares and stock
appreciation rights was $11 ($14 in 2024) and is included as a component of operating and administrative expenses in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

26. Pension Plans and Other Post-Employment Benefits
Characteristics, Funding and Risk
The Company’s subsidiaries maintain contributory and non-contributory defined benefit pension plans for eligible employees
and advisors. The Company’s subsidiaries also maintain defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees and
advisors.




                                                                                                                                                                  PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
The defined benefit pension plans provide pensions based on length of service and final average pay; however, these plans are
closed to new entrants. Many of the defined benefit pension plans also no longer provide future defined benefit accruals. The
Company's defined benefit plan exposure is expected to reduce in future years. Where defined benefit pension accruals
continue, active plan participants share in the cost by making contributions in respect of current service. Certain pension
payments are indexed either on an ad hoc basis or a guaranteed basis. The determination of the defined benefit obligation
reflects pension benefits in accordance with the terms of the plans. Assets supporting the funded pension plans are held in
separate trusteed pension funds. Obligations for the wholly unfunded plans are included in other liabilities and are supported
by general assets.
New hires and active plan participants in defined benefit plans closed to future defined benefit accruals are eligible for defined
contribution pension benefits. The defined contribution pension plans provide pension benefits based on accumulated
employee and employer contributions. Employer contributions to these plans are a set percentage of employees’ annual
income and may be subject to certain vesting requirements.
The Company’s subsidiaries also provide post-employment health, dental and life insurance benefits to eligible employees,
advisors and their dependents. Retirees share in the cost of benefits through deductibles, co-insurance and caps on benefits.
These plans are closed to new hires and were previously amended to limit which employees could become eligible to receive
benefits. The amount of some of the post-employment benefits other than pensions depends on future cost escalation. These
post-employment benefits are not pre-funded and the amount of the obligation for these benefits is included in other liabilities
and is supported by general assets.
The Company's subsidiaries have pension and benefit committees or a trusteed arrangement that provides oversight for the
benefit plans. The benefit plans are monitored on an ongoing basis to assess the benefit, funding and investment policies,
financial status, and funding requirements. Significant changes to a subsidiary company's benefit plans require approval from
that company's Board of Directors.
The funding policies of the Company’s subsidiaries for the funded pension plans require annual contributions equal to or
greater than those required by the applicable regulations and plan provisions that govern the funding of the plans. Where
funded plans have a net defined benefit pension plan asset, the Company determines if an economic benefit exists in the form
of potential reductions in future contributions by the Company, from the payment of expenses from the plan and in the form of
surplus refunds, where permitted by applicable regulation and plan provisions.
By their design, the defined benefit plans expose the Company to the typical risks faced by defined benefit plans such as
investment performance, changes to the discount rates used to value the obligations, longevity of plan members, and future
inflation. Pension and benefit risk is managed by regular monitoring of the plans, applicable regulations and other factors that
could impact the expenses and cash flows of the Company.


194   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                    Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            81

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   B  181
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The following reflects the financial position of the contributory and non-contributory defined benefit plans of the Company’s
                                  subsidiaries:
                                  (a) Plan Assets, Benefit Obligation and Funded Status
                                                                                                   Defined benefit                                           Other post-
                                                                                                    pension plans                                        employment benefits
                                                                                                2025                       2024                        2025                     2024
                                  Change in fair value of plan assets
                                  Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year              $          6,645 $                     6,517 $                        — $                         —
                                  Interest income                                                       297                           280                         —                           —
                                  Actual return over (less than) interest income                        (102)                           88                        —                           —
                                  Employer contributions                                                 (21)                           (8)                       19                         21
                                  Employee contributions                                                 21                             22                        —                           —
                                  Benefits paid                                                         (345)                        (304)                       (19)                        (21)
                                  Settlements                                                             (2)                          (56)                       —                           —
                                  Administrative expenses                                                 (6)                           (8)                       —                           —
                                  Net transfer in                                                         —                              1                        —                           —
                                  Foreign exchange rate changes                                         135                           113                         —                           —
                                  Fair value of plan assets, end of year                    $          6,622 $                     6,645 $                        — $                         —
                                  Change in defined benefit obligation
                                  Defined benefit obligation, beginning of year             $          6,245 $                     6,275 $                      253 $                        256
                                  Current service cost                                                   42                             44                         2                           2
                                  Interest cost                                                         280                           272                         11                         12




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Employee contributions                                                 21                             22                        —                           —
                                  Benefits paid                                                         (345)                        (304)                       (19)                        (21)
                                  Curtailments and termination benefits                                   (4)                           —                         —                           —
                                  Settlements                                                             (2)                          (58)                       —                           —
                                  Actuarial loss (gain) on financial assumption changes                 (378)                        (159)                        (1)                         —
                                  Actuarial loss (gain) on demographic assumption changes                94                              1                         9                          —
                                  Actuarial loss (gain) arising from member experience                    (2)                           42                        (4)                          3
                                  Foreign exchange rate changes                                         123                           110                         (1)                          1
                                  Defined benefit obligation, end of year                   $          6,074 $                     6,245 $                      250 $                        253
                                  Asset (liability) recognized on the Consolidated
                                    Balance Sheets
                                  Funded status of plans - surplus (deficit)                $           548 $                         400 $                     (250) $                  (253)
                                  Unrecognized amount due to asset ceiling                              (182)                        (151)                        —                           —
                                  Asset (liability) recognized on the Consolidated
                                    Balance Sheets                                          $           366 $                         249 $                     (250) $                  (253)
                                  Recorded in:
                                  Other assets (note 11)                                    $           589 $                         493 $                       — $                         —
                                  Other liabilities (note 20)                                           (223)                        (244)                      (250)                    (253)
                                  Asset (liability) recognized on the Consolidated
                                    Balance Sheets                                          $           366 $                         249 $                     (250) $                  (253)
                                  Analysis of defined benefit obligation
                                  Wholly or partly funded plans                             $          5,839 $                     6,008 $                        — $                         —
                                  Wholly unfunded plans                                     $           235 $                         237 $                     250 $                        253




                                                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report    195

                                                                                                                 Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                 82

                                      B  182                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Under IFRIC 14, The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum Funding Requirements and their Interaction, the Company
must assess whether each pension plan's asset has economic benefit to the Company through future contribution reductions,
from the payment of expenses from the plan, or surplus refunds; in the event the Company is not entitled to a benefit, a limit or
‘asset ceiling’ is required on the balance. The following provides a breakdown of the changes in the asset ceiling:

                                                                                                                                  Defined benefit pension plans
                                                                                                                                     2025                      2024
Change in asset ceiling
Asset ceiling, beginning of year                                                                                              $                 151 $                       202
Interest on asset ceiling                                                                                                                          6                          8
Change in asset ceiling                                                                                                                          16                         (63)
Foreign exchange rate changes                                                                                                                      9                          4
Asset ceiling, end of year                                                                                                    $                 182 $                       151

(b) Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefits Expense
The total pension and other post-employment benefit expense included in operating expenses and other comprehensive
income are as follows:

                                                                                                                                           Other post-
                                                                                       All pension plans                               employment benefits
                                                                                    2025                    2024                     2025                      2024
Defined benefit current service cost                                        $               63 $                        66 $                       2 $                        2
Defined contribution current service cost                                                  260                        232                        —                           —
Employee contributions                                                                      (21)                       (22)                      —                           —




                                                                                                                                                                                   PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Employer current service cost                                                              302                        276                          2                          2
Administrative expense                                                                        6                          8                       —                           —
Curtailments                                                                                 (4)                        —                        —                           —
Settlements                                                                                  —                          (2)                      —                           —
Net interest cost                                                                           (11)                        —                        11                         12
Expense - profit or loss                                                                   293                        282                        13                         14


Actuarial (gain) loss recognized                                                           (286)                     (116)                         4                          3
Return on assets (greater) less than assumed                                               101                         (88)                      —                           —
Change in the asset ceiling                                                                 16                         (63)                      —                           —
Re-measurements - other comprehensive (income) loss                                        (169)                     (267)                         4                         3
Total (income) expense including re-measurements                            $              124 $                        15 $                     17 $                       17

(c)     Asset Allocation by Major Category Weighted by Plan Assets
                                                                                                                                  Defined benefit pension plans
                                                                                                                                     2025                      2024
Equity securities                                                                                                                              35%                      37%
Debt securities                                                                                                                                56%                      54%
Real estate                                                                                                                                      5%                         6%
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                                        4%                         3%
Total                                                                                                                                         100%                     100%

No plan assets are directly invested in the Company’s or related parties’ securities. Plan assets include investments in
segregated funds and other funds managed by subsidiaries of the Company of $5,972 at December 31, 2025 and $5,971 at
December 31, 2024, of which $5,972 ($5,970 at December 31, 2024) are included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Plan
assets do not include any property occupied or other assets used by the Company.




196   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              83

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B  183
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (d) Details of Defined Benefit Obligation
                                  (i)     Portion of Defined Benefit Obligation Subject to Future Salary Increases
                                                                                                   Defined benefit                                       Other post-
                                                                                                    pension plans                                    employment benefits
                                                                                                2025                    2024                       2025                     2024
                                  Benefit obligation without future salary increases        $          5,694 $                  5,799 $                        250 $                    253
                                  Effect of assumed future salary increases                             380                       446                            —                       —
                                  Defined benefit obligation                                $          6,074 $                  6,245 $                        250 $                    253

                                  The other post-employment benefits are not subject to future salary increases.
                                  (ii) Portion of Defined Benefit Obligation Without Future Pension Increases
                                                                                                   Defined benefit                                       Other post-
                                                                                                    pension plans                                    employment benefits
                                                                                                2025                    2024                       2025                     2024
                                  Benefit obligation without future pension increases       $          5,490 $                  5,585 $                        250 $                    253
                                  Effect of assumed future pension increases                            584                       660                            —                       —
                                  Defined benefit obligation                                $          6,074 $                  6,245 $                        250 $                    253

                                  The other post-employment benefits are not subject to future pension increases.
                                  (iii) Maturity Profile of Plan Membership
                                                                                                   Defined benefit                                       Other post-




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                    pension plans                                    employment benefits
                                                                                                2025                    2024                       2025                     2024
                                  Actives                                                              33 %                      35 %                         11 %                      14 %
                                  Deferred vesteds                                                     16 %                      16 %                            n/a                     n/a
                                  Retirees                                                             51 %                      49 %                         89 %                      86 %
                                  Total                                                                100 %                   100 %                         100 %                 100 %
                                  Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation        13.9 years                14.8 years                      9.3 years            9.9 years

                                  (e) Cash Flow Information
                                                                                                                                              Other post-
                                                                                                                      Pension                employment
                                                                                                                       plans                   benefits                    Total
                                  Expected employer contributions for 2026:
                                  Funded (wholly or partly) defined benefit plans                              $                   (39) $                        — $                     (39)
                                  Unfunded plans                                                                                    17                           19                      36
                                  Defined contribution plans                                                                      267                            —                      267
                                  Total                                                                        $                  245 $                          19 $                   264




                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report    197

                                                                                                               Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               84

                                        B  184                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(f)        Actuarial Assumptions and Sensitivities
(i)        Actuarial Assumptions
                                                                                            Defined benefit                                     Other post-
                                                                                             pension plans                                  employment benefits
                                                                                         2025                    2024                     2025                      2024
    To determine benefit cost:
    Discount rate - past service liabilities                                                    4.5 %                    4.4 %                     4.7 %                    4.7 %
    Discount rate - future service liabilities                                                  4.8 %                    4.6 %                     5.7 %                    5.0 %
    Rate of compensation increase                                                               3.4 %                    3.4 %                      —                        —
    Future pension increases 1                                                                  2.0 %                    2.1 %                      —                        —


    To determine defined benefit obligation:
    Discount rate - past service liabilities                                                    4.9 %                    4.5 %                     4.8 %                    4.7 %
    Rate of compensation increase                                                               3.3 %                    3.4 %                      —                        —
    Future pension increases 1                                                                  2.0 %                    2.0 %                      —                        —


    Medical cost trend rates:
    Initial medical cost trend rate                                                                                                                4.7 %                    4.7 %
    Ultimate medical cost trend rate                                                                                                               4.1 %                    4.1 %
    Year ultimate trend rate is reached                                                                                                            2039                      2039

1     Represents the weighted average of plans subject to future pension increases.




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
(ii) Sample Life Expectancies Based on Mortality Assumptions
                                                                                            Defined benefit                                     Other post-
                                                                                             pension plans                                  employment benefits
                                                                                         2025                    2024                     2025                      2024
    Sample life expectancies based on mortality
      assumption:
    Male
      Age 65 in fiscal year                                                                     23.4                      22.9                      23.5                     22.8
      Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                                                25.6                      24.8                      25.6                     24.2
    Female
      Age 65 in fiscal year                                                                     25.7                      25.0                      26.0                     25.0
      Age 65 for those age 35 in the fiscal year                                                27.8                      26.9                      27.9                     26.5

The period of time over which benefits are assumed to be paid is based on best estimates of future mortality, including
allowances for mortality improvements. This estimate is subject to considerable uncertainty, and judgment is required in
establishing this assumption. As mortality assumptions are significant in measuring the defined benefit obligation, the
mortality assumptions applied by the Company take into consideration such factors as age, gender and geographic location, in
addition to an estimation of future improvements in longevity.
The mortality tables are reviewed at least annually, and assumptions are in accordance with accepted actuarial practice.
Emerging plan experience is reviewed and considered in establishing the best estimate for future mortality.
The calculation of the defined benefit obligation is sensitive to the mortality assumptions. The effect of a one-year increase in
life expectancy would be an increase in the defined benefit obligation of $172 for the defined benefit pension plans and $7 for
other post-employment benefits ($174 and $6 in 2024, respectively).




198        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            85

                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B  185
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  (iii) Impact of Changes to Assumptions on Defined Benefit Obligation
                                                                                                               1% increase                                            1% decrease
                                                                                                       2025                        2024                       2025                     2024
                                  Defined benefit pension plans:
                                  Impact of a change to the discount rate                      $                 (720) $                    (787) $                    899 $                       997
                                  Impact of a change to the rate of compensation increase                          145                       170                       (133)                       (154)
                                  Impact of a change to the rate of inflation                                      335                       344                       (296)                       (304)


                                  Other post-employment benefits:
                                  Impact of a change to assumed medical cost trend rates                           13                          15                       (12)                        (13)
                                  Impact of a change to the discount rate                                          (20)                       (22)                       24                         26

                                  To measure the impact of a change in an assumption, all other assumptions were held constant. It is expected that there would
                                  be interaction between at least some of the assumptions.

                                  27. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

                                                                                                     2025                                                             2024
                                                                                  Balance,      Other           Balance,                    Balance,             Other                      Balance,
                                                                                 beginning comprehensive Income end of                     beginning        comprehensive      Income        end of
                                                                                  of year   income (loss)  tax    year                       of year         income (loss)       tax          year
                                  Unrealized foreign exchange gains (losses)
                                    on translation of foreign operations         $   2,756 $           (208) $       — $        2,548 $          1,343 $              1,413 $         — $      2,756
                                  Foreign exchange translation gains




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    reclassified to earnings on disposal of
                                    foreign operations                                (211)              —           —            (211)               —                (211)          —            (211)
                                  Unrealized gains (losses) on hedges of the
                                    net investment in foreign operations              (116)            (243)             (1)      (360)               16               (172)         40            (116)
                                  Unrealized gains (losses) on bonds and
                                    mortgages at FVOCI                                (258)             122          (18)         (154)             (383)               160          (35)          (258)
                                  Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow
                                    hedges                                              30               46          (13)           63                28                  3           (1)            30
                                  Unrealized gains (losses) on stocks at FVOCI        (409)             155           —           (254)               —                (409)          —            (409)
                                  Re-measurements on defined benefit
                                    pension and other post-employment
                                    benefit plans                                       13              165          (45)          133              (179)               264          (72)           13
                                  Revaluation surplus on transfer to
                                    investment properties                               10               —           —              10                10                  —           —             10
                                  Total                                              1,815               37         (77)        1,775                835              1,048          (68)      1,815
                                  Non-controlling interests                            (39)               8          (2)          (33)                55               (130)          36         (39)
                                  Shareholders                                   $   1,776 $             45 $       (79) $      1,742 $              890 $              918 $        (32) $    1,776

                                  28. Related Party Transactions
                                  Power Corporation, which is incorporated and domiciled in Canada, is the Company's parent and has voting control of the
                                  Company. The Company is related to other members of the Power Corporation group of companies including IGM, a company
                                  in the financial services sector along with its subsidiaries IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Financial; and Groupe
                                  Bruxelles Lambert, a holding company based in Europe with substantial holdings in global industrial and services companies.
                                  (a) Principal Subsidiaries
                                  The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the operations of the following subsidiaries and their
                                  subsidiaries:

                                  Company                                                          Incorporated in             Primary business operation                          % Held
                                  The Canada Life Assurance Company                                Canada                      Insurance and wealth management                        100.00%
                                  Empower Annuity Insurance Company of America                     United States               Financial services                                     100.00%




                                                                                                                                                       Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     199

                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               86

                                      B  186                                                                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(b) Transactions With Related Parties Included in the Consolidated Financial Statements
In the normal course of business, subsidiaries of Lifeco enter into various transactions with related companies which include
providing insurance benefits and sub-advisory services to other companies within the Power Corporation group of companies.
In all cases, transactions were at market terms and conditions.
During the year, Canada Life provided to and received from IGM and its subsidiaries, a member of the Power Corporation
group of companies, certain administrative services. Canada Life also provided life insurance, annuity and disability insurance
products under a distribution agreement with IGM. All transactions were provided at market terms and conditions.
The Company owns 9,200,407 shares, held through Canada Life, representing a 3.90% ownership interest in IGM. The
Company uses the equity method to account for its investment in IGM as it exercises significant influence. In 2025, the
Company recognized $37 ($41 in 2024) for the equity method share of IGM net earnings and received dividends of $20 ($21 in
2024) from its investment in IGM (note 6).
Segregated funds of the Company were invested in funds managed by IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments.
Mackenzie Investments also manages certain of the Company's portfolio investments. The Company also has interests in
mutual funds, open-ended investment companies and unit trusts. Some of these funds are sub-advised by related parties of the
Company, who are paid sub-advisory fees related to these services. During 2025, the Company and its subsidiaries made
additional investments in funds managed by related parties. All transactions were provided at market terms and conditions
(note 17).
The Company held debentures issued by IGM with a carrying value of $89 at December 31, 2025 ($90 at December 31, 2024).
Power Corporation also controls Sagard Holdings Inc. (Sagard), a multi-strategy alternative asset manager, Power Sustainable
Manager Inc. (Power Sustainable), a global multi-platform alternative asset manager, and Portage Ventures (Portage), a global
fintech venture capital investment entity. Lifeco has a minority investment in Sagard and a long-term strategic partnership with
Power Sustainable. Lifeco and Mackenzie Financial Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of IGM, are investors in Northleaf




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Capital Partners Ltd. (Northleaf), a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager. The Company and its
subsidiaries invest in funds and debt instruments managed by Sagard, Power Sustainable, Portage and Northleaf. Sagard also
provides certain sub-advisory and property management services to the Company and its subsidiaries.
On September 3, 2025, the Toronto Stock Exchange approved an amendment that permitted the Company to purchase its
shares from Power Financial Corporation and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, PFC) in connection with
the 2025 NCIB (note 22). During 2025, the Company repurchased and subsequently cancelled 12,801,349 common shares held
by PFC under the 2025 NCIB at a cost of $768.
The Company provides asset management, employee benefits and administrative services for employee benefit plans relating
to pension and other post-employment benefits for employees of the Company and its subsidiaries. These transactions were
provided at market terms and conditions.
(c)         Key Management Compensation
Key management personnel constitute those individuals that have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
controlling the activities of Lifeco, directly or indirectly, including any Director. The individuals that comprise the key
management personnel are the Board of Directors as well as certain key management and officers.
The following describes all compensation paid to, awarded to, or earned by each of the key management personnel for services
rendered in all capacities to the Company and its subsidiaries:

                                                                                                                                    2025                     2024 1
    Salary                                                                                                                 $                    17 $                       17
    Share-based awards                                                                                                                          44                         27
    Option-based awards                                                                                                                         11                         9
    Annual non-equity incentive plan compensation                                                                                               13                         14
    Pension value                                                                                                                                 1                        —
    Other                                                                                                                                         5                        4
    Total                                                                                                                  $                    91 $                       71

1    Certain comparative figures were reclassified to conform with current year's presentation.




200      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements             87

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                              B  187
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  29. Income Taxes

                                  (a) Components of the Income Tax Expense
                                  (i)      Income Tax Recognized in Consolidated Statements of Earnings
                                                                                                                                                                2025                      2024
                                  Current income tax
                                    Current income tax                                                                                                $                   633 $                       771
                                    Global Minimum Tax (GMT)                                                                                                              150                         113
                                  Total current income tax                                                                                            $                   783 $                       884


                                  Deferred income tax
                                        Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                             $                  (215) $                      (138)
                                        Effect of changes in tax rates or imposition of new taxes                                                                           (3)                         —
                                        Tax expense (recovery) arising from unrecognized tax losses, tax credits or temporary differences                                  (31)                         (9)
                                  Total deferred income tax                                                                                           $                  (249) $                      (147)
                                  Total income tax expense                                                                                            $                   534 $                       737

                                  (ii) Income Tax Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (note 27)
                                                                                                                                                                2025                      2024
                                  Current income tax expense (recovery)                                                                               $                     17 $                       (12)
                                  Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                                    60                         80




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Total                                                                                                               $                     77 $                       68

                                  (iii) Income Tax Recognized in Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                2025                      2024
                                  Current income tax expense (recovery)                                                                               $                     25 $                        —
                                  Deferred income tax expense (recovery)                                                                                                    —                           —
                                  Total                                                                                                               $                     25 $                        —

                                  (b) Effective Income Tax Rate
                                  The effective income tax rate reported in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings varies from the combined Canadian federal
                                  and provincial income tax rate of 28.00% for the following items:

                                                                                                                       2025                                                 2024
                                  Earnings before income taxes                                      $              4,695                              $                 4,981
                                  Combined basic Canadian federal and provincial tax rate                          1,315                   28.00 %                      1,395                 28.00 %
                                  Increase (decrease) in the income tax rate resulting from:
                                     Non-taxable investment income                                                  (285)                  (6.07)                        (342)                 (6.86)
                                        Operations outside of Canada subject to a lower average
                                          foreign tax rate                                                          (485)                 (10.33)                        (436)                 (8.75)
                                        Impact of rate changes on deferred income taxes                                (3)                 (0.06)                           —                     —
                                        Other                                                                       (158)                  (3.36)                            7                  0.14
                                  Total income tax expense and effective income tax rate
                                    excluding GMT                                        $                           384                    8.18 % $                      624                 12.53 %
                                  Global Minimum Tax                                                                 150                    3.19                          113                  2.27
                                  Total income tax expense and effective income tax rate $                           534                   11.37 % $                      737                 14.80 %
                                  Total income tax expense and effective income tax rate
                                    - common shareholders                                $                           605                   12.80 % $                      815                 16.46 %




                                                                                                                                                          Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     201

                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               88

                                         B  188                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(c)     Composition and Changes in Net Deferred Income Tax Assets
                                                                                                            2025
                                              Insurance
                                                 and
                                             investment                                    Losses
                                               contract             Portfolio              carried       Intangible
                                              liabilities         investments             forward          assets            Tax credits         Other                Total
Balance, beginning of year                  $          (2,620) $            2,422 $            1,384 $             (472) $            221 $              297 $           1,232
Recognized in Consolidated
  Statements of Earnings                                  781                 (693)              145                   (2)             (85)              103                  249
Recognized in Consolidated
  Statements of Comprehensive
  Income                                                    —                  (17)                  —               —                  —                 (43)                 (60)
Acquired in business combinations                           —                   —                    —               —                  —                 —                     —
Other and foreign exchange rate
  changes                                                 197                 (84)               (62)                34                (8)               (150)             (73)
Balance, end of year                        $          (1,642) $            1,628 $            1,467 $             (440) $            128 $               207 $          1,348


                                                                                                            2024
                                                 Insurance
                                                     and
                                                investment                                 Losses
                                                  contract           Portfolio             carried        Intangible
                                                  liabilities      investments            forward           assets           Tax credits         Other                Total
Balance, beginning of year                  $          (2,727) $            2,437 $            1,545 $            (783) $             237 $              352 $           1,061
Recognized in Consolidated




                                                                                                                                                                                      PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
  Statements of Earnings                                  358                 (184)             (262)              355                 (28)               (92)                147
Recognized in Consolidated
  Statements of Comprehensive
  Income                                                    —                       (8)              —               —                  —                 (72)                 (80)
Acquired in business combinations                           —                  (59)                  —              (25)                (1)               (10)                 (95)
Other and foreign exchange rate
  changes                                                (251)                236                101                (19)               13                119               199
Balance, end of year                        $          (2,620) $            2,422 $            1,384 $             (472) $            221 $              297 $           1,232

Recorded on Consolidated Balance Sheets:                                                                                               2025                       2024
Deferred tax assets                                                                                                            $               2,285 $                   2,066
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                         (937)                        (834)
Total                                                                                                                          $               1,348 $                   1,232

A deferred income tax asset is recognized for deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses and carryforwards only to
the extent that realization of the related income tax benefit through future taxable profits is probable.
Recognition is based on the fact that it is probable that the entity will have taxable profits and/or tax planning opportunities
available to allow the deferred income tax asset to be utilized. Changes in circumstances in future periods may adversely
impact the assessment of the recoverability. The uncertainty of the recoverability is taken into account in establishing the
deferred income tax assets. The Company's annual financial planning process provides a significant basis for the measurement
of deferred income tax assets.
Management assesses the recoverability of the deferred income tax assets carrying values based on future years’ taxable
income projections and believes the carrying values of the deferred income tax assets as of December 31, 2025 are recoverable.
At December 31, 2025, the Company has recognized a deferred tax asset of $1,467 ($1,384 at December 31, 2024) on tax loss
carryforwards totaling $6,515, of which $407 expire between 2026 and 2045 while $6,108 have no expiry date. The Company will
realize this benefit in future years through a reduction in current income taxes payable.
The Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset of $145 ($183 in 2024) on tax loss carryforwards totaling $610 ($799 in
2024). Of this amount, $273 expire between 2026 and 2045 while $337 have no expiry date. In addition, the Company has not
recognized a deferred tax asset of $85 ($116 in 2024) on other temporary differences of $359 ($473 in 2024).
A deferred income tax liability has not been recognized in respect of the temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries, branches and associates as the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences,
and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

202   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               89

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                    B  189
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, Income Taxes from recognizing and disclosing
                                  deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.

                                  30. Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging
                                  In the normal course of managing exposure to fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates, and to market risks, the
                                  Company is an end-user of various derivative financial instruments. It is the Company's policy to transact in derivatives only
                                  with the most creditworthy financial intermediaries. Note 7 discloses the credit quality of the Company's exposure to
                                  counterparties. Credit risk equivalent amounts are presented net of eligible collateral received of $290 as at December 31, 2025
                                  ($440 at December 31, 2024).
                                  (a) Summary of the Derivative Portfolio and Related Credit Exposure Using OSFI's Prescribed
                                      Definitions of Risk
                                  Maximum credit risk                      The total replacement cost of all derivative contracts with positive values.
                                  Future credit exposure                   The potential future credit exposure is calculated based on a formula prescribed by OSFI. The factors
                                                                           prescribed by OSFI for this calculation are based on derivative type and duration.
                                  Credit risk equivalent                   The sum of maximum credit risk and the potential future credit exposure less any eligible collateral held.
                                  Risk weighted equivalent                 Represents the credit risk equivalent, weighted according to the creditworthiness of the counterparty, as
                                                                           prescribed by OSFI.

                                                                                 2025                                                                        2024
                                                                    Maximum     Future         Credit      Risk                         Maximum           Future            Credit         Risk
                                                      Notional       credit     credit          risk    weighted          Notional       credit            credit            risk       weighted
                                                      amount          risk     exposure      equivalent equivalent        amount          risk           exposure         equivalent    equivalent
                                  Interest rate
                                     contracts




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Swaps             $    11,618 $     149 $        134 $         269 $            5 $       9,355 $           186 $               104 $       247 $             4
                                    Futures - short          153         —              —            —             —            159               —                  —            —              —
                                    Options
                                      purchased             4,246        38             52          54             1          3,239               90                37            43             1
                                    Bond forward              372         1              6           6             —             —                —                 —             —              —
                                                           16,389       188          192           329              6       12,753              276                 141         290               5
                                  Foreign
                                    exchange
                                    contracts
                                    Cross-currency
                                      swaps                36,447      1,243       2,290         3,327            60        36,047            1,971            2,219           3,886             67
                                    Forward
                                      contracts            11,825       135          184           294              2         8,821               48                110         150               1
                                                           48,272      1,378       2,474         3,621            62        44,868            2,019            2,329           4,036             68
                                  Other
                                    derivative
                                    contracts
                                    Equity
                                      contracts             1,831       271          119           390              1         2,564             107                 170         275               1
                                    Futures - long            18          —             —            —             —              14              —                  —            —              —
                                    Futures - short          688          2             —            —             —            599               —                  —            —              —
                                    Equity options-
                                      purchased             2,894        23          202           225              1             —               —                  —            —              —
                                    Equity options-
                                      written                  —          —             —            —             —          1,509               28                121         149               1
                                    Credit default
                                      swaps                  685          1             —            —             —            759                 1                —            —              —
                                                            6,116       297          321           615              2         5,445             136                 291         424               2
                                  Total               $    70,777 $    1,863 $     2,987 $       4,565 $          70 $ 63,066 $               2,431 $          2,761 $         4,750 $           75




                                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   203

                                                                                                                        Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements             90

                                      B  190                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(b) Notional Amount, Term to Maturity and Carrying Value of the Company’s Derivative Portfolio by
    Category
                                                                                                      2025
                                                                              Notional amount                                               Carrying value
                                                    1 year                                 Over
                                                    or less              1-5 years        5 years                Total                Assets               Liabilities
Derivatives not designated as
  accounting hedges
      Interest rate contracts
        Swaps                              $                  813 $                   2,799 $    7,988 $              11,600 $                  148 $                (559)
        Futures - short                                       153                        —           —                    153                     —                      —
        Options purchased                                     206                      822       3,218                   4,246                   38                      —
        Bond forward                                           —                         —          372                   372                      1                      (6)
                                                          1,172                       3,621     11,578                16,371                    187                  (565)
      Foreign exchange
        contracts
        Cross-currency swaps                              3,462                       8,688     22,011                34,161                  1,232                 (1,549)
        Forward contracts                                 8,139                        506           —                   8,645                   91                      (30)
                                                         11,601                       9,194     22,011                42,806                  1,323                 (1,579)
      Other derivative contracts
        Equity contracts                                  1,248                        147           —                   1,395                     8                     —
        Futures - long                                         18                        —           —                     18                     —                      —
        Futures - short                                       688                        —           —                    688                      2                      (3)




                                                                                                                                                                                PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
        Equity options - purchased                        1,459                       1,435          —                   2,894                   23                      —
        Equity options - written                               —                         —           —                     —                      —                  (103)
        Credit default swaps                                   —                       685           —                    685                      1                     —
                                                          3,413                       2,267          —                 5,680                     34                  (106)
Derivatives designated as
  accounting hedges
      Fair value hedges
        Foreign currency risk
          Foreign exchange
             contracts
              Forward contracts                                81                        —           —                     81                      2                     —
                                                               81                        —           —                     81                      2                     —
      Cash flow hedges
        Interest rate risk
           Interest rate contracts
              Swaps                                            —                        18           —                     18                      1                     —
        Foreign currency risk
          Foreign exchange
             contracts
              Cross-currency swaps                              9                        7           —                     16                     —                      —
        Equity risk
          Other derivative
             contracts
              Equity contracts                                120                      316           —                    436                   263                      —
                                                              129                      341           —                    470                   264                      —
      Net investment hedges
        Foreign currency risk
          Foreign exchange
             contracts
              Cross-currency swaps                             —                         —       2,270                 2,270                     11                  (152)
              Forward contracts                           1,971                       1,128          —                 3,099                     42                      (10)
                                                          1,971                       1,128      2,270                 5,369                     53                  (162)
Total                                      $            18,367 $                 16,551 $       35,859 $              70,777 $                1,863 $               (2,412)


204     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              91

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             B  191
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                         2024
                                                                                                 Notional amount                                                      Carrying value
                                                                          1 year                               Over
                                                                          or less           1-5 years         5 years                 Total                      Assets           Liabilities
                                  Derivatives not designated as
                                    accounting hedges
                                    Interest rate contracts
                                          Swaps                       $             886 $         2,329 $           6,121 $                   9,336 $                     185 $               (340)
                                          Futures - short                           159               —                  —                     159                         —                    —
                                          Options purchased                         216             864             2,159                     3,239                        90                   —
                                                                                1,261             3,193             8,280                  12,734                         275                 (340)
                                    Foreign exchange contracts
                                          Cross-currency swaps                  3,776             9,416            20,514                  33,706                     1,862               (1,402)
                                          Forward contracts                     5,835                 7                  —                    5,842                        11                 (225)
                                                                                9,611             9,423            20,514                  39,548                     1,873               (1,627)
                                    Other derivative contracts
                                          Equity contracts                      1,631               557                  —                    2,188                         4                   (18)
                                          Futures - long                             14               —                  —                       14                        —                    —
                                          Futures - short                           599               —                  —                     599                         —                    —
                                          Equity options - written                   —            1,509                  —                    1,509                        28                   —
                                          Credit default swaps                       —              746                 13                     759                          1                   —
                                                                                2,244             2,812                 13                    5,069                        33                   (18)
                                  Derivatives designated as
                                    accounting hedges




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                    Fair value hedges
                                          Foreign currency risk
                                            Foreign exchange
                                               contracts
                                               Forward contracts                     79              —                   —                       79                        —                     (3)
                                                                                     79              —                   —                       79                        —                     (3)
                                    Cash flow hedges
                                          Interest rate risk
                                            Interest rate contracts
                                               Swaps                                 —               19                  —                       19                         1                   —
                                          Foreign currency risk
                                            Foreign exchange
                                               contracts
                                               Cross-currency swaps                  46              25                  —                       71                         6                   —
                                          Equity risk
                                            Other derivative
                                               contracts
                                               Equity contracts                     117             259                  —                     376                        103                   —
                                                                                    163             303                  —                     466                        110                   —
                                    Net investment hedges
                                          Foreign currency risk
                                            Foreign exchange
                                               contracts
                                               Cross-currency swaps                  —               —              2,270                     2,270                       103                   (61)
                                               Forward contracts                2,353               547                  —                    2,900                        37                   (88)
                                                                                2,353               547             2,270                     5,170                       140                 (149)
                                  Total                               $        15,711 $          16,278 $          31,077 $                63,066 $                   2,431 $             (2,137)

                                  Futures contracts included in the above are exchange traded contracts; all other contracts are over-the-counter.




                                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report      205
                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                  92

                                      B  192                                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(c)      Derivatives Designated as Accounting Hedges
The following provides further details on the derivatives designated as accounting hedges:

Exchange rates and share prices expressed in dollar terms                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                      Notional amount
                                                                                          1 year                                          Over
                                                                                          or less              1-5 years                 5 years                     Total
Fair value hedges
      Foreign currency risk
        Foreign exchange contracts
           Forward contracts                                                          $             81    $                —      $                —      $                  81
           Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                              1.41                        —                       —                     1.41
Cash flow hedges
      Interest rate risk
        Interest rate contracts
           Swaps                                                                      $             —     $               18      $                —      $                  18
           Weighted average fixed interest rate                                                     —%                  5.23 %                     —%                    5.23 %
      Foreign currency risk
        Foreign exchange contracts
           Cross-currency swaps                                                       $              9    $                 7     $                —      $                  16
           Weighted average USD-AUD exchange rate                                                   —                      —                       —                          —
           Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                                   —                      —                       —                          —




                                                                                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
           Weighted average USD-EUR exchange rate                                              0.92                        —                       —                     0.92
           Weighted average USD-GBP exchange rate                                                   —                   0.76                       —                     0.76
      Equity risk
        Other derivative contracts
           Equity contracts                                                           $         120       $              316      $                —      $                  436
           Weighted average share price                                                       36.69                    47.53                       —                    43.75
Net investment hedges
      Foreign currency risk
        Foreign exchange contracts
           Cross-currency swaps                                                       $             —     $                —      $           2,270       $             2,270
           Weighted average EUR-CAD exchange rate                                                   —                      —                    1.41                     1.41
           Weighted average GBP-CAD exchange rate                                                   —                      —                    1.73                     1.73


           Forward contracts                                                          $       1,971       $            1,128                              $             3,099
           Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                                              1.37                     1.37                       —                     1.37
           Weighted average EUR-GBP exchange rate                                              0.87                     0.87                       —                     0.87




206     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                 93

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                  B  193
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  Exchange rates and share prices expressed in dollar terms                                                2024
                                                                                                                                  Notional amount
                                                                                                  1 year                                               Over
                                                                                                  or less                 1-5 years                   5 years                 Total
                                  Fair value hedges
                                    Foreign currency risk
                                       Foreign exchange contracts
                                         Foreign exchange forward contracts                   $             79      $                 —       $                 —    $                   79
                                         Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                         1.37                          —                         —                  1.37
                                  Cash flow hedges
                                    Interest rate risk
                                       Interest rate contracts
                                         Swaps                                                $             —       $                 19      $                 —    $                   19
                                         Weighted average fixed interest rate                               —%                     5.23 %                       —%                 5.23 %
                                    Foreign currency risk
                                       Foreign exchange contracts
                                         Cross-currency swaps                                 $             46      $                 25      $                 —    $                   71
                                         Weighted average USD-AUD exchange rate                         1.33                          —                         —                  1.33
                                         Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                         1.26                          —                         —                  1.26
                                         Weighted average USD-EUR exchange rate                         0.91                       0.92                         —                  0.91
                                         Weighted average USD-GBP exchange rate                         0.76                       0.76                         —                  0.76
                                    Equity risk




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                       Other derivative contracts
                                         Equity contracts                                     $         117         $               259       $                 —    $                376
                                         Weighted average share price                                 38.71                       39.40                         —                 39.17
                                  Net investment hedges
                                    Foreign currency risk
                                       Foreign exchange contracts
                                         Cross-currency swaps                                 $             —       $                 —       $             2,270    $            2,270
                                         Weighted average EUR-CAD exchange rate                             —                         —                      1.41                     1.41
                                         Weighted average GBP-CAD exchange rate                             —                         —                      1.73                     1.73


                                         Forward contracts                                    $       2,353         $               547       $                 —    $            2,900
                                         Weighted average USD-CAD exchange rate                         1.37                         —                          —                     1.37
                                         Weighted average EUR-GBP exchange rate                         0.83                       0.83                         —                     0.83

                                  (d) Derivative Portfolio by Type of Instrument
                                  Interest Rate Contracts
                                  Interest rate swaps, futures and options are used as part of a portfolio of assets to manage interest rate risk associated with
                                  investment activities and insurance and investment contract liabilities. Interest-rate swap agreements require the periodic
                                  exchange of payments without the exchange of the notional principal amount on which payments are based. Call options grant
                                  the Company the right to enter into a swap with predetermined fixed-rate payments over a predetermined time period on the
                                  exercise date. Call options are used to manage the variability in future interest payments due to a change in credited interest
                                  rates and the related potential change in cash flows due to surrenders. Call options are also used to hedge minimum rate
                                  guarantees.
                                  Foreign Exchange Contracts
                                  Cross-currency swaps are used in combination with other investments to manage foreign currency risk associated with
                                  investment activities, and insurance and investment contract liabilities. Cross-currency swaps are also used to hedge the
                                  Company's net investment in foreign operations. Under these swaps principal amounts and fixed or floating interest payments
                                  may be exchanged in different currencies. The Company also enters into certain foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge
                                  certain product liabilities.




                                                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report        207
                                                                                                             Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                     94

                                      B  194                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Other Derivative Contracts
Equity index swaps, futures and options are used to hedge certain product liabilities. Equity index swaps are also used as
substitutes for cash instruments and are used to periodically hedge the market risk associated with certain fee income. Equity
put options are used to manage potential credit risk impact of significant declines in certain equity markets.
Equity total return swaps are used to manage exposure to fluctuations in the total return of common shares related to deferred
compensation arrangements. Total return swaps require the exchange of net contractual payments periodically or at maturity
without the exchange of the notional principal amounts on which the payments are based. These instruments are designated as
cash flow hedges.
(e) Hedge Accounting
Fair Value Hedges
The ineffective portion of fair value hedges recognized in the net investment result, which includes foreign exchange contracts,
was nil during 2025 and 2024.
Cash Flow Hedges
The ineffective portion of the cash flow hedges, which includes interest rate contracts, foreign exchange contracts, and equity
total return swap contracts, was nil during 2025 and 2024, and the anticipated net gains (losses) expected to be reclassified out
of accumulated other comprehensive income within the next twelve months is nil. The maximum time frame for which
variable cash flows are hedged is 5 years.
Net Investment Hedges
The effects of the Company’s net investment hedges on the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and Consolidated Statements
of Comprehensive Income are shown in the following table.




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                                                                                               2025
                                                      Change in fair             Change in fair
                                                    value of hedged            value of hedging                                     Gains (losses)         Ineffectiveness
                                                        items for               instruments for                                   reclassified from         recognized in
                                                     ineffectiveness            ineffectiveness         Gains (losses)             AOCI into total        total investment
                                                      measurement                measurement           deferred in AOCI          investment result              result

Euro denominated debt                               $                  120 $                  (120) $                   (120) $                     — $                        —
Cross-currency swaps                                                   145                    (145)                     (145)                       —                          —
Foreign exchange forward contracts                                     (44)                     44                         44                       —                          —
Total                                               $                  221 $                  (221) $                   (221) $                     — $                        —

                                                                                                               2024
                                                         Change in fair           Change in fair
                                                        value of hedged         value of hedging                                      Gains (losses)         Ineffectiveness
                                                            items for            instruments for                                    reclassified from         recognized in
                                                         ineffectiveness          ineffectiveness        Gains (losses)              AOCI into total        total investment
                                                          measurement              measurement          deferred in AOCI           investment result              result
Euro denominated debt                               $                   30 $                   (30) $                     (30) $                    — $                        —
Cross-currency swaps                                                    85                     (85)                       (85)                      —                          —
Foreign exchange forward contracts                                      88                     (88)                       (88)                      —                          —
Total                                               $                  203 $                  (203) $                   (203) $                     — $                        —




208     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements            95

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B  195
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                  31. Legal Provisions and Contingent Liabilities
                                  The Company and its subsidiaries are from time-to-time subject to legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and
                                  regulatory matters. Provisions are established if, in management's judgment, it is probable a payment will be required and the
                                  amount of the payment can be reliably estimated. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of any of these proceedings
                                  with certainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution could have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial
                                  position of the Company. However, based on information presently known, it is not expected that any of the existing legal
                                  actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the
                                  Company. Actual results could differ from management’s best estimates.
                                  Subsidiaries of the Company in the United States are defendants in a class action, relating to the costs and features of their
                                  retirement and fund products and the conduct of their businesses. Management believes the claim is without merit and will be
                                  vigorously defending these actions. Based on the information presently known these actions will not have a material adverse
                                  effect on the consolidated financial position of the Company.
                                  A proposed class action was filed against a subsidiary of the Company in Canada and other third party defendants relating to
                                  the defendants' alleged use of a software application for setting rents in multi-family residential complexes. The plaintiff has
                                  agreed to discontinue the proposed class action on consent. The discontinuance is subject to Court approval.

                                  32. Commitments

                                  (a) Letters of Credit
                                  Letters of credit are written commitments provided by a bank. The total amount of letter of credit facilities is U.S. $1,723 of
                                  which U.S. $889 were issued as of December 31, 2025 (U.S. $1,717 of which U.S. $941 were issued as of December 31, 2024).
                                  The Capital and Risk Solutions segment periodically uses letters of credit as collateral under certain reinsurance contracts for




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  on balance sheet policy liabilities.
                                  (b) Investment Commitments
                                  Commitments of investment transactions made in the normal course of operations in accordance with policies and guidelines
                                  that are to be disbursed upon fulfillment of certain contract conditions were $7,391 as at December 31, 2025 ($7,533 as at
                                  December 31, 2024), with $7,066 maturing within one year, $194 maturing within two years, $46 maturing within three years,
                                  $28 maturing within four years and $57 maturing after 5 years.
                                  (c)    Pledged Assets
                                  In addition to the assets pledged by the Company disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements:
                                  •     The amount of assets included in the Company's balance sheet which have a security interest by way of pledging is $3,577
                                        ($3,710 at December 31, 2024) in respect of reinsurance agreements.
                                  •     In addition, under certain reinsurance contracts, bonds presented in portfolio investments are held in trust and escrow
                                        accounts. Assets are placed in these accounts pursuant to the requirements of certain legal and contractual obligations to
                                        support contract liabilities assumed.
                                  •     The Company has pledged, in the normal course of business, $68 ($74 at December 31, 2024) of assets of the Company for
                                        the purpose of providing collateral for the counterparty.

                                  33. Segmented Information
                                  The operating segments of the Company are United States, Canada, Europe, Capital and Risk Solutions and Corporate. These
                                  segments reflect the Company’s management structure and internal financial reporting. Each of these segments operates in the
                                  financial services industry and the revenues from these segments are derived principally from interests in life insurance, health
                                  insurance, retirement and investment services, asset management and reinsurance businesses.
                                  Transactions between operating segments occur at market terms and conditions and have been eliminated upon
                                  consolidation.




                                                                                                                                           Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   209

                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               96

                                        B  196                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


(a) Consolidated Net Earnings
                                                                                                                                   2025
                                                                                                                                Capital and
                                                                                  United                                           Risk
                                                                                  States          Canada        Europe           Solutions       Corporate            Total
    Segment revenue
      Insurance revenue 1                                                     $            — $       9,630 $         7,219 $           5,255 $            217 $         22,321
      Net investment income 2                                                           3,716        3,559           1,833               397              348            9,853
      Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 2                                           2,383        1,716              (13)            (350)             171            3,907
                                                                                        6,099       14,905           9,039             5,302              736           36,081
      Fee and other income 3                                                            4,698        2,055              948               15              179            7,895
                                                                                       10,797       16,960           9,987             5,317              915           43,976
    Other insurance results
      Insurance service expenses                                                           —        (6,503)          (6,191)          (4,287)            (258)         (17,239)
      Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                     —        (1,510)            (123)              (36)             (34)          (1,703)
                                                                                           —        (8,013)          (6,314)          (4,323)            (292)         (18,942)
Other investment results
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                               —        (4,619)          (1,469)             106             (373)           (6,355)
      Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                             —           (16)            (280)                1              (31)           (326)
      Changes in investment contract liabilities                                       (4,854)         (98)               (1)             (43)              (6)          (5,002)
                                                                                       (4,854)      (4,733)          (1,750)              64             (410)         (11,683)
    Net investment result - insurance contracts on account
      of segregated fund policyholders




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      Net investment income (loss)                                                         —         4,157              887                —                —            5,044
      Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                               —        (4,157)            (887)               —                —            (5,044)
                                                                                           —               —             —                 —                —                  —
    Other income and expenses
      Operating and administrative expenses                                            (3,956)      (2,023)          (1,102)              (50)           (330)           (7,461)
      Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                      (236)        (130)             (63)               (2)             (10)           (441)
      Financing costs                                                                      (7)          —                —                 (4)           (368)            (379)
      Restructuring and integration expenses                                              (29)        (226)            (109)              (11)              —             (375)
    Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                                 1,715        1,835              649              991             (495)           4,695
    Income taxes                                                                         279          334                40              130             (249)                534
    Net earnings from continuing operations before non-
       controlling interests                                                            1,436        1,501              609              861             (246)           4,161
    Attributable to non-controlling interests                                              —            37               —                 —                 4                 41
    Net earnings from continuing operations before
      preferred share dividends and other equity
      distributions                                                                     1,436        1,464              609              861             (250)           4,120
    Preferred share dividends and other equity distributions                               —            —                —                 —              160                 160
    Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                      1,436        1,464              609              861             (410)           3,960
    Net loss from discontinued operations                                                  —            —                —                 —                —                  —
    Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                      —            —                —                 —                —                  —
Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                     $         1,436 $      1,464 $            609 $            861 $           (410) $         3,960

1     Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
2     Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
3     Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




210      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements              97

                                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                 B  197
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                                             2024 1
                                                                                                                                                                   Capital and
                                                                                                                United                                                Risk
                                                                                                                States          Canada             Europe           Solutions           Corporate        Total
                                      Segment revenue
                                        Insurance revenue 2                                                 $            — $         9,460 $            6,588 $            4,935 $            231 $        21,214
                                        Net investment income 3                                                      3,716           3,785              1,509                 366             307            9,683
                                        Changes in fair value on FVTPL assets 3                                        364           2,881             (1,172)               (416)             19            1,676
                                                                                                                     4,080          16,126              6,925              4,885              557          32,573
                                        Fee and other income 4                                                       4,256           1,927                 915                 14             112            7,224
                                                                                                                     8,336          18,053              7,840              4,899              669          39,797
                                      Other insurance results
                                        Insurance service expenses                                                       —           (6,450)           (5,613)            (4,080)             (225)       (16,368)
                                        Net income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                                 —           (1,399)              (138)                (29)            (33)         (1,599)
                                                                                                                         —           (7,849)           (5,751)            (4,109)             (258)       (17,967)
                                  Other investment results
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                           —           (5,800)                15                 12             (145)         (5,918)
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from reinsurance contracts                         —                (2)               28                      1          (37)               (10)
                                        Changes in investment contract liabilities                                  (2,770)            (153)                 (2)                (4)             (3)         (2,932)
                                                                                                                    (2,770)          (5,955)                41                      9         (185)         (8,860)
                                      Net investment result - insurance contracts on account of
                                        segregated fund policyholders
                                        Net investment income (loss)                                                     —           5,280              1,548                   —               —            6,828




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                        Net finance income (expenses) from insurance contracts                           —           (5,280)           (1,548)                  —               —           (6,828)
                                                                                                                         —                —                  —                  —               —                  —
                                      Other income and expenses
                                        Operating and administrative expenses                                       (3,759)          (1,967)              (926)                (31)           (367)         (7,050)
                                        Amortization of finite life intangible assets                                 (220)            (123)                (61)                (2)             (9)              (415)
                                        Financing costs                                                                  (7)              —                  —                  (5)           (390)              (402)
                                        Restructuring and integration expenses                                         (73)             (23)                (26)                —               —                (122)
                                      Earnings (loss) before income taxes                                           1,507            2,136              1,117                 761             (540)          4,981
                                      Income taxes                                                                     278              395                187                105             (228)              737
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before non-
                                       controlling interests                                                        1,229            1,741                 930                656             (312)          4,244
                                      Attributable to non-controlling interests                                          —              101                  —                  —                   2            103
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations before
                                        preferred share dividends                                                   1,229            1,640                 930                656             (314)         4,141
                                      Preferred share dividends                                                          —                —                  —                  —             130                130
                                      Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                1,229            1,640                 930                656             (444)         4,011
                                      Net loss from discontinued operations                                           (115)               —                  —                  —               —                (115)
                                      Net gain from disposal of discontinued operations                                  44               —                  —                  —               —                 44
                                  Net earnings (loss) - common shareholders                                 $       1,158 $          1,640 $               930 $              656 $           (444) $       3,940

                                  1     The Company has reclassified certain comparative figures to conform to the current period’s presentation. These classifications had no impact on the equity, net earnings
                                        or cash flows of the Company.
                                  2     Included within insurance service result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  3     Included within net investment result in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                                  4     Included within other income and expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

                                  During the first quarter of 2025, the Company realigned certain activities to Corporate from other operating segments of the
                                  Company. The adjustments had no impact on the total net earnings or cash flows of the Company. The comparative figures are
                                  reclassified to be consistent.




                                                                                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report     211
                                                                                                                                      Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                 98

                                          B  198                                                                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


Revenue by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                  2025                      2024
Revenue
United States                                                                                                            $                1,565 $                       1,422
United Kingdom                                                                                                                            2,355                         2,110
Japan                                                                                                                                       (226)                         (68)
Other                                                                                                                                     1,623                         1,435
Total revenue                                                                                                            $                5,317 $                       4,899

Negative income in the table above is primarily due to unrealized fair value losses through profit or loss on bonds.
(b) Consolidated Total Assets and Liabilities
                                                                                                                 2025
                                                                        United                                                  Capital and Risk
                                                                        States              Canada              Europe             Solutions                    Total
Assets
Invested assets                                                   $            89,945 $        102,100 $              46,795 $              11,211 $              250,051
Insurance contract assets                                                            315             445                  534                   277                     1,571
Reinsurance contract held assets                                               11,818            1,224                  3,705                   103                16,850
Goodwill and intangible assets                                                      6,283        6,734                  3,178                     —                16,195
Other assets                                                                   16,339            6,162                  4,388                   103                26,992
Investments on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                             234,212           125,176              191,781                       —               551,169




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
Total                                                             $          358,912 $         241,841 $            250,381 $               11,694 $              862,828


Liabilities
Insurance contract liabilities                                    $            17,632 $         91,645 $              45,504 $                6,863 $             161,644
Investment contract liabilities                                                84,620            3,456                    377                   589                89,042
Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                                158             321                  397                     43                     919
Other liabilities                                                              12,140            9,835                  3,756                 1,320                27,051
Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                               14,265           38,237                17,916                      —                70,418
Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
   policyholders                                                             219,947            86,939              173,865                       —               480,751
Total                                                             $          348,762 $         230,433 $            241,815 $                 8,815 $             829,825




212   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report

                                                                                                Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements               99

                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                               B  199
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                                                            United                                                      Capital and Risk
                                                                                                            States             Canada                 Europe               Solutions                     Total
                                      Assets
                                      Invested assets                                               $             89,768 $            98,262 $             44,321 $                11,434 $                243,785
                                      Insurance contract assets                                                      335                  434                  353                        71                     1,193
                                      Reinsurance contract held assets                                            12,756               1,216                  3,746                     124                  17,842
                                      Goodwill and intangible assets                                               6,667               6,645                  3,074                       —                  16,386
                                      Other assets                                                                16,741               5,769                  3,982                       79                 26,571
                                      Investments on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                           215,986          114,547                 165,853                         —                496,386
                                      Total                                                         $            342,253 $        226,873 $               221,329 $                11,708 $                802,163


                                      Liabilities
                                      Insurance contract liabilities                                $             18,881 $            87,250 $             42,066 $                 7,486 $                155,683
                                      Investment contract liabilities                                             85,470               3,698                   330                      659                  90,157
                                      Reinsurance contract held liabilities                                          159                  283                  313                        40                      795
                                      Other liabilities                                                           12,523               9,572                  3,456                     937                  26,488
                                      Insurance contracts on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                            14,409              35,893               16,041                         —                  66,343
                                      Investment contracts on account of segregated fund
                                         policyholders                                                           201,577              78,654              149,812                         —                430,043
                                      Total                                                         $            333,019 $        215,350 $               212,018 $                 9,122 $                769,509




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  Assets by Source Currency for Capital and Risk Solutions
                                                                                                                                                                         2025                        2024
                                      Assets
                                      United States                                                                                                            $                  4,702 $                        4,792
                                      United Kingdom                                                                                                                              3,765                          3,694
                                      Japan                                                                                                                                       2,722                          2,926
                                      Other                                                                                                                                        505                            296
                                      Total assets                                                                                                             $                 11,694 $                    11,708

                                  (c)         CSM
                                                                                                                                                    2025
                                                                                                    Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                                                           Capital
                                                                                                 United                                   and Risk                     Segregated
                                                                                                 States          Canada      Europe       Solutions       Total          Funds                 Par         Total 1
                                      CSM, beginning of year                                    $          55 $      690 $     3,664 $          2,436 $     6,845 $              3,268 $ 3,255 $ 13,368
                                         CSM recognized for services provided                              (8)        (67)      (326)            (269)        (670)               (407)         (155)        (1,232)
                                         Contracts initially recognized in the year                        —          40         267             100           407                126            109              642
                                         Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                          14        (168)            5           28          (121)                83            289              251
                                         Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
                                           contracts                                                       2          18          91              65           176                 (15)              —            161
                                         Effect of movement in exchange rates                              (3)         —         165              70           232                120            (12)             340
                                      CSM, end of year                                          $          60 $      513 $     3,866 $          2,430 $     6,869 $              3,175 $ 3,486 $ 13,530

                                  1     The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report        213
                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements                     100

                                           B  200                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


                                                                                                                       2024
                                                                       Non-Participating (excluding Segregated Funds)
                                                                                                            Capital
                                                                    United                                 and Risk                     Segregated
                                                                    States       Canada         Europe     Solutions       Total          Funds            Par          Total 1
    CSM, beginning of year                                      $        24 $         1,159 $     3,255 $       1,745 $       6,183 $          3,298 $ 3,154 $ 12,635
      CSM recognized for services provided                                (5)          (103)       (286)         (178)         (572)             (408)       (151)        (1,131)
      Contracts initially recognized in the year                         —              36          371           251          658               170          119           947
      Changes in estimates that adjust the CSM                           31            (431)         79           477          156               197          113           466
      Net finance (income) expenses from insurance
        contracts                                                            1          29           79             47         156                (17)           —          139
      Effect of movement in exchange rates                                   4           —          166             94         264                 28            20         312
    CSM, end of year                                            $        55 $          690 $      3,664 $       2,436 $       6,845 $          3,268 $ 3,255 $ 13,368

1    The amounts in the table above are presented net of reinsurance.




                                                                                                                                                                                     PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.




214     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report
                                                                                                     Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Consolidated Financial Statements             101

                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   B  201
                                  Independent Auditor’s Report



                                                               .                                                                              Deloitte LLP
                                                                                                                                              360 Main Street
                                                                                                                                              Deloitte
                                                                                                                                              Suite
                                                                                                                                              360
                                                                                                                                                       LLP
                                                                                                                                                    2300
                                                                                                                                                   Main Street
                                                                                                                                              Winnipeg
                                                                                                                                              Suite
                                                                                                                                              Canada2300
                                                                                                                                                        MB R3C 3Z3
                                                                                                                                              Winnipeg MB R3C 3Z3
                                                                                                                                              Canada
                                                                                                                                              Tel: 204-942-0051
                                                                                                                                              Fax: 204-947-9390
                                                                                                                                              Tel: 204-942-0051
                                                                                                                                              www.deloitte.ca
                                                                                                                                              Fax: 204-947-9390
                                                                                                                                              www.deloitte.ca



                                  Independent Auditor’s Report
                                  Independent Auditor’s Report
                                  To the Shareholders of Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                  To the Shareholders of Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                  Opinion
                                  Opinion
                                  Opinion
                                  We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Great-West Lifeco Inc. (the “Company”), which
                                  comprise
                                  We   have the   consolidated
                                            audited the          balance sheets
                                                          consolidated    financialas at December
                                                                                      tatements  of 31, 2025 and
                                                                                                    Great-West       2024,Inc.
                                                                                                                   Lifeco    and(the
                                                                                                                                  the“Company”),
                                                                                                                                      consolidatedwhich
                                  statements    of earnings, comprehensive      income,   changes  in equity  and   cash  flows
                                  comprise the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the consolidatedfor the years then ended,
                                  and  notes toofthe
                                  statements         consolidated
                                                   earnings,         financial income,
                                                             comprehensive     statements,   including
                                                                                          changes      material
                                                                                                   in equity       accounting
                                                                                                              and cash           policy
                                                                                                                          flows for     information
                                                                                                                                     the years then ended,
                                  (collectively
                                  and           referred to
                                       notes to the          as the financial
                                                     consolidated    “financialstatements,
                                                                                 statements”).
                                                                                             including material accounting policy information
                                  (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).
                                  In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  position
                                  In our of   the the
                                         opinion,   Company as    at December
                                                        accompanying     financial31, 2025  and 2024,
                                                                                    statements  presentand  its in
                                                                                                         fairly,financial   performance
                                                                                                                     all material          and
                                                                                                                                   respects, theits cash flows
                                                                                                                                                  financial
                                  for the of
                                  positionyears
                                              thethen  ended as
                                                    Company   in at
                                                                 accordance
                                                                     Decemberwith 31, IFRS Accounting
                                                                                      2025 and         Standards
                                                                                                2024, and            as issued by
                                                                                                            its financial           the and
                                                                                                                            performance International
                                                                                                                                                its cash flows
                                  Accounting
                                  for the yearsStandards
                                                 then endedBoard   (“IASB”). with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International
                                                              in accordance
                                  Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”).
                                  Basis for
                                        forOpinion
                                            Opinion
                                  Basis for Opinion
                                  We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards
                                  (“Canadian
                                  We  conductedGAAS”).   Our in
                                                    our audit responsibilities under
                                                                 accordance with       those standards
                                                                                     Canadian  generallyare  furtherauditing
                                                                                                          accepted    described in  the Auditor’s
                                                                                                                               standards
                                  Responsibilities
                                  (“Canadian        for the
                                               GAAS”).   OurAudit of the Financial
                                                              responsibilities       Statements
                                                                               under those       sectionare
                                                                                             standards    of our  report.
                                                                                                             further       We arein the
                                                                                                                      described    independent
                                                                                                                                        Auditor’sof the
                                  Company    in  accordance
                                  Responsibilities  for       withof
                                                        the Audit  the
                                                                     thethical  requirements
                                                                         Financial   Statementsthat are of
                                                                                                 section relevant
                                                                                                             our to
                                                                                                                  report.  audit
                                                                                                                      our We     of the
                                                                                                                               are      financial of the
                                                                                                                                   independent
                                  statements
                                  Company    inin  Canada, and
                                                 accordance      wethe
                                                              with  have  fulfilled our
                                                                       ethical           other that
                                                                                requirements   ethical responsibilities
                                                                                                    are relevant   to ourinaudit
                                                                                                                            accordance
                                                                                                                                 of the with these
                                                                                                                                        financial
                                  requirements.
                                  statements    in We   believe
                                                   Canada,  andthat
                                                                 we the
                                                                    haveaudit    evidence
                                                                          fulfilled        we have
                                                                                    our other       obtained
                                                                                               ethical         is sufficient
                                                                                                       responsibilities  in and   appropriate
                                                                                                                            accordance   with to
                                                                                                                                             theseprovide a
                                  basis for our We
                                  requirements.  opinion.
                                                        believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
                                  basis for our opinion.
                                  Key Audit
                                  Key AuditMatter
                                            Matter
                                  Key  Audit Matter
                                  A key audit matter is a matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
                                  consolidated
                                  A key        financial
                                        audit matter     statements
                                                     is a matter that,for
                                                                        in the
                                                                            ouryear ended December
                                                                                professional judgment,31,
                                                                                                        was2025. This matter
                                                                                                             of most           was in our
                                                                                                                      significance addressed
                                                                                                                                          auditinofthe
                                                                                                                                                    the
                                  context of our audit
                                  consolidated         of the
                                               financial      consolidated
                                                         statements           financial
                                                                     for the year       statements
                                                                                    ended          as a31,
                                                                                            December    whole,
                                                                                                           2025.and
                                                                                                                 Thisinmatter
                                                                                                                        formingwas
                                                                                                                                ouraddressed
                                                                                                                                     opinion in
                                                                                                                                             thereon,
                                                                                                                                                   the
                                  and we of
                                  context do our
                                             not audit
                                                 provide
                                                       of a separate
                                                          the        opinion on
                                                              consolidated         this matter.
                                                                              financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
                                  and we do not provide a separate opinion on this matter.
                                   Insurance Contract Liabilities - Refer to Notes 2 and 14 to the Financial Statements
                                   Insurance Contract Liabilities - Refer to Notes 2 and 14 to the Financial Statements
                                   Key A udit Matter Description
                                  KThe
                                    ey Company’s
                                       Audit Mattinsurance
                                                  er Descripcontract
                                                             tion liabilities represent a significant portion of its total liabilities. Insurance
                                  contract
                                  The      liabilities are
                                      Company’s            determined
                                                    insurance  contractin    accordance
                                                                          liabilities      with a
                                                                                      represent IFRS 17,  Insurance
                                                                                                   significant        Contracts
                                                                                                               portion of        (“IFRS
                                                                                                                           its total     17”). This
                                                                                                                                     liabilities.     requires
                                                                                                                                                  Insurance
                                  the use of complex    valuation  models    and   assumptions   to measure    groups  of contracts   as the   total
                                  contract liabilities are determined in accordance with IFRS 17, Insurance Contracts (“IFRS 17”). This requires     of
                                  estimates
                                  the use of of future cash
                                             complex         flows,
                                                        valuation    plus a and
                                                                   models     risk adjustment
                                                                                   assumptionsfor   non-financial
                                                                                                 to measure        riskof
                                                                                                               groups   and a  contractual
                                                                                                                          contracts           service
                                                                                                                                      as the total   ofmargin
                                  (“CSM”).
                                  estimatesThe
                                             of CSM    component
                                                future cash  flows, isplus
                                                                        only  relevant
                                                                           a risk       for groups
                                                                                   adjustment  for of  insurance risk
                                                                                                    non-financial contracts
                                                                                                                        and ameasured
                                                                                                                               contractual using   the margin
                                                                                                                                              service  general
                                  measurement      model  and  the variable    fee approach.
                                  (“CSM”). The CSM component is only relevant for groups of insurance contracts measured using the general
                                  measurement model and the variable fee approach.
                                                                                                                                            Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   215



                                      B  202                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Independent Auditor’s Report


Great-West Lifeco Inc.
February 11, 2026
Page 2




While there is considerable judgment applied by management and inherent uncertainty in selecting
assumptions, the assumptions with the greatest estimation uncertainty are related to mortality, policyholder
behaviour and discount rates. These assumptions required significant auditor attention in specific
circumstances where (i) there is limited Company and industry experience data, (ii) the historical experience
may not be a good indicator of the future and (iii) the determination of discount rates requires complex
calculation and measurement of unobservable market inputs. Auditing certain valuation models and
significant assumptions (mortality, policyholder behaviour and discount rates) required a high degree of
auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort, including the need to involve actuarial and fair value
specialists.

How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to certain valuation models and significant assumptions included the following,
among others:




                                                                                                                        PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
•     With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the appropriateness of certain valuation models used in
      the valuation process by:
      o    Calculating an independent estimate of the insurance contract liability for a sample of insurance
           policies and comparing the results to the Company’s estimate;
      o    Testing the accuracy of certain valuation models for changes in key assumptions.

•     With the assistance of actuarial specialists, tested the reasonableness of mortality and policyholder
      behaviour assumptions by:
      o    Evaluating whether management’s assumptions were determined in accordance with the
           requirements of IFRS 17;
      o    Testing experience studies and other inputs used in the determination of the assumptions;
      o    Analyzing management’s interpretation and judgment of its experience study results and emerging
           claims experience, evaluating new and revised key assumptions, assessing reasonable possible
           alternative assumptions, and considering industry and other external sources of benchmarking,
           where applicable.

•     With the assistance of actuarial and fair value specialists, evaluated the reasonableness of the discount
      rates used by:
      o    Evaluating whether management’s assumptions and methodologies were determined in accordance
           with the requirements of IFRS 17;
      o    Testing the inputs and source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and for
           a sample of curves, calculated the discount rates and compared against discount rates derived by
           management.




216   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report



                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                              B  203
                                  Independent Auditor’s Report


                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                  February 11, 2026
                                  Page 3




                                  Other
                                  OtherInformation
                                        Information
                                  Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
                                  ●   Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
                                  ●   The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the Annual
                                      Report.

                                  Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
                                  express any form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements,
                                  our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the
                                  other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
                                  audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

                                  We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                                  other information, we are required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in
                                  this regard.

                                  The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on
                                  the work we will perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                                  other information, we are required to report that fact to those charged with governance.

                                  ResponsibilitiesofofManagement
                                  Responsibilities     Managementandand Those
                                                                     Those     Charged
                                                                           Charged with with Governance
                                                                                        Governance for the for the
                                                                                                           Financial
                                  Financial
                                  StatementsStatements
                                  Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
                                  accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB, and for such internal control as
                                  management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
                                  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                  In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to
                                  continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
                                  concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease
                                  operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

                                  Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                                   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   217



                                      B  204                                                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Independent Auditor’s Report


Great-West Lifeco Inc.
February 11, 2026
Page 4




Auditor’s
Auditor’sResponsibilities
          Responsibilitiesforfor
                              thethe
                                  Audit of he
                                     Audit    Financial
                                            of the      Statements
                                                   Financial  Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with Canadian GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial
statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain
professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
●     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is




                                                                                                                         PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
      collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
●     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
      are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
      effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
●     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by management.
●     Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
      based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
      conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
      conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
      the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
      opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
      However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
●     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
      manner that achieves fair presentation.
●     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the Company as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
      performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope
and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
that we identify during our audit.

218   Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report



                                    P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                               B  205
                                  Independent Auditor’s Report


                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc.
                                  February 11, 2026
                                  Page 5




                                  We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                                  requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters
                                  that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

                                  From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
                                  of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
                                  therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation
                                  precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a
                                  matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
                                  reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                                  The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is David Jordan Oakley.




PART B / GREAT-WEST LIFECO INC.
                                  /s/ Deloitte LLP

                                  Chartered Professional Accountants
                                  February 11, 2026
                                  Winnipeg, Manitoba




                                                                                                                                  Great-West Lifeco Inc. 2025 Annual Report   219



                                      B  206                                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
                             IGM Financial Inc.
                                                PART C




Management’s Discussion and Analysis
PAGE C 2



Financial Statements and Notes
PAGE C 77




Please note that the bottom of each page in Part C contains two different
page numbers. A page number with the preﬁx “C” refers to the number of
such page in this document and the page number without any preﬁx refers to
the number of such page in the original document issued by IGM Financial Inc.



The attached documents concerning IGM Financial Inc. are documents
prepared and publicly disclosed by such subsidiary, and are available under
such subsidiary’s proﬁle on SEDAR+, at www.sedarplus.ca. Certain statements
in the attached documents, other than statements of historical fact, are
forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions and reﬂect the
current expectations of the subsidiary as set forth therein. Forward-looking
statements are provided for the purposes of assisting the reader in understanding
the subsidiary’s ﬁnancial performance, ﬁnancial position and cash ﬂows as at
and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present information about
the subsidiary’s management’s current expectations and plans relating to the
future and the reader is cautioned that such statements may not be appropriate for
other purposes.

By its nature, forward-looking information is subject to inherent risks and




                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
uncertainties that may be general or speciﬁc and which give rise to the possibility
that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or conclusions will not
prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not be correct and that objectives,
strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.

For further information provided by the subsidiary as to the material factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the content of forward-
looking statements, the material factors and assumptions that were applied
in making the forward-looking statements, and the subsidiary’s policy for
updating the content of forward-looking statements, please see the attached
documents, including the section entitled Forward-looking Statements. The
reader is cautioned to consider these factors and assumptions carefully and
not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                         C  1
                              Management’s Discussion and Analysis
                              The Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) presents management’s view of the results of operations and the
                              financial condition of IGM Financial Inc. (IGM Financial or the Company) as at and for the years ended December 31,
                              2025 and 2024 and should be read in conjunction with IGM Financial’s 2025 audited Consolidated Financial Statements
                              (Consolidated Financial Statements). Commentary in the MD&A as at and for the year ended December 31, 2025 is as
                              of February 12, 2026.

                              Basis of Presentation and Summary of Accounting Policies
                              The Consolidated Financial Statements of IGM Financial, which are the basis of the information presented in the
                              Company’s MD&A, have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and
                              are presented in Canadian dollars (Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements).

                              Principal Holders of Voting Shares
                              As at December 31, 2025, Power Corporation of Canada (Power) and Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), a subsidiary of
                              Power, held directly or indirectly 62.9% and 3.9%, respectively, of the outstanding common shares of IGM Financial.

                              Forward-looking Statements
                              Certain statements in this report, other than statements of historical        affect the operations, performance and results of the Company
                              fact, are forward-looking statements based on certain assumptions             and its subsidiaries and strategic investments, and their businesses,
                              and reflect IGM Financial Inc.’s (IGM Financial, IGM or the Company)          and could cause actual results to differ materially from current
                              and, where applicable, its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’,          expectations of estimated or anticipated events or results. These
                              current expectations. Forward-looking statements are provided to              factors include, but are not limited to: the impact or unanticipated
                              assist the reader in understanding the Company’s, and its subsidiaries        impact of general economic, political and market factors in North
                              and strategic investments, financial position and results of operations       America and internationally, interest and foreign exchange rates,
                              as at and for the periods ended on certain dates and to present               global equity and capital markets, management of market liquidity
                              information about management’s current expectations and plans                 and funding risks, changes in accounting policies and methods used
                              relating to the future. Readers are cautioned that such statements may        to report financial condition (including uncertainties associated with
                              not be appropriate for other purposes. These statements may include,          critical accounting assumptions and estimates), the effect of applying
                              without limitation, statements regarding the operations, business,            future accounting changes, operational and reputational risks,
                              financial condition, expected financial results, performance, prospects,      environmental and social risks, business competition, technological
                              opportunities, priorities, targets, goals, ongoing objectives, strategies     change, changes in government regulations and legislation, changes
                              and outlook of the Company, and its subsidiaries and strategic                in tax laws, the impact of trade relations, unexpected judicial or
                              investments, as well as the outlook for North American and international      regulatory proceedings, catastrophic events, outbreaks of disease
                              economies, for the current fiscal year and subsequent periods.                or pandemics (such as COVID-19), the Company’s ability to complete
                              Forward-looking statements include statements that are predictive in          strategic transactions, integrate acquisitions and implement other
                              nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or include       growth strategies, and the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and
                              words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “believes”, “estimates”,     strategic investments’ success in anticipating and managing the
                              “seeks”, “intends”, “targets”, “projects”, “forecasts” or negative versions   foregoing factors.
                              thereof and other similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs
                                                                                                            The reader is cautioned that the foregoing list is not exhaustive of
                              such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could”.
                                                                                                            the factors that may affect any of the Company’s forward-looking
                              This information is based upon certain material factors or assumptions        statements. The reader is also cautioned to consider these and other
                              that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making a forecast or             factors, uncertainties and potential events carefully and not place
                              projection as reflected in the forward-looking statements, including          undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
                              the perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                            Other than as specifically required by applicable Canadian law, the
                              future developments, as well as other factors that are believed to
                                                                                                            Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
                              be appropriate in the circumstances. While the Company considers
                                                                                                            statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on
                              these assumptions to be reasonable based on information currently
                                                                                                            which such statements are made, or to reflect the occurrence of
                              available to management, they may prove to be incorrect.
                                                                                                            unanticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future
                              By its nature, this information is subject to inherent risks and              events or results, or otherwise.
                              uncertainties that may be general or specific and which give rise to
                                                                                                            Additional information about the risks and uncertainties of the
                              the possibility that expectations, forecasts, predictions, projections or
                                                                                                            Company’s business and material factors or assumptions on which
                              conclusions will not prove to be accurate, that assumptions may not
                                                                                                            information contained in forward-looking statements is based is
                              be correct and that objectives, including environmental and social,
                                                                                                            provided in its disclosure materials, including this Management’s
                              strategic goals and priorities will not be achieved.
                                                                                                            Discussion and Analysis and its most recent Annual Information Form,
                              A variety of material factors, many of which are beyond the                   filed with the securities regulatory authorities in Canada, available at
                              Company’s and its subsidiaries’ and strategic investments’ control,           www.sedarplus.ca.




                              18    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                    C  2                                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures
This report contains Non-IFRS financial measures and non-IFRS ratios            Refer to the appropriate reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures,
that do not have standard meanings prescribed by International                  including as components of non-IFRS ratios, to reported results in
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be directly                    accordance with IFRS in Tables 1 to 4.
comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These
                                                                                This report also contains other financial measures which include:
measures and ratios are used to provide management, investors
and investment analysts with additional measures to assess earnings             • Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A) represents
performance.                                                                      the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM Financial’s core businesses
                                                                                  IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth
Non-IFRS financial measures include, but are not limited to, “adjusted
                                                                                  Management segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All
net earnings available to common shareholders”, “adjusted net
                                                                                  instances where the asset management segment is providing
earnings”, “adjusted earnings before income taxes”, “adjusted
                                                                                  investment management services or distributing its products
earnings before interest and taxes” (Adjusted EBIT), “earnings
                                                                                  through the Wealth Management segment are eliminated in
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization before sales
                                                                                  IGM Financial’s reporting such that there is no double-counting of
commissions” (EBITDA before sales commissions), and “earnings
                                                                                  the same client savings held at IGM Financial’s core businesses.
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization after sales
commissions” (EBITDA after sales commissions). These measures                   • Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of the Wealth
exclude other items which are items of a non-recurring nature, or                 Management segment. AUA are savings and investment products
that could make the period-over-period comparison of results from                 held within client accounts of our Wealth Management segment
operations less meaningful. Effective in the first quarter of 2024, these         core business.
measures also exclude the Company’s proportionate share of items
                                                                                • Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of the Asset
that Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco) excludes from its IFRS reported
                                                                                  Management segment. AUM are an additional driver of revenues
net earnings in arriving at Lifeco’s base earnings. Base earnings
                                                                                  and expenses within the Wealth Management segment in relation
is an alternate measure Lifeco uses to understand the underlying
                                                                                  to its investment management activities. AUM are client assets
business performance compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s
                                                                                  where we provide investment management services, and include
financial information can be obtained in its disclosure materials filed
                                                                                  investment funds where we are the fund manager, investment
on www.sedarplus.ca. Comparative periods have been restated to
                                                                                  advisory mandates to institutions, and other client accounts where
reflect this change. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes all
                                                                                  we have discretionary portfolio management responsibilities.
sales commissions. EBITDA after sales commissions includes all sales
commissions and highlights aggregate cash flows.                                • Assets Under Management and Advisement Including Strategic
                                                                                  Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents AUM&A including
Non-IFRS ratios include the following:
                                                                                  the Company’s proportionate share of the AUM&A of strategic
                                                                                  investments based on the Company’s interest in the strategic
 Ratio                   Numerator                  Denominator
                                                                                  investments. The strategic investments included are those whose
 Adjusted earnings       Adjusted net               Average number of             activities are primarily in asset and wealth management, and include
 per share               earnings available         outstanding common            ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller
 (Adjusted EPS)          to common                  shares on a diluted basis     client assets include assets under management and advisement
                         shareholders                                             as well as assets held for investment purposes and only receiving
 Return (Adjusted        Net earnings               Average                       administrative services.
 return) on equity       (Adjusted net              shareholders’ equity        • Working Capital which consists of current assets less current liabilities
 (ROE, Adjusted ROE)     earnings) available                                      excluding assets and liabilities not reflective of ongoing operations.
                         to common
                         shareholders                                           • Unallocated Capital represents capital not allocated to any of
                                                                                  the operating companies and which would be available for
 ROE (Adjusted ROE)      Net earnings               Average shareholders’         investment, debt repayment, distribution to shareholders or
 excluding the impact    (Adjusted net              equity excluding              other corporate purposes.
 of fair value through   earnings) available        the impact of fair
 other comprehensive     to common                  value through other
 income investments      shareholders               comprehensive income
                                                    investments net of tax




                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS              19
                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     C  3
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                              Summary of Consolidated Operating Results
                              IGM Financial Inc. (TSX:IGM) is a leading wealth and            shareholders for the three months ended September 30,
                              asset management company supporting advisors                    2025 were $298.1 million or $1.26 per share.
                              and the clients they serve in Canada, and institutional         Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders
                              investors globally. The Company operates through                (a non-IFRS measure – see Non-IFRS Financial
                              a number of operating subsidiaries and also holds a             Measures and Other Financial Measures and Table 1),
                              number of strategic investments that provide benefits           excluding other items outlined below, for the year
                              to these subsidiaries while furthering the Company’s            ended December 31, 2025 were at an all-time high of
                              growth prospects. The Company’s wealth management               $1,093.1 million or $4.61 per share, compared to adjusted
                              segment consists of IG Wealth Management (IG), and              net earnings available to common shareholders of
                              strategic investments in Rockefeller Capital Management         $939.0 million or $3.95 per share in 2024, representing
                              (Rockefeller) and Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                  an increase of 16.7% in adjusted earnings per share.
                              (Wealthsimple). The asset management segment consists           Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders,
                              of Mackenzie Investments (Mackenzie) and strategic              excluding other items outlined below, for the fourth
                              investments in China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                 quarter of 2025 were $301.4 million, an all-time high,
                              (ChinaAMC) and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf).
                              The Company also holds an investment in Great-West
                                                                                              Adjusted Net Earnings Available to Common
                              Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco).                                           Shareholders(1) and Adjusted Earnings per Share(1)
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and                     For the financial year ($ millions, except per share amounts)
                              Advisement Including Strategic Investments (AUM&A                                                                               1,093
                              Including SI) were $566.2 billion as at December 31,                            971
                                                                                                                                                        939
                              2025, the highest level in the history of the Company,                                                                          4.61
                                                                                                                           867           843
                              compared to $483.5 billion at December 31, 2024, as
                                                                                                              4.05                                     3.95
                              detailed in Table 6.
                                                                                                                           3.63          3.54
                              IGM Financial’s Assets Under Management and
                              Advisement (AUM&A) were $310.1 billion as at
                              December 31, 2025, a record quarter end high,
                              compared with $270.4 billion at December 31, 2024.
                              Average total AUM&A for the year ended December 31,
                              2025 were $287.1 billion compared to $256.0 billion in
                              2024. Average total AUM&A for the fourth quarter of
                              2025 were $307.5 billion compared to $269.3 billion in
                                                                                                             2021         2022         2023            2024   2025
                              the fourth quarter of 2024.
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders for the                            Adjusted Net Earnings Available to Common Shareholders

                              year ended December 31, 2025 were $1,101.0 million                               Adjusted Earnings per Share




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              or $4.64 per share, compared to net earnings available          Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders and adjusted
                              to common shareholders of $933.5 million or $3.93 per           earnings per share excluded the following after-tax amounts:
                              share in 2024, representing an increase of 18.1% in             2021 – additional consideration receivable related to the sale
                                                                                                     of Personal Capital in 2020.
                              earnings per share. Net earnings available to common
                                                                                              2022 – Lifeco other items.
                              shareholders for the three months ended December 31,
                                                                                              2023 – the gain on sale of IPC, gain on sale of Lifeco, Lifeco IFRS 17
                              2025 were $322.4 million or $1.36 per share compared                   adjustment, restructuring and other and Lifeco other items.
                              to net earnings available to common shareholders of             2024 – Lifeco other items, tax loss consolidation and Rockefeller’s
                              $254.7 million or $1.07 per share for the comparative                  one-time debt refinancing costs.
                              period in 2024, representing an increase of 27.1% in            2025 – Lifeco other items and gain on partial sales of investment in
                              earnings per share. Net earnings available to common                   associates.
                                                                                              (1) A Non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other
                                                                                                  Financial Measures section of this document.


                              20 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  4                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 1: Reconciliation of Non-IFRS Financial Measures
                                                                                                     Three months ended                Twelve months ended
                                                                                     2025              2025             2024             2025            2024
($ millions except EPS)                                                            Dec. 31           Sep. 30          Dec. 31          Dec. 31         Dec. 31
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                      $     301.4       $     301.2      $     250.0      $ 1,093.1       $     939.0
 Lifeco other items                                                                   (5.1)             (3.1)               –          (18.2)             (6.9)
 Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                        26.1                 –                –           26.1                 –
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                            –                 –                –              –              (3.3)
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                  –                 –              4.7              –               4.7
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                  $     322.4       $     298.1      $     254.7      $ 1,101.0       $     933.5
Adjusted earnings per share(1)                                                 $       1.27      $      1.27      $         1.05   $       4.61    $       3.95
 Lifeco other items                                                                   (0.02)           (0.01)                  –          (0.08)          (0.03)
 Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                         0.11                –                   –           0.11               –
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                             –                –                   –              –           (0.01)
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                   –                –                0.02              –            0.02
Earnings per share(2)                                                          $       1.36      $      1.26      $         1.07   $      4.64     $      3.93
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                   237,550           237,169          238,304          237,350         237,609

EBITDA before sales commissions(1)                                             $     477.5       $     474.5      $     409.3      $ 1,756.5       $ 1,547.3
 Sales–based commissions paid                                                        (35.8)            (30.8)           (34.4)        (128.2)         (129.7)
EBITDA after sales commissions(1)                                                    441.7             443.7            374.9          1,628.3         1,417.6
 Sales–based commissions paid subject to amortization                                 35.8              30.8             34.4            128.2           129.7
 Amortization of capitalized sales commissions                                       (29.7)            (29.0)           (27.3)          (114.8)         (105.5)
 Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                (24.5)            (24.6)           (23.7)            (98.0)          (92.7)
Adjusted earnings before interest and income taxes(1)                                423.3             420.9            358.3          1,543.7         1,349.1
 Interest expense(3)                                                                  32.6              32.4             32.5            129.2           129.4
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                             390.7             388.5            325.8          1,414.5         1,219.7
 Income taxes                                                                         87.2              87.0             75.1            315.4           276.8
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                             303.5             301.5            250.7          1,099.1           942.9
 Lifeco other items                                                                   (5.1)             (3.1)               –            (18.2)           (6.9)
 Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                        26.1                 –                –             26.1               –
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                            –                 –                –                –            (3.3)
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                  –                 –              4.7                –             4.7
Net earnings                                                                         324.5             298.4            255.4           1,107.0          937.4
 Non-controlling interest                                                              2.1               0.3              0.7               6.0            3.9
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                  $     322.4       $     298.1      $     254.7      $ 1,101.0       $     933.5
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Diluted earnings per share.
(3) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.




or $1.27 per share compared to adjusted net earnings                                  the fourth quarter. Lifeco excludes items from its IFRS




                                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
available to common shareholders of $250.0 million                                    reported net earnings to arrive at base earnings, which
or $1.05 per share for the comparative period in 2024.                                are an alternate measure Lifeco uses to understand
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders                                the underlying business performance compared
for the three months ended September 30, 2025 were                                    to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s financial information
$301.2 million or $1.27 per share.                                                    can be obtained in its disclosure materials filed on
Other items for the year ended December 31, 2025                                      www.sedarplus.ca.
consisted of:                                                                       • Gain on partial sales of investment in associates of
• The Company’s proportionate share of items Lifeco                                   $26.1 million net of tax and one-time costs, recorded
  excludes from its base earnings (Lifeco other items)                                in the fourth quarter.
  of ($18.2) million, including ($5.1) million recorded in


                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                  21
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        C  5
                              Other items for the year ended December 31, 2024                 • The S&P TSX Composite total return index increased
                              consisted of:                                                      by 6.3% in the fourth quarter of 2025 and by 31.7% for
                              • Tax loss consolidation of $4.7 million, recorded in              the year.
                                the fourth quarter, related to the benefit from tax            • U.S. equity markets, as measured by the S&P 500 total
                                loss consolidation transactions that the Company has             return index, increased by 2.7% in the fourth quarter
                                entered into with a subsidiary of Power.                         of 2025 and by 17.9% for the year.
                              • Lifeco other items of ($6.9) million (nil in the fourth        • European equity markets, as measured by the MSCI
                                quarter).                                                        Europe net total return index, increased by 6.3% in the
                              • The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller’s               fourth quarter of 2025 and by 19.4% for the year.
                                one-time debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million,               • Asian equity markets, as measured by the MSCI AC Asia
                                recorded in the second quarter, related to the early             Pacific net total return index, increased by 3.5% in the
                                repayment of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities.          fourth quarter of 2025 and by 28.0% for the year.
                              Total equity was $9.0 billion at December 31, 2025,              • Chinese equity markets, as measured by the CSI 300
                              compared to $7.9 billion at December 31, 2024. Adjusted            net total return index, increased by 0.2% in the fourth
                              ROE (a non-IFRS ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures            quarter of 2025 and by 20.6% for the year.
                              and Other Financial Measures) for the year ended                 • The FTSE TMX Canada Universe Bond total return
                              December 31, 2025 was 13.1%, unchanged from 2024.                  index, decreased by 0.3% in the fourth quarter of 2025
                              Adjusted ROE excluding the impact of fair value through            and increased by 2.6% for the year.
                              other comprehensive income investments (a non-IFRS               • Our clients experienced an average investment return
                              ratio – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other                  of 1.4% in the fourth quarter of 2025 and 11.9% for
                              Financial Measures) for the year ended December 31,                the year.
                              2025 was 15.5% compared with 14.4% in 2024. The
                                                                                               IGM Financial’s AUM&A increased by 14.7% from
                              quarterly dividend per common share was 56.25 cents
                                                                                               $270.4 billion at December 31, 2024 to $310.1 billion at
                              in 2025, unchanged from the end of 2024.
                                                                                               December 31, 2025.

                              2025 Developments                                                Reportable Segments
                              Rockefeller Capital Management
                                                                                               The Company’s reportable segments are Wealth
                              In December 2025, the Company closed transactions with           Management, Asset Management and Corporate & Other
                              Rockefeller, receiving total proceeds of $394.2 million          and reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and
                              comprised primarily of a return of capital, as well as           performance measurement (Tables 2, 3 and 4):
                              an equity sale. The Company’s interest decreased to              • Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core
                              17.2% due to the equity sale and adjustment to certain             business and strategic investments that are principally
                              previously issued share-based awards which aligns                  focused on providing financial planning and related
                              Rockefeller’s management with long-term equity                     services to retail client households. This segment
                              ownership. As a result, the investment’s carrying                  includes the activities of IG Wealth Management
                              value decreased and a gain was recognized in the                   which is a retail distribution organization that serves
                              Consolidated Statements of Earnings.                               Canadian households through its investment dealer
                                                                                                 and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                                       products and services. A majority of the revenues of
                              During the fourth quarter, the Company participated in             this segment are derived from providing financial
                              a $550 million primary equity offering by Wealthsimple,            advice and distributing financial products and services
                              investing $100 million and valuing the Company’s total             to Canadian households. This segment also includes
                              investment at $2,258 million.                                      the investment management activities of these
                                                                                                 organizations, including mutual fund management
                              Market Overview                                                    and discretionary portfolio management services.
                              Financial market returns were positive for the year ended          This segment also includes the Company’s strategic
                              December 31, 2025:                                                 investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple.
                                                                                                 Rockefeller is classified as an investment in associate
                                                                                                 and accounted for using the equity method, with


                              22   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  6                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 2: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q4 2025 vs. Q4 2024
                                                  Wealth Management                       Asset Management              Corporate & Other                                Total
Three months ended                                       2025             2024              2025           2024           2025           2024            2025           2024
($ millions)                                           Dec. 31          Dec. 31           Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31         Dec. 31        Dec. 31
Revenues
 Wealth management                                 $     736.2      $     650.3       $         –    $         –    $      (4.5)   $      (2.8)    $     731.7    $     647.5

 Asset management                                             –                 –           307.1          288.3          (28.4)         (26.7)          278.7          261.6
 Dealer compensation expense                                  –                 –           (86.5)         (84.0)          (1.8)           (1.2)         (88.3)         (85.2)
 Net asset management                                         –                 –           220.6          204.3          (30.2)         (27.9)          190.4          176.4

 Net investment income and other                            1.7               3.3             2.0            8.5            5.8            5.5             9.5           17.3
 Proportionate share of associates’
 earnings                                                 12.2                (2.4)          32.9           29.2           31.1           26.3            76.2           53.1
                                                         750.1            651.2             255.5          242.0            2.2            1.1         1,007.8          894.3
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                       307.1            274.1              30.2           24.2              –              –           337.3          298.3
 Operations and support                                  119.9            118.4             102.6           97.1            0.2            1.0           222.7          216.5
 Sub-advisory                                             57.4             50.5               1.7            1.6          (34.6)         (30.9)           24.5           21.2
                                                        484.4             443.0            134.5           122.9          (34.4)         (29.9)         584.5           536.0
Adjusted earnings before interest
and taxes(1)                                             265.7            208.2             121.0          119.1           36.6           31.0           423.3          358.3
Interest expense(2)                                       26.0             26.0               6.6            6.5              –              –            32.6           32.5
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                 239.7            182.2            114.4           112.6           36.6           31.0           390.7          325.8
Income taxes                                              62.0             49.3             23.7            24.4            1.5            1.4            87.2           75.1
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                 177.7            132.9              90.7           88.2           35.1           29.6           303.5          250.7
Non-controlling interest                                     –                –               2.1            0.7              –              –             2.1            0.7
Adjusted net earnings available to
common shareholders(1)                             $     177.7      $     132.9       $      88.6    $      87.5    $      35.1    $      29.6          301.4           250.0
Other items(1), net of tax
Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                        (5.1)             –
Gain on partial sales of investment
in associates                                                                                                                                             26.1              –
Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                                                       –            4.7
Net earnings available to common
shareholders                                                                                                                                       $     322.4    $     254.7
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.



  the proportionate share of earnings included in                                              investors. This segment also includes the Company’s
  revenue. Wealthsimple is classified as an investment                                         strategic investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf
  which is accounted for at fair value through other                                           which are classified as investments in associates




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  comprehensive income (FVTOCI) and therefore has                                              and accounted for using the equity method. The
  no impact on the segment earnings.                                                           proportionate share of earnings on these investments
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core                                       are included in the segment’s revenue.
  business and strategic investments primarily focused                                       • Corporate and Other – primarily represents the
  on providing investment management services.                                                 investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the
  This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie                                            Company’s unallocated capital, as well as consolidation
  Investments which provides investment management                                             elimination entries.
  services to a suite of investment funds that are                                           Assets Under Management and Advisement (AUM&A)
  distributed through third party dealers and financial                                      represents the consolidated AUM and AUA of IGM
  advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates                                      Financial’s core businesses IG Wealth Management and
  to financial institutions, pensions and other institutional                                Mackenzie Investments. In the Wealth Management

                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                 23
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                       C  7
                              Table 3: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Twelve Months Ended
                                                                              Wealth Management                 Asset Management               Corporate & Other                               Total
                              Twelve months ended                                    2025          2024           2025           2024            2025             2024         2025            2024
                              ($ millions)                                         Dec. 31       Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31         Dec. 31          Dec. 31      Dec. 31         Dec. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                               $ 2,732.8     $ 2,445.6      $         –    $         –     $     (15.4)     $       (9.5)   $ 2,717.4    $ 2,436.1

                               Asset management                                         –              –        1,169.8        1,108.2          (108.7)          (105.5)     1,061.1         1,002.7
                               Dealer compensation expense                              –              –         (335.7)        (325.3)            (6.2)            (3.9)     (341.9)         (329.2)
                               Net asset management                                     –              –         834.1           782.9          (114.9)          (109.4)       719.2           673.5

                               Net investment income and other                         8.0          12.4           15.2           23.2            19.1             17.4         42.3            53.0
                               Proportionate share of associates’
                               earnings                                               11.3         (10.1)         158.5          133.1           112.6            100.0        282.4           223.0
                                                                                   2,752.1       2,447.9        1,007.8          939.2              1.4             (1.5)    3,761.3         3,385.6
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                   1,152.7       1,033.9           99.8           86.8               –                –      1,252.5         1,120.7
                               Operations and support                                476.1         463.0          394.8          372.1             2.5              2.6        873.4           837.7
                               Sub-advisory                                          215.9         191.4            6.1            5.7          (130.3)          (119.0)        91.7            78.1
                                                                                   1,844.7       1,688.3         500.7           464.6          (127.8)          (116.4)     2,217.6         2,036.5
                              Adjusted earnings before interest
                              and taxes(1)                                           907.4         759.6          507.1          474.6           129.2            114.9      1,543.7         1,349.1
                              Interest expense(2)                                    103.2         103.3           26.0           26.1               –                –        129.2           129.4
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)              804.2          656.3         481.1           448.5           129.2            114.9      1,414.5         1,219.7
                              Income taxes                                          213.2          178.6          97.7            94.2             4.5              4.0        315.4           276.8
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                               591.0         477.7          383.4          354.3           124.7            110.9      1,099.1           942.9
                              Non-controlling interest                                   –             –            6.0            3.9               –                –          6.0             3.9
                              Adjusted net earnings available to
                              common shareholders(1)                           $     591.0   $     477.7    $     377.4    $     350.4     $     124.7      $     110.9      1,093.1           939.0
                              Other items(1), net of tax
                              Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                (18.2)          (6.9)
                              Gain on partial sales of investment in
                              associates                                                                                                                                        26.1               –
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                                         –            (3.3)
                              Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                                               –             4.7
                              Net earnings available to common
                              shareholders                                                                                                                                  $ 1,101.0    $     933.5
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.



                              segment, AUM is a component part of AUA. All instances                               driver of revenues and expenses within the Wealth
                              where the Asset Management segment is providing                                      Management segment in relation to its investment




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              investment management services or distributing its                                   management activities. AUM are client assets where we
                              products through the Wealth Management segment are                                   provide investment management services, and include
                              eliminated in IGM Financial’s reporting such that there                              investment funds where we are the fund manager,
                              is no double-counting of the same client savings held at                             investment advisory mandates to institutions, and other
                              IGM Financial’s core businesses.                                                     client accounts where we have discretionary portfolio
                              Assets Under Advisement (AUA) are the key driver of                                  management responsibilities.
                              the Wealth Management segment. AUA are savings and                                   Assets Under Management and Advisement Including
                              investment products held within client accounts of our                               Strategic Investments (AUM&A Including SI) represents
                              Wealth Management segment operating companies.                                       AUM&A including the Company’s proportionate share
                              Assets Under Management (AUM) are the key driver of                                  of the AUM&A of strategic investments based on
                              the Asset Management segment. AUM are an additional                                  the Company’s interest in the strategic investments.


                              24 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  8                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 4: Consolidated Operating Results by Segment – Q4 2025 vs. Q3 2025
                                                   Wealth Management                     Asset Management              Corporate & Other                                Total
Three months ended                                        2025             2025            2025           2025           2025           2025            2025           2025
($ millions)                                            Dec. 31          Sep. 30         Dec. 31        Sep. 30        Dec. 31        Sep. 30         Dec. 31        Sep. 30
Revenues
 Wealth management                                  $     736.2      $     700.8     $         –    $         –    $      (4.5)   $      (4.0)    $     731.7    $     696.8

 Asset management                                              –                –          307.1          298.2          (28.4)         (27.5)          278.7          270.7
 Dealer compensation expense                                   –                –          (86.5)         (84.6)          (1.8)           (1.6)         (88.3)         (86.2)
 Net asset management                                          –                –          220.6          213.6          (30.2)         (29.1)          190.4          184.5

 Net investment income and other                             1.7               2.0           2.0            6.7            5.8            4.6             9.5           13.3
 Proportionate share of associates’
 earnings                                                  12.2                3.2          32.9           47.6           31.1           29.5            76.2           80.3
                                                          750.1            706.0           255.5          267.9            2.2            1.0         1,007.8          974.9
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                        307.1            287.1            30.2           22.0              –              –           337.3          309.1
 Operations and support                                   119.9            122.2           102.6           98.3            0.2            0.6           222.7          221.1
 Sub-advisory                                              57.4             55.4             1.7            1.6          (34.6)         (33.2)           24.5           23.8
                                                         484.4             464.7          134.5           121.9          (34.4)         (32.6)         584.5           554.0
Adjusted earnings before interest
and taxes(1)                                              265.7            241.3           121.0          146.0           36.6           33.6           423.3          420.9
Interest expense(2)                                        26.0             25.9             6.6            6.5              –              –            32.6           32.4
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                  239.7            215.4          114.4           139.5           36.6           33.6           390.7          388.5
Income taxes                                               62.0             57.2           23.7            28.6            1.5            1.2            87.2           87.0
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                  177.7            158.2            90.7          110.9           35.1           32.4           303.5          301.5
Non-controlling interest                                      –                –             2.1            0.3              –              –             2.1            0.3
Adjusted net earnings available to
common shareholders(1)                              $     177.7      $     158.2     $      88.6    $     110.6    $      35.1    $      32.4          301.4           301.2
Other items(1), net of tax
Lifeco other items                                                                                                                                       (5.1)           (3.1)
Gain on partial sales of investment in
associates                                                                                                                                               26.1              –
Net earnings available to common
shareholders                                                                                                                                      $     322.4    $     298.1
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.



The strategic investments included are those whose                                            financial services. Revenues include financial
activities are primarily in asset and wealth management,                                      advisory fees, investment management and related
and include ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller and                                              administration fees, distribution revenue associated
Wealthsimple. Rockefeller client assets include AUM&A                                         with insurance and banking products and services,




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
as well as assets held for investment purposes and only                                       and revenue relating to mortgage lending activities.
receiving administrative services.                                                          • Asset management revenue – revenues earned by
                                                                                              the Asset Management segment related to investment
Financial Presentation                                                                        management advisory and administrative services.
The financial presentation includes revenues and                                            • Dealer compensation – asset-based and sales-
expenses to align with the key drivers of business activity                                   based compensation paid to dealers by the Asset
and to reflect our emphasis on business growth and                                            Management segment.
operational efficiency. The categories are as follows:                                      • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings – the
• Wealth management revenue – revenues earned                                                 Company’s proportionate share of earnings from
  by the Wealth Management segment for providing                                              equity investments including Lifeco, ChinaAMC,
  financial planning, investment advisory and related                                         Northleaf and Rockefeller.

                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                               25
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                     C  9
                              Table 5: Effective Income Tax Rate
                                                                                                               Three months ended                        Twelve months ended
                                                                                              2025            2025                  2024                   2025          2024
                                                                                            Dec. 31         Sep. 30               Dec. 31                Dec. 31       Dec. 31
                              Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial
                              statutory rates                                                 26.59 %           26.62 %               26.58 %                26.60 %     26.57 %
                               Effect of:
                                 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings(1)               (4.18)            (4.35)                (3.55)                 (4.30)      (3.95)
                                 Other                                                         0.30              0.10                     –                   0.07        0.05
                               Other items:
                                Lifeco other items                                             0.31              0.21                     –                   0.34        0.15
                                Gain on partial sales of investment in associates              1.54                 –                     –                   0.46           –
                                Rockefeller debt refinancing                                      –                 –                     –                      –        0.07
                                Tax loss consolidation                                            –                 –                 (1.44)                     –       (0.39)
                              Effective income tax rate – net earnings available to
                              common shareholders                                            24.56 %            22.58 %               21.59 %                23.17 %     22.50 %
                              (1) Includes proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings.



                              • Advisory and business development expenses –                          Interest expense represents interest expense on
                                expenses incurred on activities directly associated                   long-term debt and leases. Interest expense is allocated
                                with providing financial planning services to                         to each segment based on management’s assessment of:
                                clients of the Wealth Management segment and                          i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt is
                                wholesale distribution activities performed by the                    being serviced.
                                Asset Management segment. Expenses include                            Income taxes are reported in each segment. IGM Financial
                                compensation, recognition and other support                           consolidated changes in the effective tax rates are
                                provided to our advisors, field management, product                   detailed in Table 5.
                                & planning specialists; expenses associated with
                                facilities, technology and training relating to our                   Tax planning may result in the Company recording
                                advisors and specialists; other business development                  lower levels of income taxes. Management monitors the
                                activities including direct marketing and advertising.                status of its income tax filings and regularly assesses the
                                A significant component of these expenses varies                      overall adequacy of its provision for income taxes and,
                                directly with levels of assets under management                       as a result, income taxes recorded in prior years may be
                                or advisement, business development measures                          adjusted in the current year. The effect of changes in
                                including sales and client acquisition, and the number                management’s best estimates reported in adjusted net
                                of advisor and client relationships.                                  earnings is reflected in Other, which also includes, but
                                                                                                      is not limited to, the effect of lower effective income tax
                              • Operations and support expenses – expenses
                                                                                                      rates on foreign operations.
                                associated with business operations, including
                                technology and business processes; in-house                           Other items, as reflected in Tables 2, 3 and 4, include
                                investment management and product shelf                               the after-tax impact of any item that management
                                management; corporate management and                                  considers to be of a non-recurring nature or that could




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                support functions. These expenses primarily reflect                   make the period-over-period comparison of results
                                compensation, technology and other service                            from operations less meaningful and are not allocated
                                provider expenses.                                                    to segments.
                              • Sub-advisory expenses – reflects fees relating to                     Other items for the year ended December 31, 2025
                                investment management services provided by third                      consisted of:
                                party or related party investment management                          • Lifeco other items of ($18.2) million, including
                                organizations. These fees typically are variable with                   ($5.1) million recorded in the fourth quarter.
                                the level of assets under management. These fees
                                                                                                      • Gain on partial sales of investment in associates of
                                include investment advisory services performed                          $26.1 million net of tax and one-time costs, recorded
                                for the Wealth Management segment by the Asset                          in the fourth quarter.
                                Management segment.

                              26 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     C  10                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Other items for the year ended December 31, 2024                           At December 31, 2025, Northleaf’s AUM was $35.0 billion,
consisted of:                                                              compared to $32.0 billion at December 31, 2024, an
• Tax loss consolidation of $4.7 million, recorded in                      increase of 9.4%. IGM Financial holds a 56% economic
  the fourth quarter, related to the benefit from tax                      interest in Northleaf.
  loss consolidation transactions that the Company                         At December 31, 2025, Rockefeller’s client assets were
  has entered into with a subsidiary of Power.                             USD $197.7 billion ($271.4 billion), compared to USD
• Lifeco other items of ($6.9) million (nil in the fourth                  $151.2 billion ($217.7 billion) at December 31, 2024, an
  quarter).                                                                increase of 30.8% (CAD 24.7%). IGM Financial holds
• The Company’s proportionate share of Rockefeller                         a 17.2% interest in Rockefeller, compared to 20.5% at
  one-time debt refinancing costs of $3.3 million,                         December 31, 2024.
  recorded in the second quarter, related to the early                     At December 31, 2025, Wealthsimple’s AUA was
  repayment of one of Rockefeller’s financing facilities.                  $111.3 billion, compared to $64.0 billion at December 31,
                                                                           2024, an increase of 74.0%. IGM Financial holds a
Total AUM&A                                                                25.5% interest in Wealthsimple, compared to 27.2% at
IGM Financial’s AUM&A Including SI were $566.2 billion                     December 31, 2024.
as at December 31, 2025 compared to $483.5 billion at                      Changes in AUM&A for the Wealth Management and
December 31, 2024, as detailed in Table 6.                                 Asset Management segments are discussed further in
AUM&A were $310.1 billion at December 31, 2025                             each of their respective Review of the Business sections
compared to $270.4 billion at December 31, 2024,                           in the MD&A.
an increase of 14.7%. AUM were $289.9 billion at
December 31, 2025 compared to $253.1 billion at                            Selected Annual Information
December 31, 2024, an increase of 14.5%.                                   Financial information for the three most recently
AUM&A net inflows for the twelve months ended                              completed years is included in Table 7.
December 31, 2025 were $8.8 billion compared to net                        Net Earnings and Earnings per Share – Except as noted
outflows of $1.2 billion in 2024. Investment fund net sales                in the reconciliation in Table 7, variations in net earnings
for the twelve month period were $4.8 billion in 2025                      and total revenues result primarily from changes in
compared to net redemptions of $1.8 billion in 2024.                       average AUM&A.
Net inflows in the fourth quarter of 2025 were $2.2 billion
                                                                           AUM&A Including SI were $390.6 billion in 2023,
compared to net inflows of $244 million in the fourth
                                                                           increased to $483.5 billion in 2024 and increased to
quarter of 2024, as detailed in Table 6. Fourth quarter
                                                                           $566.2 billion in 2025. The increase in 2024 was driven
investment fund net sales were $2.3 billion compared
                                                                           largely by changes in financial markets during the
to net sales of $7 million in 2024. Net flows and net sales
                                                                           periods as well as net flows of strategic investments.
are based on AUM&A excluding sub-advisory assets to
                                                                           The increase in 2025 was driven primarily by changes
Canada Life and to the Wealth Management segment.
                                                                           in financial markets as well as net flows.
The Company also benefits from the underlying assets
                                                                           AUM&A were $240.2 billion in 2023, increased to
under management of the Company’s investments in
                                                                           $270.4 billion in 2024 and increased to $310.1 billion
associates, including ChinaAMC, Northleaf, Rockefeller
                                                                           in 2025. Changes were driven largely by changes in
and its investment in Wealthsimple which is classified as




                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                           financial markets during the periods. Average total
FVTOCI. The Company has included its proportionate
                                                                           AUM&A for the year ended December 31, 2025 were
share of the AUM&A of these investments in its AUM&A
                                                                           $287.1 billion compared to $256.0 billion in 2024. The
Including SI based on its direct and indirect interest in
                                                                           impact on earnings and revenues of changes in average
these companies.
                                                                           total AUM&A and other pertinent items are discussed in
At December 31, 2025, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥                              the Review of Segment Operating Results sections of the
3,014.5 billion ($591.4 billion), compared to RMB¥                         MD&A for both IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie.
2,464.5 billion ($486.2 billion) at December 31, 2024,
                                                                           Dividends per Common Share – Annual dividends per
an increase of 22.3% (CAD 21.6%). IGM Financial holds
                                                                           common share were $2.25 in 2025, unchanged from 2024
a 27.8% interest in ChinaAMC.
                                                                           and 2023.



                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   27
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  11
                              Table 6: AUM&A
                                                                                                          Wealth                       Asset                   Intercompany
                                                                                                     Management(1)               Management(2)                   Eliminations               Consolidated
                                                                                                 2025          2024           2025          2024           2025           2024            2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                     Dec. 31       Dec. 31        Dec. 31       Dec. 31        Dec. 31        Dec. 31         Dec. 31     Dec. 31
                              Three months ended
                              Gross flows
                               Mutual fund gross sales(3)                                     $ 4,514 $         3,814 $        2,792 $       2,188 $              – $             – $     7,306 $     6,002
                               Dealer gross inflows                                             4,769           3,917              –             –                –               –       4,769       3,917
                              Net flows
                               Mutual fund net sales(3)                                              347           384         (514)           (699)              –               –       (167)        (315)
                               ETF net creations                                                       –             –        2,505             322               –               –      2,505          322
                               Investment fund net sales(4)                                          347           384        1,991            (377)              –               –       2,338           7
                               Institutional SMA net sales(5)                                          –             –         (519)             68               –               –        (519)         68
                               IGM product net sales                                                 347           384         1,472           (309)              –               –       1,819         75
                               Other dealer net flows                                                347           169             –              –               –               –         347        169
                               Total net flows                                                       694           553         1,472           (309)              –               –      2,166         244
                              Twelve months ended
                              Gross flows
                               Mutual fund gross sales(3)                                     $ 17,081 $ 15,126 $              9,826 $       8,499 $              – $             – $ 26,907 $ 23,625
                               Dealer gross inflows                                             16,329   14,613                    –             –                –               –   16,329   14,613
                              Net flows
                               Mutual fund net sales(3)(6)                                        2,313           (230)      (1,799)        (2,700)               –               –        514       (2,930)
                               ETF net creations                                                      –              –        4,299          1,088                –               –      4,299        1,088
                               Investment fund net sales(4)                                       2,313           (230)       2,500         (1,612)               –               –       4,813      (1,842)
                               Institutional SMA net sales(5)(6)                                      –              –        4,237           (389)               –               –       4,237        (389)
                               IGM product net sales                                              2,313           (230)        6,737        (2,001)               –               –       9,050      (2,231)
                               Other dealer net flows                                              (250)           986             –             –                –               –        (250)        986
                               Total net flows                                                    2,063            756         6,737        (2,001)               –               –      8,800       (1,245)
                              (1) Mackenzie Investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are reported within IG Wealth Management’s AUM and Mackenzie Sub-advisory and
                                  AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (2) Asset Management flows activity excludes sub-advisory to Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment.
                              (3) Wealth Management AUM and net sales include separately managed accounts.
                              (4) Investment funds:
                                  2025 Q4 – An institutional client made portfolio construction changes within their offering that resulted in an allocation of $1.6 billion into Mackenzie ETFs.
                                       Q1 – An institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions of $144 million.
                              (5) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
                                  2025 Q4 – An institutional client re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities totalling $345 million on a mandate advised upon by Mackenzie as part of an overall
                                            asset allocation decision. Mackenzie continues to sub-advise on this mandate.
                                       Q3 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.7 billion.
                                       Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
                                       Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
                              (6) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
                                  by Mackenzie:
                                  2025 Q2 – $24 million
                                  2024 Q1 – $177 million




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Summary of Quarterly Results                                                                Changes in average AUM&A over the eight most recent
                                                                                                                          quarters, as shown in Table 8, largely reflect the impact
                              The Summary of Quarterly Results in Table 8 includes
                                                                                                                          of changes in domestic and foreign markets and net sales
                              the eight most recent quarters and the reconciliation
                                                                                                                          of the Company.
                              of non-IFRS financial measures to net earnings in
                              accordance with IFRS.




                              28     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                     C  12                                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 6: AUM&A (continued)

                                                                              Wealth                 Asset              Intercompany
                                                                         Management            Management                 Eliminations(1)            Consolidated
                                                                    2025         2024        2025       2024          2025         2024          2025         2024
($ millions)                                                      Dec. 31      Dec. 31     Dec. 31    Dec. 31       Dec. 31      Dec. 31       Dec. 31      Dec. 31

AUM&A
 IG Wealth Management
  AUM(2)                                                        $ 138,748 $123,200
  Other AUA                                                        20,193   17,220
  AUA                                                             158,941      140,420
 Mackenzie Investments
  Mutual funds                                                                            $ 65,671 $ 61,435
  ETFs(3)                                                                                   12,462    7,258
  Investment funds                                                                          78,133      68,693

  Institutional SMA                                                                        14,491        8,375
  Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                              58,525       52,879
  Total Institutional SMA                                                                   73,016      61,254

  Third Party AUM                                                                          151,149     129,947
  Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management                                                 92,837      83,369
  Total AUM                                                                                243,986     213,316
 Consolidated
  AUM                                                           $ 138,748 $123,200 $243,986 $ 213,316 $ (92,837) $ (83,369) $ 289,897 $253,147
  AUM&A                                                           158,941 140,420 243,986 213,316 (92,837) (83,369) 310,090 270,367
 Strategic investments(4)
  ChinaAMC                                                                                 164,404     135,173
  Northleaf                                                                                 19,582      17,926
  Rockefeller                                                      46,687       44,542
  Wealthsimple                                                     28,389       17,400
  Intra-segment eliminations                                           (8)          (8)       (435)        (361)
                                                                   75,068       61,934     183,551     152,738        (2,485)      (1,544)     256,134      213,128
 Consolidated AUM&A Including SI                                $234,009 $202,354 $ 427,537 $ 366,054 $ (95,322) $ (84,913) $566,224 $ 483,495
(1) Consolidated results eliminate double counting where business is reflected within multiple segments.
(2) Wealth Management AUM includes separately managed accounts.
(3) ETF assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products were $24.1 billion at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $15.5 billion).
(4) Proportionate share of strategic investments’ AUM comprised of 27.8% (2024 – 27.8%) of ChinaAMC’s AUM, 56% (2024 – 56%) of Northleaf’s AUM, 17.2% (2024 – 20.5%) of
    Rockefeller’s client assets, and 25.5% (2024 – 27.2%) of Wealthsimple’s AUA.




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                        29
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            C  13
                              Table 7: Selected Annual Information
                                                                                                                                                                   2025          2024          2023
                              Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
                              Revenues
                               Wealth management                                                                                                           $    2,717.4 $      2,436.1 $     2,199.7
                               Net asset management                                                                                                               719.2          673.5         634.9
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                                      42.3          53.0           37.6
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                        282.4          223.0         207.4
                                                                                                                                                                3,761.3        3,385.6       3,079.6
                              Expenses                                                                                                                          2,346.8        2,165.9       1,997.5
                                                                                                                                                                1,414.5        1,219.7       1,082.1
                              Lifeco other items                                                                                                                   (18.2)          (6.9)        (22.4)
                              Gain on partial sales of investment in associates                                                                                     44.6              –              –
                              Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                              –          (3.3)             –
                              Restructuring and other                                                                                                                   –             –       (103.3)
                              Gain on sale of Lifeco                                                                                                                    –             –        172.9
                              Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                                                 –             –          15.1
                              Earnings before income taxes                                                                                                      1,440.9        1,209.5       1,144.4
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                        333.9          272.1         215.1
                              Net earnings from continuing operations                                                                                           1,107.0          937.4         929.3
                              Net earnings from discontinued operations                                                                                                 –             –        223.2
                              Net earnings                                                                                                                      1,107.0          937.4       1,152.5
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                               (6.0)         (3.9)          (3.6)
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                $    1,101.0 $        933.5 $     1,148.9
                              Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                                    $    1,093.1 $        939.0 $       843.1
                              Other items:
                                Lifeco other items                                                                                                                 (18.2)          (6.9)        (22.4)
                                Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                                                                       26.1              –             –
                                Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                                                                           –           (3.3)            –
                                Tax loss consolidation                                                                                                                 –            4.7             –
                                Gain on sale of IPC                                                                                                                    –              –        220.7
                                Restructuring and other, net of tax                                                                                                    –              –         (76.2)
                                Gain on sale of Lifeco, net of tax                                                                                                     –              –        168.6
                                Lifeco IFRS 17 adjustment                                                                                                              –              –          15.1
                              Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                $    1,101.0 $        933.5 $     1,148.9
                              Earnings per share ($)
                              Adjusted earnings per share(1)
                                – Basic                                                                                                                    $        4.62 $        3.96 $        3.54
                                – Diluted                                                                                                                           4.61          3.95          3.54
                              Earnings per share
                                – Basic                                                                                                                             4.66          3.93          4.83
                                – Diluted                                                                                                                           4.64          3.93          4.82
                              Dividends per share ($) – Common                                                                                             $        2.25 $        2.25 $        2.25
                              Average AUM&A(2) ($ billions)
                                Investment fund AUM                                                                                                        $      202.8 $        181.7 $       164.8
                                AUM                                                                                                                               269.7          241.0         220.7




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                AUM&A                                                                                                                             287.1          256.0         232.8
                              Ending AUM&A(2) ($ billions)
                                Investment fund AUM                                                                                                        $      216.9    $     191.9   $     169.5
                                AUM                                                                                                                               289.9          253.1         226.6
                                AUM&A                                                                                                                             310.1          270.4         240.2
                              Ending AUM&A Including SI(2) ($ billions)                                                                                    $      566.2    $     483.5   $     390.6
                              Total corporate assets ($ millions)                                                                                          $     22,402    $    20,683   $    18,663
                              Total long-term debt ($ millions)                                                                                            $      2,400    $     2,400   $     2,400
                              Outstanding common shares (thousands)                                                                                             235,138        237,879       238,132
                              Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                                                                  237,350        237,609       238,418

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.
                              (2) AUM, AUA and AUM&A exclude IPC discontinued operations.




                              30 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     C  14                                                                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 8: Summary of Quarterly Results
                                                                                       2025       2025        2025        2025        2024        2024        2024        2024
                                                                                        Q4         Q3          Q2          Q1          Q4          Q3          Q2          Q1
Consolidated statements of earnings ($ millions)
Revenues
 Wealth management                                                               $    731.7 $     696.8 $     649.4 $     639.5 $     647.5 $    616.0 $     590.0 $      582.6

 Asset management                                                                     278.7       270.7       253.8       257.9       261.6      253.4       245.8        241.9
 Dealer compensation expense                                                          (88.3)       (86.2)      (82.3)      (85.1)      (85.2)     (82.8)      (81.1)       (80.1)
 Net asset management                                                                 190.4       184.5       171.5       172.8       176.4      170.6       164.7        161.8

 Net investment income and other                                                         9.5       13.3        11.7         7.8        17.3        10.1        10.0        15.6
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                            76.2       80.3        66.1        59.8        53.1        61.4        55.7        52.8
                                                                                     1,007.8      974.9       898.7       879.9       894.3      858.1       820.4        812.8
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                    337.3       309.1       304.8       301.3       298.3      278.3       278.5        265.6
 Operations and support                                                               222.7       221.1       213.8       215.8       216.5      211.4       205.9        203.9
 Sub-advisory                                                                          24.5        23.8        21.7        21.7        21.2       20.0        19.1         17.8
 Interest(1)                                                                           32.6        32.4        32.2        32.0        32.5       32.4        32.2         32.3
                                                                                      617.1       586.4       572.5       570.8       568.5      542.1       535.7        519.6
Earnings before undernoted                                                            390.7       388.5       326.2       309.1       325.8      316.0       284.7        293.2
Lifeco other items                                                                      (5.1)       (3.1)       (6.0)       (4.0)         –        (4.9)       (0.9)        (1.1)
Gain on partial sales of investment in associates                                      44.6           –           –           –           –          –            –           –
Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                              –           –           –           –           –          –         (3.3)          –
Earnings before income taxes                                                          430.2       385.4       320.2       305.1       325.8      311.1       280.5        292.1
Income taxes                                                                          105.7        87.0        71.6        69.6        70.4       71.2        63.2         67.3
Net earnings                                                                          324.5       298.4       248.6       235.5       255.4      239.9       217.3        224.8
Non-controlling interest                                                                2.1         0.3         1.9         1.7         0.7        0.7         1.1          1.4
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                    $    322.4 $     298.1 $     246.7 $     233.8 $     254.7 $    239.2 $     216.2 $      223.4
Reconciliation of non-IFRS financial measures ($ millions)
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(2)                        $    301.4 $     301.2 $     252.7 $     237.8 $     250.0 $    244.1 $     220.4 $      224.5
Other items:
 Lifeco other items                                                                     (5.1)       (3.1)       (6.0)       (4.0)         –        (4.9)       (0.9)        (1.1)
 Gain on partial sales of investment in associates, net of tax                         26.1            –           –           –          –           –           –            –
 Rockefeller debt refinancing                                                              –           –           –           –          –           –        (3.3)           –
 Tax loss consolidation                                                                    –           –           –           –        4.7           –           –            –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                    $    322.4 $     298.1 $     246.7 $     233.8 $     254.7 $    239.2 $     216.2 $      223.4
Earnings per share ($)
Adjusted earnings per share(2)
 – Basic                                                                         $     1.28 $      1.28 $      1.07 $      1.00 $      1.05 $      1.03 $      0.93 $      0.94
 – Diluted                                                                             1.27        1.27        1.07        1.00        1.05        1.03        0.93        0.94
Earnings per share
 – Basic                                                                               1.37        1.26        1.04        0.99        1.07        1.01        0.91        0.94
 – Diluted                                                                             1.36        1.26        1.04        0.98        1.07        1.01        0.91        0.94
Average outstanding shares – Diluted (thousands)                                     237,550    237,169     237,236     238,233     238,304     236,931     237,397     238,112
Average AUM&A ($ billions)




                                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Investment fund AUM                                                             $    217.0 $     206.1 $     192.8 $     195.1 $     192.0 $    183.8 $     178.0 $      173.0
 AUM                                                                                  289.2       274.2       257.2       257.7       253.3      243.4       236.3        231.0
 AUM&A                                                                                307.5       291.7       273.8       274.7       269.3      258.6       250.9        245.0
Ending AUM&A ($ billions)
 Investment fund AUM                                                             $    216.7 $     213.7 $     200.7 $     193.4 $     191.9 $    188.6 $     179.4 $      178.5
 AUM                                                                                  289.9       284.7       266.8       258.1       253.1      249.3       237.4        237.7
 AUM&A                                                                                310.1       302.6       283.9       275.0       270.4      264.9       252.4        252.2
Ending AUM&A Including SI ($ billions)                                           $    566.2 $     562.4 $     521.1 $     503.6 $     483.5 $    461.6 $     431.7 $      422.8

(1) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and leases.
(2) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                               31
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   C  15
                              Wealth Management
                              The Wealth Management segment includes IG Wealth                 • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
                              Management and strategic investments in Rockefeller                Company’s proportionate share of earnings from
                              and Wealthsimple.                                                  the segment’s equity investments.
                              Wealth Management revenue consists of:                           Sub-advisory fees are paid between segments and
                              • Advisory fees are related to providing financial advice        to third parties for investment management services
                                to clients including fees related to the distribution          provided to our investment products. Wealth
                                of products and depend largely on the level and                Management is considered a client of the Asset
                                composition of AUA. Advisory fees also include net             Management segment and transfer pricing is based on
                                interest income from client cash on deposit.                   values for similar sized asset management mandates.
                              • Product and program fees are related to the                    Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM
                                management of investment products and include                  Financial segment based on management’s assessment
                                management, administration and other related fees              of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt
                                and depend largely on the level and composition of             is being serviced. Income taxes are also reported in
                                assets under management.                                       each segment.
                              • Other financial planning revenues are fees primarily
                                related to providing clients other financial products
                                including mortgages, insurance and banking products.




                              Review of the Business
                              IG Wealth Management, founded in 1926, is a                      IG Wealth Management
                              leading wealth management company in Canada.
                                                                                               IG Wealth Management is one of the largest
                              Through a network of advisors located across the
                                                                                               independent financial planning firms in Canada, with
                              country, IG Wealth Management provides clients with
                                                                                               advisors in every community from coast to coast. We are
                              personalized advice, comprehensive financial planning,
                                                                                               driven by our mission to inspire financial confidence that
                              insurance and mortgage services and professionally
                                                                                               can transform the lives of our clients and their families
                              managed investment solutions. IG Wealth Management
                                                                                               and we are deeply committed to improving financial
                              will be celebrating its 100th anniversary during 2026.
                                                                                               literacy in the communities where we work and live.
                              Rockefeller, founded in 2018, is a leading U.S.
                                                                                               Our exclusive network is comprised of 3,112 advisors.
                              independent financial services advisory firm focused on
                                                                                               IG Wealth Management clients are approximately
                              the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth segments.
                                                                                               one million individuals, families and business owners.
                              Rockefeller’s goal is to be a premier advisory firm that
                              redefines and elevates the financial services experience         Canadians hold significant discretionary financial assets




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              to empower individuals, families, institutions and               with financial institutions and we view these savings
                              corporations to realize their aspirations and achieve their      as IG Wealth Management’s addressable markets.
                              most important goals.                                            Households with over $1 million, which are referred
                                                                                               to as high net worth, hold the largest portion of these
                              Wealthsimple, founded in 2014, is one of Canada’s fastest
                                                                                               assets and households with assets between $100,000
                              growing financial services companies and provides
                                                                                               and $1 million, which Investors Economics refers to as
                              simple digital tools for growing and managing client
                                                                                               mass affluent, are the second largest segment. These
                              money. Wealthsimple’s mission is to help everyone
                                                                                               segments tend to have more complicated financial
                              achieve financial freedom.
                                                                                               needs, and IG Wealth Management’s focus on providing
                                                                                               comprehensive financial planning solutions positions it
                                                                                               well to compete and grow in these segments.

                              32   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  16                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Strategy                                                                   Financial Advice
Our goal is to help Canadians achieve financial                            Our advisors focus on providing financial advice which
well-being through better planning as Canada’s top                         is the value of all efforts that sit outside the investment
financial planning firm.                                                   portfolio construction. This includes the value that an
We strive to meet our strategic mandate by:                                advisor adds to a client relationship and comes from
                                                                           the creation and follow through of a well-constructed
1) Focusing on key mass affluent and high net worth
                                                                           financial plan.
   segments by aligning our capabilities to industry
   wealth drivers.                                                         Advisors
2) Utilizing a segmented advice model to align our                         IG Wealth Management has a national distribution
   best-in-class advice with Canadians’ financial planning                 network of more than 3,000 advisors in communities
   needs and complexities.                                                 throughout Canada. Our advisory services are most
                                                                           suited to individuals with complicated financial needs.
3) Leveraging leading innovation to enhance client
   experience and improve operational efficiencies.                        IG Wealth Management provides advice through two
                                                                           primary channels:
IG Wealth Management has a client-centric strategy with
a focus on high net worth (HNW) and mass affluent client                   • IG Wealth Management entrepreneurial advisors are
segments, which we define as households with savings                         focused on households with more complex needs by
over $1 million and between $250,000 and $1 million,                         focusing on households with greater than $250,000
respectively.                                                                of assets.
                                                                           • IG Wealth Management corporate channel advisors
IG Wealth Management is committed to increasing the
                                                                             are focused on servicing households with less complex
financial confidence of all Canadians by leveraging our
                                                                             requirements with assets up to $250,000.
people, expertise and resources because we believe it
will help create stronger communities and a better future                  Our entrepreneurial advisor network creates a
for all.                                                                   competitive advantage and drives client engagement
                                                                           with a focus on comprehensive financial planning and
We believe that Canadians deserve a high standard of
                                                                           product solutions. Our advantage is further enabled
advice that takes into consideration all dimensions of
                                                                           by hiring top quality advisors, increasing proficiency,
their financial lives with financial plans tailored to meet
                                                                           improving technology, implementing a client
and adapt to their needs.
                                                                           segmentation approach and enhancing a strong brand.
We focus on providing comprehensive financial advice
                                                                           AUA consists of the following:
and well-constructed investment solutions designed
                                                                           • Clients with household assets greater than $1 million
to deliver returns and risks that take into account each
                                                                             (defined as “high net worth”) which totalled
client’s needs and requirements.
                                                                             $78.2 billion at December 31, 2025, an increase of
2025 Developments                                                            26.6% from one year ago, and represented 49% of
                                                                             total AUA.
Dealer Merger
                                                                           • Clients with household assets between $250,000 and
Effective July 1, 2025, IG Wealth Management has merged
                                                                             $1 million (defined as “mass affluent”) which totalled
its mutual fund and investment dealers, Investors Group
                                                                             $58.5 billion at December 31, 2025, an increase of 5.3%
Financial Services Inc. and Investors Group Securities




                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                             from one year ago, and represented 37% of total AUA.
Inc., into a single dual registered dealer, IG Wealth
                                                                           • Clients with household assets less than $250,000
Management Inc. The benefits of the merger include:
                                                                             (defined as “mass market”) which totalled $22.2 billion
• Brand alignment: IG Wealth Management Inc. more
                                                                             at December 31, 2025, a decrease of 3.5% from one
   closely reflects the brand and company name.
                                                                             year ago, and represented 14% of total AUA.
• Ease of doing business: a single dealer structure makes
   it easier for clients to do business with the company.                  IG Wealth Management advisor practices are industry
                                                                           leaders in holding a credentialed financial planning
• Additional efficiencies: it streamlines the business
                                                                           designation. These designations are nationally
  operations and internal processes to improve the
                                                                           recognized financial planning qualifications that
  client experience.
                                                                           require an individual to demonstrate financial planning
                                                                           competence through education, standardized

                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS     33
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  17
                              examinations, continuing education requirements, and            clients that synchronize every aspect of their financial
                              accountability to ethical standards.                            life. IG Wealth Management services clients located
                              The following provides a breakdown of the IG Wealth             in communities throughout Canada. A primary focus
                              Management entrepreneurial advisor network into its             is on advising and attracting high net worth and mass
                              significant components at December 31, 2025:                    affluent clients.
                              • 1,554 advisor practices (1,633 at December 31, 2024),         For the distinct needs of the high net worth market,
                                which reflect advisors with more than four years of           IG Private Wealth Management focuses on industry
                                experience. These practices may include associates as         wealth drivers including tax planning and optimization,
                                described below. The level and productivity of advisor        retirement readiness, wealth transfer and estate
                                practices is a key measurement of our business as they        planning, small and medium enterprise monetization,
                                serve clientele representing approximately 93% of AUA.        high net worth financial literacy and philanthropy and
                              • 212 new advisors (219 at December 31, 2024),                  legacy planning.
                                which are those advisors with less than four years            IG Living Plan allows clients to collaborate with an
                                of experience.                                                IG Wealth Management advisor through an enhanced
                              • 1,346 associates and regional vice-presidents (1,284          digital experience to develop and track a financial plan
                                at December 31, 2024). Associates are licensed team           which is unique to each client’s goals.
                                members of advisor practices who provide financial            IG Wealth Management has a full range of products that
                                planning services and advice to the clientele served          allow us to provide a tailored IG Living Plan that evolves
                                by the team.                                                  over time. These products include:
                              • IG Wealth Management had a total advisor network              • Powerful financial solutions that include investment
                                of 3,112 (3,136 at December 31, 2024).                           vehicles, focusing on managed solutions, that match
                              IG Wealth Management uses advisor productivity as                  risk and investment performance to each client’s needs
                              a key performance measure in evaluating its advisor                and requirements.
                              network. The productivity is measured based on gross            • Insurance products that include a variety of policy
                              inflows per advisor and is monitored for both advisor              types from the leading insurers in Canada.
                              recruits with less than four years experience and advisor       • Mortgage banking solutions that are offered as part
                              practices with greater than four years experience.                 of a comprehensive financial plan.
                              Experienced recruits are included within the greater than
                                                                                              The Charitable Giving Program is a donor-advised giving
                              four years experience category.
                                                                                              program which enables Canadians to make donations
                              • The advisor recruit’s gross inflows were $0.8 million per     and build an enduring charitable giving legacy with
                                advisor, compared to $0.7 million in the comparative          considerably less expense and complexity than setting
                                period of 2024.                                               up and administering their own private foundation.
                              • The advisor practice gross inflows were $2.8 million per
                                                                                              The IG Advisory Account (IGAA) is a fee-based account
                                practice, compared to $2.2 million in the comparative
                                                                                              that improves client experience by offering the ability to
                                period of 2024.
                                                                                              simplify and consolidate selected investments into a single
                              We support advisors and clients through our network of          account while providing all our clients with a transparent
                              product and planning specialists, who assist in the areas       advisory fee. IGAA increases fee transparency and can
                              of advanced financial planning, portfolio strategy and          hold most securities and investment products available in




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              insurance. As part of the strategic mortgage partnership,       the marketplace to individual investors.
                              nesto Inc. provides mortgage planning and home equity
                              line of credit assistance to clients. These specialists help    Financial Solutions
                              to ensure that we are providing comprehensive financial
                                                                                              IG Wealth Management strives to achieve expected
                              planning across all elements of a client’s financial life.
                                                                                              investment returns for the lowest possible risk focusing
                              Clients are served by our mutual fund licensed and
                                                                                              on managed solutions that create value for clients
                              securities licensed advisors and specialists.
                                                                                              through active management. To do this, we select
                              Client Experiences                                              and engage high-quality sub-advisors so our clients
                              IG Wealth Management distinguishes itself from our              have access to a diverse range of investment products
                              competition by offering comprehensive planning to our           and solutions. Each asset manager is selected through


                              34 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  18                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
a proven and rigorous process. We oversee all sub-                           solutions provide options to amplify specific outcomes,
advisors to ensure that their activities are consistent with                 such as lower volatility, higher income, or higher
their investment philosophies and with the investment                        potential capital growth.
objectives and strategies of the products they advise.                     • iProfile™ Portfolios provide the same investment
Our investment solutions leverage top global asset                           expertise and approach to building portfolios that
manager relationships including Mackenzie Investments                        are typically reserved for only the largest investors.
and other world class investment firms such as Fidelity                      The portfolios include a variety of sophisticated
Investments Canada, T. Rowe Price (Canada), Sagard                           investment strategies, such as alternative assets and
Credit Partners, Portage, Beutel Goodman & Company,                          private markets, that are out of reach for individual
PanAgora Asset Management, PIMCO Canada Corp.,                               investors. The portfolios offer wide diversification,
Northleaf Capital Partners (Canada), BristolGate Capital                     across a variety of asset classes to help minimize risk
Partners, Aristotle Capital Boston, Putnam Investments                       and maximize returns.
Canada, Franklin Templeton Investment Management,                          • iProfile™ Private Discretionary Portfolios are model
Wellington Management Canada, Rockefeller & Co.,                             portfolios comprised of iProfile Private Pools, available
JPMorgan Asset Management (Canada), Rockefeller                              for households with investments held at IG Wealth
Capital Management, BlackRock Asset Management                               Management in excess of $250,000. iProfile Private
Canada, ClearBridge Investments, 1832 Asset                                  Discretionary Portfolios have been designed to deliver
Management (Dynamic), American Century Investment                            strong risk-adjusted returns by diversifying across asset
Management, Manulife Investment Management Limited,                          classes, management styles and geographic regions.
Manulife Investment Management (US) LLC, Manulife                          • A deep and broad selection of mutual funds,
Investment Management (Hong Kong), Guardian Capital                          diversified by manager, asset category, investment
LP, Capital Research and Management Company, and                             style, geography, market capitalization and sector.
Brookfield Investment Management (Canada).                                 • Segregated funds that provide for long-term
We provide clients with an extensive suite of                                investment growth potential combined with risk
well-constructed and competitively priced financial                          management, benefit guarantee features and estate
solutions that incorporate public and private market                         planning efficiencies.
investments as well as alternative investment strategies.                  • Separately managed accounts (discretionary dealer-
We regularly enhance the scope and diversity of our                          managed accounts).
investment offering with new funds and product
                                                                           We have incorporated investments in private assets into
changes that enable clients to achieve their goals. We
                                                                           various mandates through commitments to investments
believe that well-constructed managed solutions provide
                                                                           managed by Northleaf, BlackRock, PIMCO and Sagard.
advisors with the best opportunity to focus on providing
financial advice to their clients.                                         IG Wealth Management monitors its investment
                                                                           performance by comparing to certain benchmarks.
In the fourth quarter of 2025, IG Wealth Management
                                                                           Morningstar† fund ranking service is one of the rankings
received four 2025 LSEG Lipper Fund Awards for
                                                                           monitored when determining fund performance.
investment performance across a range of equity and
fixed income categories. The LSEG Lipper Fund Awards                       At December 31, 2025, 94.9% of IG Wealth Management
recognizes fund managers that deliver consistently                         mutual fund assets had a rating of three stars or better
strong risk-adjusted performance relative to their peers                   from Morningstar† fund ranking service and 63.8%




                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
based on an objective and quantitative methodology.                        had a rating of four or five stars. This compared to the
                                                                           Morningstar† universe of 87.8% for three stars or better
We provide portfolio construction with investment
                                                                           and 56.7% for four and five star funds at December 31,
solutions that include public markets, private markets,
                                                                           2025. Morningstar Ratings† are an objective, quantitative
and alternative strategies.
                                                                           measure of a fund’s three, five and ten year risk-adjusted
Our investment solutions include:                                          performance relative to comparable funds.
• Wealth Portfolios are a suite of professionally managed
  portfolio solutions that employ leading global                           Other Products and Services
  asset managers and offer extensive diversification,                      Segregated Funds
  including access to difficult-to-reach asset classes like                IG Wealth Management offers segregated funds
  real property and alternatives. These fund-on-fund                       which include the IG Series of Guaranteed Investment

                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   35
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  19
                              Funds (GIFs). Select GIF policies allow for a Lifetime            Wealth Management AUA including strategic investments
                              Income Benefit (LIB) option to provide guaranteed                 were $234.0 billion at December 31, 2025, compared
                              retirement income for life. The investment components             to $202.4 billion at December 31, 2024. Strategic
                              of these segregated funds are managed by IG Wealth                investments AUA is based on the Company’s interest in
                              Management. At December 31, 2025, total segregated                these companies.
                              fund assets were $1.2 billion, unchanged from                     IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $158.9 billion
                              December 31, 2024.                                                at December 31, 2025, an increase of 13.2% from
                              Insurance                                                         December 31, 2024. The level of AUA is influenced
                              IG Wealth Management distributes life insurance in                by three factors: client inflows, client outflows and
                              Canada through its arrangements with leading insurance            investment returns. AUA represents savings and
                              companies, and offers a broad range of term, universal            investment products, including AUM where we provide
                              life, whole life, disability, critical illness, long-term care,   investment management services, that are held within
                              personal health care coverage and group insurance.                our clients’ accounts. Advisory fees are charged based
                                                                                                on an annual percentage of substantially all AUA, through
                              At December 31, 2025, total in-force policies were                the IG Advisory Account fee, and represent the majority
                              approximately 371 thousand with an insured value of               of the fees earned from our clients. Our entrepreneurial
                              $108 billion, compared to approximately 372 thousand              advisors’ compensation is also based on AUA and net
                              with an insured value of $106 billion at December 31,             assets contributed by our clients.
                              2024. Distribution of insurance products is enhanced
                              through IG Wealth Management’s Insurance Planning                 At December 31, 2025, Rockefeller’s client assets were
                              Specialists, located throughout Canada, who assist                USD $197.7 billion ($271.4 billion), compared to USD
                              advisors with advanced estate planning solutions for high         $151.2 billion ($217.7 billion) at December 31, 2024, an
                              net worth clients.                                                increase of 30.8% (CAD 24.7%). IGM Financial holds
                                                                                                a 17.2% interest in Rockefeller, compared to 20.5% at
                              Mortgage Banking Operations                                       December 31, 2024.
                              Mortgages, which include home equity lines of                     At December 31, 2025, Wealthsimple’s AUA was
                              credit (HELOCs), are offered to clients by IG Wealth              $111.3 billion, compared to $64.0 billion at December 31,
                              Management. Licensed mortgage brokers are located                 2024, an increase of 74.0%. IGM Financial holds a
                              throughout each province in Canada, and work with                 25.5% interest in Wealthsimple at December 31, 2025,
                              our clients and their advisors to develop mortgage                compared to 27.2% at December 31, 2024.
                              and lending strategies that meet the individual needs
                              and goals of each client as part of their comprehensive           IG Wealth Management AUM and AUA
                              financial plan.
                                                                                                Change in AUM & AUA – 2025 vs. 2024
                              Mortgage fundings offered through IG Wealth                       IG Wealth Management’s AUA of $158.9 billion at
                              Management for the three and twelve months ended                  December 31, 2025, a record quarter end high,
                              December 31, 2025 were $292 million and $1.2 billion,             increased 13.2% from $140.4 billion at December 31,
                              compared to $260 million and $971 million in 2024,                2024. IG Wealth Management’s mutual fund AUM were
                              an increase of 12.3% and 22.9%, respectively. At                  $138.7 billion at December 31, 2025, representing an
                              December 31, 2025, mortgages serviced totalled                    increase of 12.6% from $123.2 billion at December 31,
                              $6.8 billion, unchanged from December 31, 2024.                   2024. Average daily mutual fund assets were




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Private Company Advisory                                          $139.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2025, up 13.1%
                                                                                                from $123.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024. Average
                              Private Company Advisory is a comprehensive service
                                                                                                daily mutual fund assets were $130.6 billion for the
                              to business owners in the small to midsize segment that
                                                                                                twelve months ended December 31, 2025, an increase
                              provides advice on debt and equity financing, business
                                                                                                of 12.5% from $116.1 billion in 2024.
                              valuation and succession.
                                                                                                For the quarter ended December 31, 2025, gross
                              Wealth Management AUM and AUA                                     client inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were a
                                                                                                record high of $4.8 billion, an increase of 21.8% from
                              AUM and AUA are key performance indicators for the
                                                                                                $3.9 billion in 2024. For the quarter ended December 31,
                              Wealth Management segment and are detailed in
                                                                                                2025, gross inflows from newly acquired clients with
                              Tables 9 and 10.

                              36 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  20                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 9: Change in AUA – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                           Change
Three months ended                                                                   2025          2025           2024           2025        2024
($ millions)                                                                       Dec. 31       Sep. 30        Dec. 31        Sep. 30     Dec. 31
Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
 Gross client inflows                                                         $      4,769   $     3,781    $     3,917           26.1 %      21.8 %
 Gross client outflows                                                               4,075         3,355          3,364           21.5        21.1
 Net flows                                                                             694           426            553           62.9         25.5
 Investment returns                                                                  2,363         8,794          3,459          (73.1)       (31.7)
 Net change in assets                                                                3,057         9,220          4,012          (66.8)       (23.8)
 Beginning assets                                                                  155,884       146,664        136,408            6.3        14.3
 Ending AUA                                                                   $ 158,941      $ 155,884      $ 140,420              2.0 %      13.2 %
Strategic investments ending AUA
 Rockefeller                                                                  $ 46,687       $    53,176    $    44,542          (12.2)%       4.8 %
 Wealthsimple                                                                   28,389            26,218         17,400            8.3        63.2
 Intra-segment eliminations                                                         (8)               (9)            (8)          11.1           –
                                                                              $     75,068   $    79,385    $    61,934           (5.4)%      21.2 %
Consolidated ending AUA including strategic investments                       $ 234,009      $ 235,269      $ 202,354             (0.5)%      15.6 %
Daily average AUA
 IG Wealth Management                                                         $ 157,788      $ 150,491      $ 139,352              4.8 %      13.2 %

Twelve months ended                                                                                               2025           2024
($ millions)                                                                                                    Dec. 31        Dec. 31     Change
Change in AUA – IG Wealth Management
 Gross client inflows                                                                                       $ 16,329       $    14,613        11.7 %
 Gross client outflows(1)                                                                                     14,266            13,857         3.0
 Net flows                                                                                                        2,063            756       172.9
 Investment returns                                                                                              16,458         18,441       (10.8)
 Net change in assets                                                                                            18,521         19,197         (3.5)
 Beginning assets                                                                                               140,420        121,223        15.8
 Ending AUA                                                                                                 $ 158,941      $ 140,420          13.2 %
Daily average AUA
 IG Wealth Management                                                                                       $ 148,036      $ 131,124          12.9 %
(1) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
    by Mackenzie:
    2025 Q2 – $24 million
    2024 Q1 – $177 million




more than $1.0 million of assets accounted for 38.6%                              IG Wealth Management mutual fund net sales for the
of all newly acquired client inflows. Net client inflows                          fourth quarter of 2025 were $347 million, compared




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
were $694 million, compared to net client inflows of                              to net sales of $384 million in 2024. During the fourth
$553 million in the comparable period in 2024. During                             quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase of
the fourth quarter, investment returns resulted in an                             $423 million in mutual fund assets, compared to an
increase of $2.4 billion in AUA, compared to an increase                          increase of $2.0 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024.
of $3.5 billion in the fourth quarter of 2024.                                    IG Wealth Management’s annualized quarterly
For the quarter ended December 31, 2025, sales of IG                              redemption rate for long-term funds was 11.3% in
Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor                                the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to 10.5% in the
network were $4.5 billion, an increase of 18.4% from the                          fourth quarter of 2024. IG Wealth Management’s twelve
comparable period in 2024. Mutual fund redemptions                                month trailing redemption rate for long-term funds was
totalled $4.2 billion, an increase of 21.5% from 2024.                            10.7% at December 31, 2025, compared to 12.6% at


                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS           37
                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                  C  21
                              Table 10: Change in AUM – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                     Change
                              Three months ended                                                                      2025           2025               2024               2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                          Dec. 31        Sep. 30            Dec. 31            Sep. 30     Dec. 31
                              Sales                                                                            $      4,514    $      3,885       $     3,814               16.2 %      18.4 %
                              Redemptions                                                                             4,167           3,352             3,430               24.3        21.5
                              Net sales (redemptions)                                                                  347              533               384              (34.9)        (9.6)
                              Investment returns                                                                       423            7,919             2,028              (94.7)      (79.1)
                              Net change in assets                                                                      770          8,452              2,412              (90.9)      (68.1)
                              Beginning assets                                                                      137,978        129,526            120,788                6.5        14.2
                              Ending assets                                                                    $ 138,748       $ 137,978          $ 123,200                  0.6 %      12.6 %
                              Daily average AUM                                                                $ 139,463       $ 133,017          $ 123,288                  4.8 %      13.1 %

                              Twelve months ended                                                                                                       2025               2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                            Dec. 31            Dec. 31     Change
                              Sales(1)                                                                                                            $    17,081       $     15,126        12.9 %
                              Redemptions(1)(2)                                                                                                        14,768             15,356        (3.8)
                              Net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                   2,313               (230)      N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                                       13,235             15,795       (16.2)
                              Net change in assets                                                                                                     15,548             15,565        (0.1)
                              Beginning assets                                                                                                        123,200            107,635        14.5
                              Ending assets                                                                                                       $ 138,748         $ 123,200           12.6 %
                              Daily average AUM                                                                                                   $ 130,650         $ 116,134           12.5 %
                              (1) In the second quarter of 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced heightened investment fund gross sales, redemptions and heightened positive other net flows
                                  due to clients strategically triggering capital gains in advance of proposed changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy.
                              (2) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
                                  by Mackenzie:
                                  2025 Q2 – $24 million
                                  2024 Q1 – $177 million




                              December 31, 2024. The corresponding average twelve                                  strategically triggering capital gains in advance of
                              month trailing redemption rate for all other members of                              proposed changes to Canada’s capital gains tax policy.
                              the Securities and Investment Management Association                                 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025,
                              (SIMA), formerly IFIC, was approximately 15.5% at                                    sales of IG Wealth Management mutual funds through
                              December 31, 2025.                                                                   its advisor network were $17.1 billion, an increase of
                              For the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, gross                                 12.9% from 2024. Mutual fund redemptions totalled
                              client inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were                                      $14.8 billion, a decrease of 3.8% from 2024. Net sales of
                              $16.3 billion and represented an increase of 11.7% from                              IG Wealth Management mutual funds were $2.3 billion
                              $14.6 billion in the comparable period in 2024. For the                              compared to net redemptions of $230 million in 2024.
                              twelve months ended December 31, 2025, gross inflows                                 During 2025, investment returns resulted in an increase




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              from newly acquired clients with more than $1.0 million                              of $13.2 billion in mutual fund assets, compared to an
                              of assets accounted for 37.5% of all newly acquired client                           increase of $15.8 billion in 2024.
                              inflows. Net client inflows were $2.1 billion in the twelve                          In the second quarter of 2025, the IG Wealth
                              month period, an increase of $1.3 billion from net client                            Management pension plan redeemed $24 million
                              inflows of $756 million in the comparable period in 2024.                            from IG Wealth Management mutual funds that was
                              During 2025, investment returns resulted in an increase                              re-allocated into a separately managed account
                              of $16.5 billion in AUA, compared to an increase of                                  managed by Mackenzie Investments. In the first quarter
                              $18.4 billion in 2024.                                                               of 2024, the pension plan had re-allocated $177 million.
                              In June 2024, IG Wealth Management experienced                                       Excluding these transactions, net client inflows and
                              heightened investment fund gross sales, redemptions                                  net sales for the twelve month period of 2025 were
                              and heightened positive other net flows due to clients                               $2.1 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively, compared to

                              38    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                    C  22                                                                                P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
net client inflows and net redemptions of $933 million                    of $426 million in the prior quarter. During the fourth
and $53 million, respectively, in 2024.                                   quarter, investment returns resulted in an increase
                                                                          of $2.4 billion in AUA, compared to an increase of
Change in AUM & AUA – Q4 2025 vs. Q3 2025
                                                                          $8.8 billion in the prior quarter.
IG Wealth Management’s AUA were $158.9 billion
at December 31, 2025, an increase of 2.0% from                            For the quarter ended December 31, 2025, sales of
$155.9 billion at September 30, 2025. IG Wealth                           IG Wealth Management mutual funds through its advisor
Management’s mutual fund AUM were $138.7 billion                          network were $4.5 billion, an increase of 16.2% from the
at December 31, 2025, an increase of 0.6% from                            third quarter of 2025. Mutual fund redemptions totalled
$138.0 billion at September 30, 2025. Average daily                       $4.2 billion for the fourth quarter, an increase of 24.3%
mutual fund assets were $139.5 billion in the fourth                      from the previous quarter, and the annualized quarterly
quarter of 2025, compared to $133.0 billion in the third                  redemption rate was 11.3% in the fourth quarter,
quarter of 2025, an increase of 4.8%.                                     compared to 9.4% in the third quarter of 2025. IG Wealth
                                                                          Management mutual fund net sales were $347 million for
For the quarter ended December 31, 2025, gross client                     the current quarter, compared to net sales of $533 million
inflows of IG Wealth Management AUA were $4.8 billion,                    in the previous quarter.
compared to $3.8 billion in the prior quarter. Net client
inflows were $694 million, compared to net client inflows




                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   39
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  23
                              Review of Segment Operating Results
                              The Wealth Management segment’s adjusted net                                          Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the
                              earnings are presented in Table 11 and include the                                    fourth quarter of 2025 were $253.8 million, an increase
                              operations of IG Wealth Management and earnings                                       of 20.4% from the fourth quarter in 2024 and an increase
                              related to strategic investments.                                                     of 6.5% from the prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before
                                                                                                                    interest and taxes for the year ended December 31, 2025
                              IG Wealth Management                                                                  were $897.1 million, an increase of 16.4% from 2024.
                              IG Wealth Management’s adjusted net earnings are
                                                                                                                    2025 vs. 2024
                              presented within Table 12. Adjusted net earnings for the
                                                                                                                    Fee Income
                              fourth quarter of 2025 were $166.9 million, an increase
                              of 23.4% from the fourth quarter in 2024 and an increase                              Advisory fees include fees for providing financial advice
                              of 7.5% from the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings for                             to clients including fees related to the distribution of
                              the year ended December 31, 2025 were $582.1 million,                                 products and net client interest income which depend
                              an increase of 18.9% from 2024.                                                       largely on the level and composition of AUA. Advisory
                                                                                                                    fees were $383.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2025,



                              Table 11: Operating Results – Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                       Change
                              Three months ended                                                                       2025            2025               2024               2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                           Dec. 31         Sep. 30            Dec. 31            Sep. 30     Dec. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                   $      383.2     $      368.1       $      342.2               4.1 %      12.0 %
                                Product and program fees                                                               300.0            285.6              265.7               5.0        12.9
                                                                                                                       683.2            653.7              607.9               4.5        12.4
                                 Other financial planning revenues                                                      53.0             47.1               42.4              12.5        25.0
                                Total Wealth Management                                                                736.2            700.8              650.3               5.1        13.2
                                Net investment income and other                                                          1.7              2.0                3.3             (15.0)      (48.5)
                                Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                             12.2              3.2               (2.4)            281.3       N/M
                                                                                                                       750.1            706.0              651.2               6.2        15.2
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                               203.1            192.7              178.2               5.4        14.0
                                Sales-based compensation                                                                29.8             29.0               27.0               2.8        10.4
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                              28.6              23.1              23.0              23.8        24.3
                                 Business development                                                                   45.6              42.3              45.9               7.8        (0.7)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                        74.2              65.4              68.9              13.5         7.7
                                Total advisory and business development                                                307.1            287.1              274.1               7.0        12.0
                                Operations and support                                                                 119.9            122.2              118.4              (1.9)        1.3
                                Sub-advisory                                                                            57.4             55.4               50.5               3.6        13.7
                                                                                                                       484.4            464.7              443.0               4.2         9.3
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                           265.7            241.3              208.2              10.1        27.6
                              Interest expense                                                                          26.0             25.9               26.0               0.4           –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                 239.7            215.4              182.2              11.3        31.6
                              Income taxes                                                                              62.0             57.2               49.3               8.4        25.8
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                          $      177.7     $      158.2       $      132.9              12.3 %      33.7 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                              40 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  24                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 11: Operating Results – Wealth Management (continued)
Twelve months ended                                                                                                     2025          2024
($ millions)                                                                                                          Dec. 31       Dec. 31    Change
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                                   $ 1,439.7     $ 1,295.2         11.2 %
  Product and program fees                                                                                          1,113.2         995.7         11.8
                                                                                                                      2,552.9       2,290.9       11.4
  Other financial planning revenues                                                                                     179.9         154.7       16.3
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                              2,732.8       2,445.6        11.7
 Net investment income and other                                                                                          8.0          12.4       (35.5)
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                             11.3         (10.1)      N/M
                                                                                                                      2,752.1       2,447.9       12.4
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                              762.2         665.6       14.5
  Sales-based compensation                                                                                              114.7         104.3       10.0
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                                             96.3          82.1       17.3
   Business development                                                                                                 179.5         181.9       (1.3)
                                                                                                                        275.8         264.0         4.5
 Total advisory and business development                                                                              1,152.7       1,033.9       11.5
 Operations and support                                                                                                 476.1         463.0        2.8
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                           215.9         191.4       12.8
                                                                                                                      1,844.7       1,688.3         9.3
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                          907.4         759.6       19.5
Interest expense                                                                                                        103.2         103.3       (0.1)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                804.2         656.3       22.5
Income taxes                                                                                                            213.2         178.6       19.4
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                          $     591.0   $     477.7       23.7 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




an increase of $41.0 million or 12.0% from $342.2 million                           97.3 basis points of average AUA, compared to 98.8 basis
in 2024. For the twelve months ended December 31,                                   points in 2024. Fee rates are determined based on client
2025, advisory fees were $1,439.7 million, an increase of                           AUA levels and the average rate will fluctuate based on
$144.5 million or 11.2% from $1,295.2 million in 2024.                              changes in a client’s AUA as well as product mix.
The increase in advisory fees in the three months ending                            Product and program fees depend largely on the
December 31, 2025 was primarily due to an increase                                  level and composition of mutual fund AUM. Product




                                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
in average AUA of 13.2%, as shown in Table 9, partially                             and program fees totalled $300.0 million in the current
offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate. The                                  quarter, up 12.9% from $265.7 million a year ago
increase in advisory fees in the twelve months ending                               primarily due to the increase in average AUM of 13.1%,
December 31, 2025 was primarily due to the increase in                              as shown in Table 10. Product and program fees were
average AUA of 12.9%, partially offset by a decrease in                             $1,113.2 million for the twelve month period ended
the advisory rate and one less calendar day in the twelve                           December 31, 2025, compared to $995.7 million in
month period of 2025, compared to the same period                                   2024, an increase of 11.8% primarily due to an increase
in 2024. The average advisory fee rate for the fourth                               in average AUM of 12.5%. The average product and
quarter was 96.3 basis points of average AUA, compared                              program fee rate for the three and twelve month periods
to 97.7 basis points in 2024. The average advisory fee rate                         ending December 31, 2025 were 85.3 and 85.2 basis
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 was


                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS             41
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                    C  25
                              Table 12: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                       Change
                              Three months ended                                                                      2025             2025               2024               2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                          Dec. 31          Sep. 30            Dec. 31            Sep. 30     Dec. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management
                                Advisory fees                                                                   $     383.2      $      368.1       $      342.2               4.1 %      12.0 %
                                Product and program fees                                                              300.0             285.6              265.7               5.0        12.9
                                                                                                                      683.2             653.7              607.9               4.5        12.4
                                Other financial planning revenues                                                      53.0              47.1               42.4              12.5        25.0
                               Total Wealth Management                                                                736.2             700.8              650.3               5.1        13.2
                               Net investment income and other                                                          1.7               2.0                3.3             (15.0)      (48.5)
                                                                                                                       737.9            702.8              653.6               5.0        12.9
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development
                                Asset-based compensation                                                              203.1             192.7              178.2               5.4        14.0
                                Sales-based compensation                                                               29.8              29.0               27.0               2.8        10.4
                                Other
                                 Other product commissions                                                             28.6               23.1              23.0              23.8        24.3
                                 Business development                                                                  45.6               42.3              45.9               7.8        (0.7)
                                                                                                                        74.2              65.4              68.9              13.5         7.7
                               Total advisory and business development                                                307.1             287.1              274.1               7.0        12.0
                               Operations and support                                                                 119.6             122.0              118.2              (2.0)        1.2
                               Sub-advisory                                                                            57.4              55.4               50.5               3.6        13.7
                                                                                                                      484.1             464.5              442.8               4.2         9.3
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                          253.8             238.3              210.8               6.5        20.4
                              Interest expense                                                                         26.0              25.9               26.0               0.4           –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                227.8             212.4              184.8               7.3        23.3
                              Income taxes                                                                             60.9              57.1               49.5               6.7        23.0
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                          $     166.9      $      155.3       $      135.3               7.5 %      23.4 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                              points of AUM, respectively, compared to 85.5 and 85.6                              operations and higher revenues from the distribution of
                              basis points for the comparable periods in 2024.                                    insurance products.
                              Other financial planning revenues are primarily                                     A summary of mortgage banking operations for the
                              earned from:                                                                        periods under review is presented in Table 13.
                              • Mortgage banking operations
                                                                                                                  Net Investment Income and Other
                              • Distribution of insurance products through




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                  Net investment income and other consists of unrealized
                                I.G. Insurance Services Inc.                                                      gains or losses on investments in proprietary funds,
                              • Securities trading services provided through                                      investment income earned on our cash and cash
                                IG Wealth Management Inc.                                                         equivalents and securities, and other income not
                              Other financial planning revenues of $53.0 million for the                          related to our core business. It also includes a charge
                              fourth quarter of 2025 increased by $10.6 million from                              from the Corporate and Other segment for the use of
                              $42.4 million in 2024. For the twelve month period, other                           unallocated capital.
                              financial planning revenues of $179.9 million increased
                                                                                                                  Expenses
                              by $25.2 million from $154.7 million in 2024. The change
                                                                                                                  IG Wealth Management incurs advisory and business
                              for both the three and twelve month periods was
                                                                                                                  development expenses that include compensation
                              primarily due to higher earnings from mortgage banking
                                                                                                                  paid to our advisors. The majority of these costs vary

                              42 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  26                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 12: Operating Results – IG Wealth Management (continued)
Twelve months ended                                                                                                     2025          2024
($ millions)                                                                                                          Dec. 31       Dec. 31   Change
Revenues
 Wealth Management
  Advisory fees                                                                                                   $ 1,439.7     $ 1,295.2        11.2 %
  Product and program fees                                                                                          1,113.2         995.7        11.8
                                                                                                                      2,552.9       2,290.9      11.4
  Other financial planning revenues                                                                                     179.9         154.7      16.3
 Total Wealth Management                                                                                              2,732.8       2,445.6       11.7
 Net investment income and other                                                                                          8.0          12.4      (35.5)
                                                                                                                      2,740.8       2,458.0      11.5
Expenses
 Advisory and business development
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                              762.2         665.6      14.5
  Sales-based compensation                                                                                              114.7         104.3      10.0
  Other
   Other product commissions                                                                                             96.3          82.1      17.3
   Business development                                                                                                 179.5         181.9      (1.3)
                                                                                                                        275.8         264.0        4.5
 Total advisory and business development                                                                              1,152.7       1,033.9      11.5
 Operations and support                                                                                                 475.1         462.1       2.8
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                           215.9         191.4      12.8
                                                                                                                      1,843.7       1,687.4        9.3
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                          897.1         770.6      16.4
Interest expense                                                                                                        103.2         103.3      (0.1)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                793.9         667.3      19.0
Income taxes                                                                                                            211.8         177.6      19.3
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                          $     582.1   $     489.7      18.9 %

(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




directly with asset or sales levels. Also included are other                        to 2024. The increase for both the three and twelve
distribution and business development activities which                              month periods was primarily due to increases in AUA.
do not vary directly with asset or sales levels, such as                            IG Wealth Management sales-based compensation is
corporate channel, direct marketing and advertising,                                based upon the level of net new assets contributed to
financial planning specialist support and other costs                               client accounts at IG Wealth Management (subject to
incurred to support our advisor networks. These                                     eligibility requirements). All sales-based compensation
expenses tend to be discretionary or vary based upon                                payments are capitalized and amortized as they reflect
the number of advisors or clients.




                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                    incremental costs to obtain a client contract. Sales-based
Asset-based compensation includes compensation                                      compensation was $29.8 million for the fourth quarter
paid to both the entrepreneurial advisor and the                                    of 2025, an increase of $2.8 million from $27.0 million
corporate channels. The entrepreneurial advisor channel                             in 2024. For the twelve month period, sales-based
compensation fluctuates primarily with the value of                                 compensation expense was $114.7 million, an increase
AUA and product mix while the corporate channel                                     of $10.4 million from $104.3 million in 2024.
fluctuates largely based on the number of clients within                            Other advisory and business development expenses
the channel. Asset-based compensation increased                                     were $74.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2025,
by $24.9 million and $96.6 million for the three and                                compared to $68.9 million in 2024, an increase of
twelve month periods ended December 31, 2025 to                                     $5.3 million. Other advisory and business development
$203.1 million and $762.2 million, respectively, compared                           expenses were $275.8 million in the twelve months

                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS            43
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C  27
                              Table 13: Mortgage Banking Operations – IG Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                         Change
                              Three months ended                                                                        2025             2025               2024               2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                            Dec. 31          Sep. 30            Dec. 31            Sep. 30     Dec. 31
                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                Interest income                                                                   $       49.2     $        50.2      $       49.7              (2.0)%      (1.0)%
                                Interest expense                                                                          44.7              45.9              47.0              (2.6)       (4.9)
                                 Net interest income                                                                       4.5               4.3                2.7             4.7         66.7
                                Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                 1.4               1.2                0.7            16.7        100.0
                                Fair value adjustments                                                                    (0.4)              0.3               (0.9)           N/M          55.6
                                Other                                                                                      4.3               4.1                4.5             4.9         (4.4)
                                                                                                                  $        9.8     $         9.9      $         7.0             (1.0)%      40.0 %
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                    $     4,789      $      4,841       $     4,964               (1.1)%      (3.5)%
                               Other                                                                                    2,064             2,036             1,820                1.4        13.4
                                                                                                                  $     6,853      $      6,877       $     6,784               (0.3)%       1.0 %
                              Mortgage sales to:     (2)

                               Securitizations                                                                    $        372     $        443       $        434             (16.0)%     (14.3)%
                               Other(1)                                                                                    161              233                 74             (30.9)      117.6
                                                                                                                  $        533     $        676       $        508             (21.2)%       4.9 %

                              Twelve months ended                                                                                                           2025               2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                Dec. 31            Dec. 31     Change
                              Total mortgage banking income
                               Net interest income on securitized loans
                                Interest income                                                                                                       $     198.1       $      184.1         7.6 %
                                Interest expense                                                                                                            185.1              172.3         7.4
                                 Net interest income                                                                                                          13.0              11.8        10.2
                                Gains (losses) on sales(1)                                                                                                     5.4               1.2       N/M
                                Fair value adjustments                                                                                                        (2.3)            (10.4)       77.9
                                Other                                                                                                                         14.8              23.4       (36.8)
                                                                                                                                                      $       30.9      $       26.0        18.8 %
                              Average mortgages serviced
                               Securitizations                                                                                                        $     4,903       $      4,756         3.1 %
                               Other                                                                                                                        1,944              2,005        (3.0)
                                                                                                                                                      $     6,847       $      6,761         1.3 %
                              Mortgage sales to:     (2)

                               Securitizations                                                                                                        $     1,472       $      1,612        (8.7)%
                               Other(1)                                                                                                                       771                121       N/M
                                                                                                                                                      $     2,243       $      1,733        29.4 %




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              (1) Represents sales to institutional investors through private placements and to IG Mackenzie Mortgage and Short Term Income Fund, as well as gains (losses) realized
                                  on those sales.
                              (2) Represents principal amounts sold.




                              44 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     C  28                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
ended December 31, 2025, an increase of $11.8 million                      was primarily due to an increase in average AUM of 4.8%,
from $264.0 million in 2024. The increase in both periods                  as shown in Table 10. The average product and program
was primarily due to higher compensation paid on the                       fee rate was 85.3 basis points of AUM, compared to 85.2
distribution of insurance products.                                        basis points from the third quarter. The increase in rate is
Operations and support includes costs that support                         due to product mix as certain funds and products earn
our wealth management and other general and                                different rates.
administrative functions such as product management,                       Other financial planning revenues of $53.0 million in the
technology and operations, as well as other functional                     fourth quarter of 2025 increased by $5.9 million from
business units and corporate expenses. Operations and                      $47.1 million in the third quarter due to higher revenues
support expenses were $119.6 million for the fourth                        on the distribution of insurance products.
quarter of 2025, compared to $118.2 million in 2024, an
                                                                           Expenses
increase of $1.4 million. For the twelve month period,
operations and support expenses were $475.1 million in                     Advisory and business development expenses in the
2025, compared to $462.1 million in 2024, an increase of                   current quarter were $307.1 million, an increase of
$13.0 million or 2.8%.                                                     $20.0 million from $287.1 million in the previous quarter.
                                                                           The increase is primarily due to increased asset-based
Sub-advisory expenses were $57.4 million for the fourth                    compensation as a result of higher AUA and higher
quarter of 2025, compared to $50.5 million in 2024, an                     commissions on the sale of insurance products.
increase of $6.9 million or 13.7%. For the twelve month
period, sub-advisory expenses were $215.9 million in                       Operations and support expenses were $119.6 million for
2025, compared to $191.4 million in 2024, an increase of                   the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to $122.0 million
$24.5 million or 12.8%. The change in both periods was                     in the previous quarter as a result of timing of
primarily due to changes in AUM.                                           certain expenses.

Interest Expense                                                           Wealth Management Strategic Investments
Interest expense, which includes allocated interest
                                                                           Wealth Management strategic investment’s adjusted
expense on long-term debt and interest expense on
                                                                           net earnings are presented within Table 14. Adjusted
leases, totalled $26.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2025,
                                                                           net earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 were
unchanged from 2024. For the twelve month period,
                                                                           $10.8 million, compared to ($2.4) million in 2024 and
interest expense totalled $103.2 million, compared to
                                                                           $2.9 million in the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings
$103.3 million in 2024. Long-term debt interest expense
                                                                           for the year ended December 31, 2025 were $8.9 million,
is calculated based on an allocation of IGM Financial’s
                                                                           compared to ($12.0) million in 2024.
long-term debt of $1.95 billion to IG Wealth Management.
                                                                           The Company’s share of Rockefeller’s earnings of
Q4 2025 vs. Q3 2025                                                        ($10.0) million in the twelve month period ending
Fee Income                                                                 December 31, 2024 excluded the Company’s
                                                                           proportionate share of one-time debt refinancing costs
Advisory fee income increased by $15.1 million to
                                                                           of $3.3 million related to the early repayment of one
$383.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2025, compared to
                                                                           of Rockefeller’s financing facilities, which has been
the third quarter of 2025. The increase in advisory fees
                                                                           reclassified to other items as detailed in Table 3.
in the fourth quarter was primarily due to an increase in




                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
average AUA of 4.8% for the quarter, as shown in Table 9,
partially offset by a decrease in the advisory fee rate.
The average advisory fee rate for the fourth quarter was
96.3 basis points of average AUA, compared to 97.0 basis
points in the third quarter. Fee rates are determined
based on client AUA levels and the average rate will
fluctuate based on changes in a client’s AUA as well as
product mix.
Product and program fees were $300.0 million in the
fourth quarter of 2025, an increase of $14.4 million from
$285.6 million in the third quarter of 2025. The increase


                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   45
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  29
                              Table 14: Operating Results – Wealth Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                       Change
                              Three months ended                                                                      2025             2025               2024               2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                          Dec. 31          Sep. 30            Dec. 31            Sep. 30     Dec. 31
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                Rockefeller                                                                     $      12.2      $         2.9      $        (2.5)            N/M %       N/M %
                                Other                                                                                     –                0.3                0.1           (100.0)     (100.0)
                                                                                                                       12.2                3.2               (2.4)           281.3       N/M
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                    0.3               0.2                0.2             50.0        50.0
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                        11.9               3.0               (2.6)           296.7       N/M
                              Income taxes                                                                               1.1               0.1               (0.2)            N/M        N/M
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                          $      10.8      $         2.9      $        (2.4)           272.4 %     N/M %

                              Twelve months ended                                                                                                         2025               2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                              Dec. 31            Dec. 31     Change
                              Revenues
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                Rockefeller                                                                                                         $       10.1      $      (10.0)      N/M %
                                Other                                                                                                                        1.2               (0.1)     N/M
                                                                                                                                                            11.3             (10.1)      N/M
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                         1.0              0.9        11.1
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                      10.3             (11.0)      N/M
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                   1.4               1.0       40.0
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                              $         8.9     $      (12.0)      N/M %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              46 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  30                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Asset Management
The Asset Management segment includes Mackenzie                           pricing is based on values for similar sized asset
Investments and strategic investments in ChinaAMC                         management mandates.
and Northleaf.                                                          • Proportionate share of associates’ earnings is the
Asset Management revenue reflects:                                        Company’s proportionate share of earnings from
• Net asset management fees – third party includes                        the equity investments in ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
  fees received from our investment funds and fees from                 Assets managed by Mackenzie for IG Wealth
  third parties for investment management services.                     Management are included in the Asset Management
  Compensation paid to dealers offsets the fees earned.                 segment’s AUM.
• Asset management fees – Wealth Management                             Debt and interest expense is allocated to each IGM
  includes fees received from the Wealth Management                     Financial segment based on management’s assessment
  segment. Wealth Management is considered a client                     of: i) capacity to service the debt, and ii) where the debt
  of the Asset Management segment and transfer                          is being serviced. Income taxes are also reported in
                                                                        each segment.




Review of the Business
Mackenzie Investments is a diversified asset management                 maintained a position among the market leaders in
solutions provider founded in 1967. We provide                          China’s asset management industry. ChinaAMC drives
investment management and related services with a                       for growth through product innovation and offering
wide range of investment mandates through a boutique                    multi-asset investment solutions and services to a
structure and multiple distribution channels. We are                    diversified group of retail and institutional clients.
committed to delivering strong investment performance                   Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and
for our clients by drawing on more than 50 years of                     infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.
investment management experience.                                       Northleaf seeks to deliver high absolute risk-adjusted
Mackenzie earns asset management fees primarily from:                   returns from access to value creation outside
• Management fees earned from its investment funds,                     public markets.
  sub-advised accounts and institutional clients.
• Fees earned from its mutual funds for administrative                  Mackenzie Investments
  services.                                                             Strategy
• Redemption fees on deferred sales charge and low                      Mackenzie’s mission is to create a more invested world,
  load units.                                                           together.
The largest component of Mackenzie’s revenues                           Mackenzie’s objective is to become Canada’s preferred




                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
is management fees. The amount of management                            global asset management solutions provider and
fees depends on the level and composition of AUM.                       business partner.
Management fee rates vary depending on the
investment objective and the account type of the                        Mackenzie’s strategic mandates are: win Canadian retail;
underlying AUM. Equity based mandates have higher                       build meaningful strategic partnerships; and develop
management fee rates than fixed income mandates and                     presence in underpenetrated channels with a targeted
retail mutual fund accounts have higher management fee                  approach. We achieve our strategic mandates with the
rates than exchange traded funds, sub-advised accounts                  following focus areas:
and institutional accounts.                                             • Continuously improving distribution with a segmented
                                                                          approach;
Founded in 1998 as one of the first fund management
companies in China, ChinaAMC has developed and

                                                   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   47
                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  31
                              • Delivering competitive risk adjusted investment               Within the strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie
                                performance;                                                  offers certain series of our mutual funds and provides
                              • Advancing brand leadership;                                   sub-advisory services to third-party and related party
                              • Creating innovative and relevant products and                 investment programs offered by banks, insurance
                                solutions;                                                    companies and other investment companies. Strategic
                                                                                              alliances with related parties include providing
                              • Encouraging a sustainable future;
                                                                                              advisory services to IG Wealth Management and Lifeco
                              • Ensuring operational excellence and efficiency;               subsidiaries. Mackenzie partners with Wealthsimple to
                              • Fostering a high performing, diverse and                      distribute ETFs through their product shelf. Mackenzie
                                winning culture.                                              also serves as one of two exclusive investment solutions
                              Our focus areas drive future business growth. We aim            providers to PFSL Investment Canada Ltd. (Primerica) and
                              to achieve this by being committed to the success of            offers a suite of 28 funds designed to address the specific
                              our clients, attracting and fostering the best minds in the     needs of Primerica advisors and their clients. Within the
                              investment industry, maintaining a boutique investment          strategic alliance channel, Mackenzie’s primary distribution
                              approach, having an innovative and future-oriented              relationship is with the head office of the respective bank,
                              product focus, and being responsible in everything              insurance company or investment company.
                              we do.                                                          In the institutional channel, Mackenzie provides
                              Our investment management capabilities are delivered            investment management services to pension plans,
                              through a boutique structure, with separate in-house            foundations and other institutions. We attract new
                              teams having distinct focuses and diverse styles. Our           institutional business through our relationships with
                              research and portfolio management teams are located             pension and management consultants.
                              in Toronto, Montreal, Winnipeg, Vancouver, Boston,              Gross sales and redemption activity in strategic alliance
                              Dublin and Hong Kong. In addition, our ownership                and institutional accounts can be more pronounced
                              interest in Northleaf enhances our investment capabilities      than in the retail channel, given the relative size and the
                              by offering global private equity, private credit and           nature of the distribution relationships of these accounts.
                              infrastructure investment solutions to our clients and our      These accounts are also subject to ongoing reviews
                              ownership interest in ChinaAMC offers our clients access        and rebalance activities which may result in a significant
                              to Chinese capital markets. We also supplement our              change in the level of AUM.
                              investment capabilities with strategic partners (third party
                                                                                              Mackenzie continues to be positioned to build and
                              sub-advisors) in selected areas. The development of a
                                                                                              enhance our distribution relationships given our team of
                              broad range of investment capabilities and products is a
                                                                                              experienced investment professionals, strength of our
                              key strength in supporting the evolving financial needs
                                                                                              distribution network, broad product shelf, competitively
                              of investors.
                                                                                              priced products and our focus on client experience and
                              Our business focuses on three key distribution channels:        investment excellence.
                              retail, strategic alliances and institutional.
                              Mackenzie primarily distributes its retail investment           Investment Management
                              products through third-party financial advisors. Our            Mackenzie has $244.0 billion in AUM at December 31,
                              sales teams work with many of the more than 30,000              2025, including $92.8 billion of sub-advisory mandates
                              independent financial advisors and their firms across           to the Wealth Management segment.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Canada. Our innovative, comprehensive lineup of
                                                                                              We continue to deliver our investment offerings
                              investment solutions covers all asset classes and parts of
                                                                                              through a boutique structure, with separate in-house
                              the globe. We offer a range of relevant products and
                                                                                              investment teams which each have a distinct focus and
                              investment solutions designed to help advisors meet the
                                                                                              investment approach. Our investment team currently
                              evolving needs of their clients. We regularly introduce
                                                                                              consists of 16 boutiques. This boutique approach
                              new funds and we may merge or streamline our fund
                                                                                              promotes diversification of styles and ideas and
                              offerings to provide enhanced investment solutions.
                                                                                              provides Mackenzie with a breadth of capabilities.
                              In addition to our retail distribution team, Mackenzie also     Oversight is conducted through a common process
                              has specialty teams focused on strategic alliances and the      intended to promote superior risk-adjusted returns over
                              institutional marketplace.                                      time. This oversight process focuses on i) identifying


                              48 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  32                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
and encouraging each team’s performance edge,                              • Mackenzie US Mid Cap Value Fund
ii) promoting best practices in portfolio construction,                    • Mackenzie GQE International Equity Fund
and iii) emphasizing risk management.
                                                                           Alternative Funds
Mackenzie’s 56% economic interest in Northleaf
                                                                           Mackenzie currently has ten alternative funds, including
enhances its investment capabilities by offering
                                                                           five products in collaboration with Northleaf as part of its
global private equity, private credit and infrastructure
                                                                           ongoing commitment to expand retail investor access to
investment solutions to our clients.
                                                                           private market investment solutions.
In addition to our own investment teams, Mackenzie
                                                                           During the fourth quarter of 2025, the Mackenzie
supplements investment capabilities through the use
                                                                           Northleaf Multi-Asset Private Market Fund was launched.
of third party sub-advisors and strategic beta index
                                                                           This fund provides access to a diversified portfolio
providers in selected areas. These include Putnam
                                                                           of private equity, private credit, and infrastructure
Investments and ChinaAMC. With the offering of the
                                                                           investments, aiming for enhanced portfolio
suite of 28 FuturePath Funds for Primerica, the following
                                                                           diversification and risk-adjusted returns.
third party sub-advisors were added: 1832 Asset
Management, Addenda, Brandywine, Blackrock, and                            Exchange Traded Funds
T. Rowe Price. Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss                         Exchange Traded Funds (ETF) complement Mackenzie’s
was also added as a sub-advisor, with the launch of the                    broad and innovative fund line-up and reflect its
Mackenzie Global Value Fund and the Mackenzie US Mid                       investor-focused vision to provide advisors and investors
Cap Value Fund early in the fourth quarter of 2025.                        with new solutions to drive investor outcomes and
Long-term investment performance is a key measure of                       achieve their personal goals. These ETFs offer investors
Mackenzie’s ongoing success. At December 31, 2025,                         another investment option when building long-term
47.5% of Mackenzie mutual fund assets were rated in                        diversified portfolios.
the top two performance quartiles for the one year time                    Mackenzie’s current line-up consists of 59 ETFs: 32 active
frame, 47.1% for the three year time frame and 55.8%                       and strategic beta ETFs and 27 traditional index ETFs.
for the five year time frame. Mackenzie also monitors its                  ETF AUM ended the quarter at $24.1 billion, inclusive of
fund performance relative to the ratings it receives on its                $11.7 billion in investments from IGM managed products.
mutual funds from the Morningstar† fund ranking service.                   This ranks Mackenzie in eighth place in the Canadian ETF
At December 31, 2025, 77.9% of Mackenzie mutual fund                       industry for AUM.
assets measured by Morningstar† had a rating of three
stars or better and 46.0% had a rating of four or five stars.              Asset Management AUM
This compared to the Morningstar† universe of 87.8%
for three stars or better and 56.7% for four and five star                 AUM is a key performance indicator for the Asset
funds at December 31, 2025.                                                Management segment.
                                                                           The changes in total AUM are summarized in Table 15 and
Products                                                                   the changes in investment fund AUM are summarized in
Mackenzie continues to evolve its product shelf by                         Table 16. Assets managed for the Wealth Management
providing enhanced investment solutions for financial                      segment are included in total AUM.
advisors to offer their clients. During 2025, Mackenzie                    Asset Management AUM including strategic investments
launched eleven mutual funds, nine ETFs and one                            were $427.5 billion at December 31, 2025, compared




                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Alternative Fund in collaboration with Northleaf Capital                   to $366.1 billion at December 31, 2024. Strategic
Partners (Northleaf).                                                      investments AUM is based on the Company’s interest in
                                                                           these companies.
Mutual Funds
Mackenzie manages its product shelf through new fund                       At December 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s total AUM were
launches and fund mergers to streamline fund offerings                     $244.0 billion, an increase of 14.4% from $213.3 billion
for advisors and investors.                                                last year. Mackenzie’s total third party AUM were
                                                                           $151.1 billion, an increase of 16.3% from $129.9 billion last
During the fourth quarter of 2025, three mutual funds
                                                                           year. The change in Mackenzie’s AUM is determined by
were launched:
                                                                           investment returns and net contributions from our clients.
• Mackenzie Global Value Fund


                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   49
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  33
                              Table 15: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                              Three months ended                                                                              2025             2025               2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                  Dec. 31          Sep. 30            Dec. 31            Sep. 30      Dec. 31
                              Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
                              Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
                               Net sales (redemptions)
                                Mutual funds                                                                            $      (514)     $       (219)      $       (699)           (134.7)%         26.5 %
                                ETF net creations                                                                             2,505               626                322              N/M            N/M
                                 Investment funds(1)(2)(3)                                                                    1,991               407               (377)            N/M             N/M
                                 Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(4)                                             (519)            1,552                 68             N/M             N/M
                               Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                  1,472             1,959              (309)             (24.9)         N/M
                               Investment returns                                                                               792             5,207             1,479              (84.8)         (46.5)
                               Net change in assets                                                                          2,264             7,166              1,170              (68.4)          93.5
                               Beginning assets                                                                             90,360            83,194             75,898                8.6           19.1
                               Ending assets                                                                            $ 92,624         $    90,360        $    77,068                2.5 %         20.2 %
                              Mackenzie consolidated AUM
                               Mutual funds                                                                             $    65,671      $    65,766        $    61,435               (0.1)%          6.9 %
                               ETFs                                                                                          12,462            9,911              7,258               25.7           71.7
                                 Investment funds(1)(2)                                                                      78,133           75,677             68,693                3.2           13.7
                                 Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts                                              14,491           14,683              8,375               (1.3)          73.0
                                                                                                                             92,624           90,360             77,068                2.5           20.2
                                 Sub-advisory to Canada Life                                                                 58,525           56,368             52,879                3.8           10.7
                               Third party AUM                                                                              151,149          146,728            129,947                3.0           16.3
                               Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management(2)                                                  92,837           92,759             83,369                0.1           11.4
                               Consolidated AUM                                                                         $ 243,986        $ 239,487          $ 213,316                  1.9 %         14.4 %
                              Strategic investments ending AUM
                               ChinaAMC                                                                                 $ 164,404        $ 163,386          $ 135,173                  0.6 %         21.6 %
                               Northleaf                                                                                   19,582           19,273             17,926                  1.6            9.2
                               Intra-segment eliminations                                                                    (435)            (380)              (361)               (14.5)         (20.5)
                                                                                                                        $ 183,551        $ 182,279          $ 152,738                  0.7 %         20.2 %
                              Consolidated ending AUM including strategic investments                                   $ 427,537        $ 421,766          $ 366,054                  1.4 %         16.8 %
                              Mackenzie average total AUM             (5)

                               Third party AUM                                                                          $ 149,727        $ 141,206          $ 129,964                  6.0 %         15.2 %
                               Consolidated                                                                               243,233          230,744            213,890                  5.4           13.7

                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (3) Investment funds:
                                  2025 Q4 – An institutional client made portfolio construction changes within their offering that resulted in an allocation of $1.6 billion into Mackenzie ETFs.
                                        Q1 – An institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions of $144 million.
                              (4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                  2025 Q4 – An institutional client re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities totalling $345 million on a mandate advised upon by Mackenzie as part of an overall
                                             asset allocation decision. Mackenzie continues to sub-advise on this mandate.
                                       Q3 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.7 billion.
                                       Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
                                       Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
                              (5) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




                              50 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                     C  34                                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 15: Change in Total AUM – Asset Management (continued)
Twelve months ended                                                                                                               2025             2024
($ millions)                                                                                                                    Dec. 31          Dec. 31         Change
Mackenzie AUM excluding sub-advisory to
Canada Life and the Wealth Management segment
 Net sales (redemptions)
  Mutual funds                                                                                                              $    (1,799)     $     (2,700)            33.4 %
  ETF net creations                                                                                                               4,299             1,088             N/M
   Investment funds(1)(2)(3)                                                                                                      2,500            (1,612)            N/M
   Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts(4)(5)                                                                           4,237              (389)            N/M
 Total net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                    6,737            (2,001)            N/M
 Investment returns                                                                                                               8,819             9,787              (9.9)
 Net change in assets                                                                                                           15,556             7,786              99.8
 Beginning assets                                                                                                               77,068            69,282              11.2
 Ending assets                                                                                                              $ 92,624         $    77,068              20.2 %
Mackenzie average total AUM             (6)

 Third party AUM                                                                                                            $ 139,038        $ 124,861                11.4 %
 Consolidated                                                                                                                 227,437          205,479                10.7

(1) Investment fund AUM and net sales exclude investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
(2) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
(3) Investment funds:
    2025 Q4 – An institutional client made portfolio construction changes within their offering that resulted in an allocation of $1.6 billion into Mackenzie ETFs.
          Q1 – An institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions of $144 million.
(4) Sub-advisory, institutional and other accounts:
    2025 Q4 – An institutional client re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities totalling $345 million on a mandate advised upon by Mackenzie as part of an overall
               asset allocation decision. Mackenzie continues to sub-advise on this mandate.
         Q3 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $1.7 billion.
         Q2 – An institutional investor redeemed $320 million within products that Mackenzie sub-advises.
         Q1 – Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of $3.6 billion.
(5) IG Wealth Management pension plan redemptions from IG Wealth Management mutual funds were re-allocated into a separately managed account managed
    by Mackenzie:
    2025 Q2 – $24 million
    2024 Q1 – $177 million
(6) Based on daily average investment fund assets and month-end average sub-advisory, institutional and other assets.




At December 31, 2025, ChinaAMC’s AUM was RMB¥                                              an increase of 13.7%. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM
3,014.5 billion ($591.4 billion), compared to RMB¥                                         of $65.7 billion increased by 6.9% from $61.4 billion at
2,464.5 billion ($486.2 billion) at December 31, 2024, an                                  December 31, 2024. Mackenzie’s ETF assets excluding
increase of 22.3% (CAD 21.6%). Mackenzie holds a 27.8%                                     ETFs held within IGM Financial’s managed products
interest in ChinaAMC.                                                                      were $12.5 billion at December 31, 2025, an increase
At December 31, 2025, Northleaf’s AUM was $35.0 billion,                                   of 71.7% from $7.3 billion at December 31, 2024. ETF
compared to $32.0 billion at December 31, 2024, an                                         assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products
increase of 9.4%. Mackenzie holds a 56% economic                                           were $24.1 billion at December 31, 2025 compared to
                                                                                           $15.5 billion at December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
interest in Northleaf.
                                                                                           In the three months ended December 31, 2025,
Mackenzie Investments AUM                                                                  Mackenzie’s mutual fund gross sales were $2.8 billion,
Change in AUM – 2025 vs. 2024                                                              an increase of 27.6%, compared to $2.2 billion in 2024.
Mackenzie’s total AUM at December 31, 2025 of                                              Mutual fund redemptions in the current quarter were
$244.0 billion, a record quarter end high, increased                                       $3.3 billion, an increase of 14.5% from last year. Mutual
14.4% from $213.3 billion at December 31, 2024. Third                                      fund net redemptions for the three months ended
party AUM were $151.1 billion, an increase of 16.3%                                        December 31, 2025 were $514 million, compared to
from $129.9 billion at December 31, 2024.                                                  net redemptions of $699 million last year. In the three
                                                                                           months ended December 31, 2025, ETF net creations
Investment fund AUM were $78.1 billion at December 31,                                     were $2.5 billion, compared to $322 million last year.
2025, compared to $68.7 billion at December 31, 2024,

                                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                               51
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                   C  35
                              Table 16: Change in Investment Fund AUM – Mackenzie Investments(1)
                                                                                                                                                                                                Change
                              Three months ended                                                                               2025            2025               2024               2025         2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                   Dec. 31         Sep. 30            Dec. 31            Sep. 30      Dec. 31
                              Sales                                                                                     $      2,792     $      2,293       $     2,188               21.8 %         27.6 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                      3,306            2,512             2,887               31.6           14.5
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                               (514)            (219)              (699)           (134.7)          26.5
                              ETF net creations                                                                                2,505              626                322              N/M            N/M
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)(4)                                                 1,991              407              (377)             N/M            N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                 465            4,099             1,251              (88.7)         (62.8)
                              Net change in assets                                                                             2,456           4,506                874              (45.5)         181.0
                              Beginning assets                                                                                75,677          71,171             67,819                6.3           11.6
                              Ending assets                                                                             $     78,133     $    75,677        $    68,693                3.2 %         13.7 %
                              Consists of:
                               Mutual funds                                                                             $     65,671     $    65,766        $    61,435               (0.1)%          6.9 %
                               ETFs                                                                                           12,462           9,911              7,258               25.7           71.7
                               Investment funds(3)                                                                      $     78,133     $    75,677        $    68,693                3.2 %         13.7 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                      $     77,502     $    73,047        $    68,715                6.1 %         12.8 %

                              Twelve months ended                                                                                                                 2025               2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                                      Dec. 31            Dec. 31      Change
                              Sales                                                                                                                         $     9,826       $      8,499           15.6 %
                              Redemptions                                                                                                                        11,625             11,199            3.8
                              Mutual fund net sales (redemptions)                                                                                                (1,799)            (2,700)          33.4
                              ETF net creations                                                                                                                   4,299              1,088           N/M
                              Investment fund net sales (redemptions)(2)(3)(4)                                                                                    2,500             (1,612)         N/M
                              Investment returns                                                                                                                  6,940              8,390          (17.3)
                              Net change in assets                                                                                                                9,440              6,778           39.3
                              Beginning assets                                                                                                                   68,693             61,915           10.9
                              Ending assets                                                                                                                 $    78,133       $     68,693           13.7 %
                              Daily average investment fund assets                                                                                          $ 72,161          $     65,608           10.0 %
                              (1) Investment fund AUM and net sales excludes investments into Mackenzie mutual funds and ETFs by IGM Financial’s investment funds.
                              (2) Total investment fund net sales and AUM exclude Mackenzie mutual fund investments in ETFs.
                              (3) Mackenzie investment fund products sold through IG Wealth Management are included in Sub-advisory and AUM to Wealth Management.
                              (4) Investment funds:
                                  2025 Q4 – An institutional client made portfolio construction changes within their offering that resulted in an allocation of $1.6 billion into Mackenzie ETFs.
                                        Q1 – An institutional investor which includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions of $144 million.



                              Investment fund net sales in the current quarter were                                         Total net sales excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
                              $2.0 billion, compared to net redemptions of $377 million                                     and to the Wealth Management segment for the three
                              last year. During the current quarter, investment                                             months ended December 31, 2025 were $1.5 billion,




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              returns resulted in investment fund assets increasing                                         compared to net redemptions of $309 million last year.
                              by $465 million compared to an increase of $1.3 billion                                       During the current quarter, investment returns resulted
                              last year.                                                                                    in assets increasing by $792 million, compared to an
                              In the fourth quarter of 2025, an institutional client made                                   increase of $1.5 billion last year.
                              portfolio construction changes within their offering that                                     In the fourth quarter of 2025, an institutional client
                              resulted in an allocation of $1.6 billion into Mackenzie                                      re-assigned sub-advisory responsibilities totalling
                              ETFs. Excluding this transaction, investment fund net sales                                   $345 million on a mandate advised upon by Mackenzie
                              in the current period were $441 million compared to net                                       as part of an overall asset allocation decision. Mackenzie
                              redemptions of $377 million last year.                                                        continues to sub-advise on this mandate. Excluding this
                                                                                                                            transaction and the ETF allocations described above, net



                              52     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                     C  36                                                                                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
sales were $267 million in the current period compared                     $1.1 billion in the twelve months ended December 31,
to net redemptions of $309 million last year.                              2025 compared to net redemptions of $1.6 billion last year.
In the twelve months ended December 31, 2025,                              Total net sales excluding sub-advisory to Canada Life
Mackenzie’s mutual fund gross sales were $9.8 billion, an                  and to the Wealth Management segment for the twelve
increase of 15.6% from $8.5 billion in 2024. Mutual fund                   months ended December 31, 2025 were $6.7 billion,
redemptions in the current period were $11.6 billion,                      compared to net redemptions of $2.0 billion in 2024.
an increase of 3.8% from last year. Mutual fund net                        During the twelve month period, investment returns
redemptions for the year ended December 31, 2025                           resulted in assets increasing by $8.8 billion, compared to
were $1.8 billion, compared to net redemptions of                          an increase of $9.8 billion last year.
$2.7 billion in 2024. In the year ended December 31,                       During the twelve months ended December 31,
2025, ETF net creations were $4.3 billion, compared                        2025, Mackenzie onboarded institutional mandates of
to $1.1 billion last year. Investment fund net sales in                    $5.3 billion, institutional investors redeemed $665 million
the current period were $2.5 billion, compared to net                      within products that Mackenzie sub-advises and the
redemptions of $1.6 billion last year. During the current                  IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed
period, investment returns resulted in investment fund                     $24 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds
assets increasing by $6.9 billion, compared to an increase                 that was re-allocated into a separately managed account
of $8.4 billion last year.                                                 managed by Mackenzie. During the first quarter of 2024,
Redemptions of long-term mutual funds in the three                         the IG Wealth Management pension plan redeemed
and twelve months ended December 31, 2025, were                            $177 million from IG Wealth Management mutual funds
$3.3 billion and $11.3 billion, respectively, compared                     that was re-allocated into a separately managed account
to $2.8 billion and $10.9 billion last year. Mackenzie’s                   managed by Mackenzie. Excluding these transactions and
annualized quarterly redemption rate for long-term                         the mutual fund and ETF allocation changes described
mutual funds was 19.6% in the fourth quarter of 2025,                      above, net redemptions were $1.8 billion in the twelve
compared to 18.4% in the fourth quarter of 2024.                           months ended December 31, 2025, compared to net
Mackenzie’s twelve month trailing redemption rate for                      redemptions of $2.2 billion last year.
long-term mutual funds was 18.0% at December 31,                           As at December 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to
2025, compared to 18.7% last year. The corresponding                       Canada Life were $58.5 billion, compared to $52.9 billion
average twelve month trailing redemption rate for long-                    at December 31, 2024.
term mutual funds for all other members of SIMA was
approximately 15.1% at December 31, 2025. Mackenzie’s                      As at December 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory
twelve month trailing redemption rate is comprised of                      and AUM to the Wealth Management segment
the weighted average redemption rate for front-end                         were $92.8 billion or 66.9% of Wealth Management
load assets, deferred sales charge and low load assets                     AUM excluding strategic investments, compared to
with redemption fees, and deferred sales charge assets                     $83.4 billion or 67.7% of Wealth Management AUM
without redemption fees (matured assets). Generally,                       excluding strategic investments at December 31, 2024.
redemption rates for front-end load assets and matured                     Change in AUM – Q4 2025 vs. Q3 2025
assets are higher than the redemption rates for deferred                   Mackenzie’s total AUM at December 31, 2025 were
sales charge and low load assets with redemption fees.                     $244.0 billion, an increase of 1.9% from $239.5 billion
In the first quarter of 2025, an institutional investor which              at September 30, 2025. Third party AUM were




                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
includes Mackenzie mutual funds in its product offerings                   $151.1 billion, an increase of 3.0% from $146.7 billion at
made fund allocation changes resulting in redemptions                      September 30, 2025.
of $144 million. Excluding this transaction, mutual fund                   Investment fund AUM were $78.1 billion at December 31,
redemptions increased by 2.5% in the twelve months                         2025, an increase of 3.2% from $75.7 billion at September
ended December 31, 2025, compared to last year,                            30, 2025. Mackenzie’s mutual fund AUM were
and mutual fund net redemptions were $1.7 billion,                         $65.7 billion at December 31, 2025, a decrease of 0.1%
compared to net redemptions of $2.7 billion last year.                     from $65.8 billion at September 30, 2025. Mackenzie’s
Excluding the first quarter and fourth quarter transactions                ETF assets were $12.5 billion at December 31, 2025,
described above, investment fund net sales were                            compared to $9.9 billion at September 30, 2025. ETF
                                                                           assets inclusive of IGM Financial’s managed products


                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   53
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  37
                              were $24.1 billion at December 31, 2025, compared to            For the quarter ended December 31, 2025, Mackenzie
                              $21.0 billion at September 30, 2025.                            ETF net creations were $2.5 billion, compared to
                              For the quarter ended December 31, 2025, Mackenzie              $626 million in the third quarter.
                              mutual fund gross sales were $2.8 billion, an increase          Investment fund net sales in the current quarter were
                              of 21.8% from the third quarter of 2025. Mutual fund            $2.0 billion, compared to net sales of $407 million in the
                              redemptions were $3.3 billion, an increase of 31.6% from        third quarter.
                              the third quarter of 2025. Net redemptions of Mackenzie         As at December 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory to
                              mutual funds for the current quarter were $514 million,         Canada Life were $58.5 billion, compared to $56.4 billion
                              compared to net redemptions of $219 million in the              at September 30, 2025.
                              previous quarter.
                                                                                              As at December 31, 2025, Mackenzie’s sub-advisory
                              Redemptions of long-term mutual fund assets in                  and AUM to the Wealth Management segment
                              the current quarter were $3.3 billion, compared to              were $92.8 billion or 66.9% of Wealth Management
                              $2.4 billion the third quarter. Mackenzie’s annualized          AUM excluding strategic investments, compared to
                              quarterly redemption rate for long-term mutual funds for        $92.8 billion or 67.2% of Wealth Management AUM
                              the current quarter was 19.6%, compared to 15.3% in the         excluding strategic investments at September 30, 2025.
                              third quarter.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              54 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  38                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Asset Management segment’s adjusted net earnings                                  2.0% from the fourth quarter in 2024 and a decrease of
are presented in Table 17 and include the operations of                               10.4% from the prior quarter. Adjusted earnings before
Mackenzie Investments and earnings related to strategic                               interest and taxes for the year ended December 31, 2025
investments.                                                                          were $350.5 million, an increase of 1.8% from 2024.

Mackenzie Investments                                                                 2025 vs. 2024
                                                                                      Revenues
Mackenzie Investments’ adjusted net earnings are
presented in Table 18. Adjusted net earnings for the                                  Asset management fees are classified as either Asset
fourth quarter of 2025 were $60.4 million, a decrease of                              management fees – third party or Asset management
2.4% from the fourth quarter in 2024 and a decrease of                                fees – Wealth Management.
11.4% from the prior quarter. Adjusted net earnings for                               • Net asset management fees – third party is comprised
the year ended December 31, 2025 were $239.0 million,                                   of the following:
an increase of 1.9% from 2024.                                                          - Asset management fees – third party consists of
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes for the                                       management and administration fees earned from
fourth quarter of 2025 were $88.6 million, a decrease of                                  our investment funds and management fees from




Table 17: Operating Results – Asset Management
                                                                                                                                                 Change
Three months ended                                                                       2025           2025            2024           2025        2024
($ millions)                                                                           Dec. 31        Sep. 30         Dec. 31        Sep. 30     Dec. 31
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                             $      270.5    $     264.0     $     256.6            2.5 %       5.4 %
  Redemption fees                                                                          1.1            0.4             0.4          175.0       175.0
                                                                                         271.6          264.4           257.0            2.7          5.7
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                               (86.5)          (84.6)             (84.0)       2.2          3.0
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                 185.1          179.8           173.0            2.9         7.0
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                35.5           33.8            31.3            5.0        13.4
 Net asset management                                                                    220.6          213.6           204.3            3.3          8.0
 Net investment income and other                                                           2.0            6.7             8.5          (70.1)       (76.5)
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                              32.9           47.6            29.2          (30.9)        12.7
                                                                                         255.5          267.9           242.0           (4.6)         5.6
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                        30.2            22.0              24.2        37.3        24.8




                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Operations and support                                                                  102.6            98.3              97.1         4.4         5.7
 Sub-advisory                                                                              1.7             1.6               1.6         6.3         6.3
                                                                                         134.5          121.9           122.9           10.3          9.4
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                           121.0          146.0           119.1          (17.1)         1.6
Interest expense                                                                           6.6            6.5             6.5            1.5          1.5
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                 114.4          139.5           112.6          (18.0)         1.6
Income taxes                                                                              23.7           28.6            24.4          (17.1)        (2.9)
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                  90.7          110.9               88.2       (18.2)        2.8
Non-controlling interest                                                                   2.1            0.3                0.7       N/M         200.0
Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                         $       88.6    $     110.6     $         87.5       (19.9)%        1.3 %
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS               55
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      C  39
                              Table 17: Operating Results – Asset Management (continued)
                              Twelve months ended                                                                                                         2025               2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                              Dec. 31            Dec. 31    Change
                              Revenues
                               Asset management
                                Asset management fees – third party                                                                                 $ 1,034.4         $      985.2        5.0 %
                                Redemption fees                                                                                                           2.4                  2.4          –
                                                                                                                                                        1,036.8              987.6        5.0
                               Dealer compensation expenses
                                Asset-based compensation                                                                                                  (335.7)           (325.3)       3.2
                               Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                    701.1              662.3       5.9
                               Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                                  133.0              120.6      10.3
                               Net asset management                                                                                                       834.1              782.9        6.5
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                             15.2               23.2      (34.5)
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                                                                                158.5              133.1       19.1
                                                                                                                                                        1,007.8              939.2        7.3
                              Expenses
                               Advisory and business development                                                                                           99.8               86.8      15.0
                               Operations and support                                                                                                     394.8              372.1       6.1
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                                 6.1                5.7       7.0
                                                                                                                                                          500.7              464.6        7.8
                              Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                               507.1             474.6        6.8
                              Interest expense                                                                                                              26.0              26.1       (0.4)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                    481.1              448.5        7.3
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                 97.7               94.2        3.7
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                    383.4              354.3       8.2
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                      6.0                3.9      53.8
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                             $      377.4      $      350.4        7.7 %

                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




                                   our third party sub-advisory, institutional and other                              the first year and decrease to zero after seven years.
                                   accounts. The largest component is management                                      Redemption fees for low load assets range from 2.0%
                                   fees from our investment funds. The amount of                                      to 3.0% in the first year and decrease to zero after two
                                   management fees depends on the level and                                           or three years, depending on the purchase option.
                                   composition of AUM. Management fee rates vary                                    - Dealer compensation expenses – consists of asset-
                                   depending on the investment objective and the                                      based compensation. Asset-based compensation
                                   account type of the underlying AUM. For example,                                   represents trailing commissions paid to dealers on
                                   equity-based mandates have higher management                                       certain classes of retail mutual funds and are calculated




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                   fee rates than exchange traded funds, fixed income                                 as a percentage of mutual fund AUM. These fees vary
                                   mandates and retail mutual fund accounts have                                      depending on the fund type and the purchase option
                                   higher management fee rates than sub-advised and                                   upon which the fund was sold: front-end, deferred
                                   institutional accounts. The majority of Mackenzie’s                                sales charge or low load.
                                   mutual fund assets are retail and sold through third                           • Asset management fees – Wealth Management
                                   party financial advisors.                                                        consists of sub-advisory fees earned from the Wealth
                                 - Redemption fees – consists of fees earned from                                   Management segment.
                                   the redemptions of mutual fund assets sold on a
                                                                                                                  Net asset management fees – third party were
                                   deferred sales charge purchase option and on a low
                                                                                                                  $185.1 million for the three months ended December 31,
                                   load purchase option. Redemption fees charged
                                                                                                                  2025, an increase of $12.1 million or 7.0% from
                                   for deferred sales charge assets range from 5.5% in
                                                                                                                  $173.0 million last year. The increase in net asset

                              56 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  40                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 18: Operating Results – Mackenzie Investments
                                                                                                                                                     Change
Three months ended                                                                      2025            2025            2024               2025        2024
($ millions)                                                                          Dec. 31         Sep. 30         Dec. 31            Sep. 30     Dec. 31
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                             $     270.5     $     264.0     $     256.6                2.5 %       5.4 %
  Redemption fees                                                                         1.1             0.4             0.4              175.0       175.0
                                                                                        271.6           264.4           257.0                2.7          5.7
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                               (86.5)          (84.6)             (84.0)           2.2          3.0
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                185.1           179.8           173.0                2.9         7.0
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                               35.5            33.8            31.3                5.0        13.4
 Net asset management                                                                   220.6           213.6           204.3                3.3          8.0
 Net investment income and other                                                          2.0             6.7             8.5              (70.1)       (76.5)
                                                                                        222.6           220.3           212.8                1.0          4.6
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                       30.2             22.0              24.2            37.3        24.8
 Operations and support                                                                 102.1             97.8              96.6             4.4         5.7
 Sub-advisory                                                                             1.7              1.6               1.6             6.3         6.3
                                                                                        134.0           121.4           122.4               10.4          9.5
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                           88.6             98.9              90.4           (10.4)        (2.0)
Interest expense                                                                          6.6              6.5               6.5             1.5          1.5
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                 82.0             92.4              83.9           (11.3)        (2.3)
Income taxes                                                                             21.6             24.2              22.0           (10.7)        (1.8)
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                          $      60.4     $       68.2    $         61.9           (11.4)%       (2.4)%

Twelve months ended                                                                                                     2025               2024
($ millions)                                                                                                          Dec. 31            Dec. 31     Change
Revenues
 Asset management
  Asset management fees – third party                                                                             $ 1,034.4          $     985.2          5.0 %
  Redemption fees                                                                                                       2.4                  2.4            –
                                                                                                                      1,036.8              987.6          5.0
 Dealer compensation expenses
  Asset-based compensation                                                                                             (335.7)            (325.3)         3.2
 Net asset management fees – third party                                                                                701.1              662.3         5.9
 Asset management fees – Wealth Management                                                                              133.0              120.6        10.3
 Net asset management                                                                                                   834.1              782.9          6.5
 Net investment income and other                                                                                         15.2               24.0        (36.7)




                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                        849.3              806.9          5.3
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                                                                       99.8               86.8        15.0
 Operations and support                                                                                                 392.9              370.2         6.1
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                             6.1                5.7         7.0
                                                                                                                        498.8              462.7          7.8
Adjusted earnings before interest and taxes(1)                                                                          350.5              344.2          1.8
Interest expense                                                                                                         26.0               26.1         (0.4)
Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                324.5              318.1          2.0
Income taxes                                                                                                             85.5               83.6          2.3
Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                          $     239.0        $     234.5          1.9 %
(1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.


                                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                   57
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                          C  41
                              management fees – third party was primarily due to a            Net investment income and other primarily includes
                              15.2% increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 15,            investment returns related to Mackenzie’s investments
                              partially offset by a decrease in the net asset management      in proprietary funds. These investments are generally
                              fee rate. Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate             made in the process of launching a fund and are sold as
                              was 49.0 basis points for the three months ended                third party investors subscribe. Net investment income
                              December 31, 2025, compared to 52.8 basis points in the         and other was $2.0 million for the three months ended
                              comparative period in 2024. The decrease in rate was            December 31, 2025 compared to $8.5 million last year,
                              driven by a change in the composition of AUM, including         and was $15.2 million for the twelve months ended
                              the impact of having a greater share in non-retail priced       December 31, 2025 compared to $24.0 million last year.
                              products. Contributing to the increase in non-retail assets
                                                                                              Expenses
                              was the onboarding of $5.3 billion of institutional AUM
                              during 2025 and higher AUM through our partnership              Mackenzie incurs advisory and business development
                              with Wealthsimple and Primerica.                                expenses that primarily include wholesale distribution
                                                                                              activities and these costs vary directly with assets or
                              Net asset management fees – third party were                    sales levels. Advisory and business development
                              $701.1 million for the twelve months ended                      expenses were $30.2 million for the three months ended
                              December 31, 2025, an increase of $38.8 million or              December 31, 2025, an increase of $6.0 million or 24.8%
                              5.9% from $662.3 million last year. The increase in net         from $24.2 million in 2024. Expenses for the twelve
                              asset management fees – third party was due to a                months ended December 31, 2025 were $99.8 million,
                              11.4% increase in average AUM, as shown in Table 15,            an increase of $13.0 million or 15.0% from $86.8 million
                              partially offset by a decrease in the net management            last year. The increase in the three and twelve month
                              fee rate and one less calendar day in the twelve month          periods was primarily attributed to higher wholesaler
                              period of 2025, compared to the same period in 2024.            commissions consistent with the increase in investment
                              Mackenzie’s net asset management fee rate was 50.0              fund net sales.
                              basis points for the twelve months ended December 31,
                              2025, compared to 52.9 basis points in the comparative          Operations and support includes costs associated with
                              period in 2024. The decrease in rate was driven by a            business operations, including technology and business
                              change in the composition of AUM, including the impact          processes, in-house investment management and
                              of having a greater share in non-retail priced products.        product shelf management, corporate management
                              Contributing to the increase in non-retail assets was the       and support functions. These expenses primarily
                              onboarding of $5.3 billion of institutional AUM during          reflect compensation, technology and other service
                              2025 and higher AUM through our partnership with                provider expenses. Operations and support expenses
                              Wealthsimple and Primerica.                                     were $102.1 million for the three months ended
                                                                                              December 31, 2025, an increase of $5.5 million or 5.7%
                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                  from $96.6 million in 2024. Expenses for the twelve
                              $35.5 million for the three months ended December 31,           months ended December 31, 2025 were $392.9 million,
                              2025, an increase of $4.2 million or 13.4% from                 an increase of $22.7 million or 6.1% from $370.2 million
                              $31.3 million last year. The increase in management             last year.
                              fees was primarily due to an 11.4% increase in average
                              AUM. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 15.0 basis             Sub-advisory expenses were $1.7 million for the three
                              points for the three months ended December 31, 2025,            months ended December 31, 2025, compared to
                                                                                              $1.6 million in 2024. Expenses for the twelve months




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              compared to 14.8 basis points in the comparative period
                              in 2024.                                                        ended December 31, 2025 were $6.1 million, compared
                                                                                              to $5.7 million last year.
                              Asset management fees – Wealth Management
                              were $133.0 million for the twelve months ended                 Interest Expense
                              December 31, 2025, an increase of $12.4 million or 10.3%        Interest expense, which includes allocated interest
                              from $120.6 million last year. The increase in management       expense on long-term debt and interest expense on
                              fees was primarily due to a 9.7% increase in average            leases, totalled $6.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2025,
                              AUM. Mackenzie’s management fee rate was 15.0 basis             compared to $6.5 million in the comparative period in
                              points for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025,           2024. Interest expense for the twelve month period
                              compared to 14.9 basis points in the comparative period         was $26.0 million compared to $26.1 million in 2024.
                              in 2024.                                                        Long-term debt interest expense is calculated based


                              58 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  42                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
on an allocation of IGM Financial’s long-term debt of                      wholesaler commissions consistent with the increase in
$450 million to Mackenzie.                                                 net investment fund net sales.
                                                                           Operations and support expenses were $102.1 million
Q4 2025 vs. Q3 2025                                                        for the current quarter, compared to $97.8 million in the
Revenues                                                                   third quarter.
Net asset management fees – third party were
                                                                           Sub-advisory expenses were $1.7 million for the current
$185.1 million for the current quarter, an increase of
                                                                           quarter, compared to $1.6 million in the third quarter.
$5.3 million or 2.9% from $179.8 million in the third quarter
of 2025. Factors contributing to the net increase were:
                                                                           Asset Management Strategic Investments
• Average AUM were $149.7 billion in the current
  quarter, an increase of 6.0% from the prior quarter.                     Asset Management strategic investment’s adjusted
• Net asset management fee rate was 49.0 basis points                      net earnings are presented within Table 19. Adjusted
  for the current quarter compared to 50.5 basis points                    net earnings for the fourth quarter of 2025 were
  in the third quarter.                                                    $28.2 million, compared to $25.6 million in 2024
                                                                           and $42.4 million in the prior quarter. Adjusted net
Asset management fees – Wealth Management were                             earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025 were
$35.5 million, an increase of 5.0% from $33.8 million in                   $138.4 million, compared to $115.9 million in 2024.
the third quarter. The increase is primarily due to a 4.4%
increase in average AUM. The asset management fee rate                     The proportionate share of associates’ earnings consists
was 15.0 basis points in the current quarter, unchanged                    of equity earnings from ChinaAMC and Northleaf.
from the third quarter.                                                    The Company’s share of ChinaAMC’s earnings were
Net investment income and other was $2.0 million for                       $22.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2025, compared
the current quarter, compared to $6.7 million in the                       to $25.4 million in the comparable period in 2024, and
third quarter.                                                             were $128.4 million in the twelve month period of 2025,
                                                                           compared to $113.5 million in 2024.
Expenses
                                                                           The Company’s share of Northleaf’s earnings were
Advisory and business development expenses were                            $10.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2025, compared
$30.2 million for the current quarter, compared to                         to $3.8 million in the comparable period in 2024, and
$22.0 million in the third quarter. The increase in the                    were $30.1 million in the twelve month period of 2025,
fourth quarter was primarily attributed to higher                          compared to $19.6 million in 2024. This is offset by
                                                                           non-controlling interest as reflected in the table.




                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   59
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  43
                              Table 19: Operating Results – Asset Management Strategic Investments
                                                                                                                                                                                       Change
                              Three months ended                                                                      2025             2025               2024               2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                          Dec. 31          Sep. 30            Dec. 31            Sep. 30     Dec. 31
                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                  $          –     $            –     $           –               –%           –%
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                22.0              46.1              25.4             (52.3)      (13.4)
                                Northleaf                                                                               10.9               1.5               3.8             N/M         186.8
                                                                                                                        32.9              47.6              29.2             (30.9)       12.7
                                                                                                                        32.9              47.6              29.2             (30.9)       12.7
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                    0.5               0.5                0.5               –            –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                 32.4               47.1              28.7             (31.2)       12.9
                              Income taxes                                                                              2.1                4.4               2.4             (52.3)      (12.5)
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                 30.3               42.7              26.3             (29.0)       15.2
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                  2.1                0.3               0.7             N/M         200.0
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                         $      28.2      $        42.4      $       25.6             (33.5)%      10.2 %

                              Twelve months ended                                                                                                         2025               2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                              Dec. 31            Dec. 31     Change
                              Revenues
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                      $           –     $       (0.8)      100.0 %
                               Proportionate share of associates’ earnings
                                ChinaAMC                                                                                                                  128.4              113.5        13.1
                                Northleaf                                                                                                                  30.1               19.6        53.6
                                                                                                                                                          158.5              133.1        19.1
                                                                                                                                                          158.5              132.3        19.8
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                         1.9              1.9           –
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                    156.6              130.4        20.1
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                 12.2               10.6        15.1
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                                    144.4              119.8        20.5
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                      6.0                3.9        53.8
                              Adjusted net earnings available to common shareholders(1)                                                             $     138.4       $      115.9        19.4 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              60 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  44                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Corporate and Other
Review of Segment Operating Results
The Corporate and Other segment includes the                               Corporate and Other segment adjusted net earnings are
Company’s investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures                       presented in Table 21.
LPs (Portage), and unallocated capital.
Adjusted earnings from the Corporate and Other                             2025 vs. 2024
segment include the Company’s proportionate share of                       The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings was
Lifeco’s base earnings, an alternate measure Lifeco uses                   $31.1 million, an increase of $4.8 million in the fourth
to understand the underlying business performance                          quarter of 2025 compared to the fourth quarter of
compared to IFRS net earnings. Lifeco’s financial                          2024, and were $112.6 million for the twelve month
information can be obtained in its disclosure materials                    period of 2025, compared to $100.0 million in 2024.
filed on www.sedarplus.ca. Net investment income on                        The proportionate share of Lifeco’s net earnings was
unallocated capital and consolidation elimination entries                  $26.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2025, a decrease
are also included in this segment.                                         of $0.3 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2024,
                                                                           and were $94.4 million for the twelve month period of
At December 31, 2025, the Company held a 2.4% equity
                                                                           2025, an increase of $1.3 million compared to last year.
interest in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled
                                                                           These earnings reflect the proportionate share of equity
by Power.
                                                                           earnings from Lifeco, as discussed in the Consolidated
Portage is a global fintech venture capital investment                     Financial Position section of this MD&A.
strategy focused on early to late stage opportunities
                                                                           Net investment income and other was $5.8 million in
in insurance, consumer & SMB finance, wealth & asset
                                                                           the fourth quarter of 2025, an increase of $0.3 million
management, and fintech enablers and is controlled
                                                                           from $5.5 million in 2024. For the twelve month period,
by Power.
                                                                           net investment income and other was $19.1 million, an
In addition to Lifeco and other investments held by the                    increase of $1.7 million from $17.4 million in 2024.
Company, the Corporate and Other segment includes
unallocated capital which totalled $996.5 million at                       Q4 2025 vs. Q3 2025
December 31, 2025, compared to $531.3 million at
                                                                           The proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings
December 31, 2024, as detailed in Table 20.
                                                                           was $31.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2025, an
Unallocated capital represents capital not allocated to                    increase of $1.6 million from the third quarter of 2025.
any of the operating companies and which would be                          The proportionate share of Lifeco’s net earnings was
available for investment, debt repayment, distribution                     $26.0 million, a decrease of $0.4 million from the third
to shareholders or other corporate purposes. This                          quarter of 2025.
capital is invested in highly liquid, high quality financial
instruments in accordance with the Company’s
Investment Policy.




                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 20: Total Assets – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                         2025        2024
($ millions)                                                                                                           Dec. 31     Dec. 31
Investments in associate
 Lifeco                                                                                                            $     670.0 $     633.5
FVTOCI investments
 Portage and other investments                                                                                          206.6        151.6
Unallocated capital                                                                                                     996.5        531.3
Total assets                                                                                                       $ 1,873.1 $ 1,316.4
Lifeco fair value                                                                                                  $ 1,498.2 $ 1,053.9


                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS     61
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                            C  45
                              Table 21: Operating Results – Corporate and Other
                                                                                                                                                                                       Change
                              Three months ended                                                                      2025             2025               2024               2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                          Dec. 31          Sep. 30            Dec. 31            Sep. 30     Dec. 31
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                $       (4.5)    $        (4.0)     $        (2.8)           (12.5)%     (60.7)%
                               Asset management                                                                        (28.4)            (27.5)            (26.7)             (3.3)       (6.4)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                              (1.8)              (1.6)             (1.2)            12.5        50.0
                               Net asset management                                                                    (30.2)            (29.1)            (27.9)             (3.8)       (8.2)
                               Net investment income and other                                                          5.8                4.6               5.5              26.1         5.5
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                           31.1               29.5              26.3               5.4        18.3
                                                                                                                         2.2               1.0                1.1            120.0       100.0
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                    0.2               0.6               1.0             (66.7)      (80.0)
                               Sub-advisory                                                                            (34.6)            (33.2)            (30.9)              (4.2)     (12.0)
                                                                                                                       (34.4)            (32.6)            (29.9)             (5.5)      (15.1)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes           (1)
                                                                                                                       36.6               33.6              31.0               8.9        18.1
                              Income taxes                                                                              1.5                1.2               1.4              25.0         7.1
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                          $       35.1     $        32.4      $       29.6               8.3 %      18.6 %

                              Twelve months ended                                                                                                         2025               2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                              Dec. 31            Dec. 31     Change
                              Revenues
                               Wealth Management                                                                                                    $      (15.4)     $       (9.5)      (62.1)%
                               Asset management                                                                                                          (108.7)            (105.5)       (3.0)
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                                                  (6.2)              (3.9)      59.0
                               Net asset management                                                                                                      (114.9)            (109.4)       (5.0)
                               Net investment income and other                                                                                             19.1               17.4         9.8
                               Proportionate share of Lifeco’s base earnings                                                                              112.6              100.0        12.6
                                                                                                                                                              1.4             (1.5)      N/M
                              Expenses
                               Operations and support                                                                                                       2.5                2.6        (3.8)
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                              (130.3)            (119.0)       (9.5)
                                                                                                                                                          (127.8)           (116.4)       (9.8)
                              Adjusted earnings before income taxes(1)                                                                                     129.2             114.9        12.4
                              Income taxes                                                                                                                   4.5               4.0        12.5
                              Adjusted net earnings(1)                                                                                              $     124.7       $      110.9        12.4 %
                              (1) A non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial Measures section of this document.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              62 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  46                                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
IGM Financial Inc.
Consolidated Financial Position
IGM Financial’s total assets were $22.4 billion at                           On October 31, 2025, the Company participated in a
December 31, 2025, compared to $20.7 billion at                              $550 million primary equity offering by Wealthsimple,
December 31, 2024.                                                           investing $100 million. A secondary transaction involving
                                                                             third party investors and totalling $190 million closed on
Other Investments                                                            December 19, 2025.

The composition of the Company’s securities holdings is                      At December 31, 2025, the fair value of the Company’s
detailed in Table 22.                                                        investment in Wealthsimple was $2,258 million, compared
                                                                             to $1,219 million at December 31, 2024. The increase in
Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income                                fair value during the year considers recent transactions,
(FVTOCI)                                                                     increase in public market peer valuations, as well as
                                                                             Wealthsimple’s business performance and revenue
Gains and losses on FVTOCI investments are recorded in
                                                                             expectations. Fair value is determined by using observable
Other comprehensive income.
                                                                             transactions in the investments’ securities where available,
Corporate Investments                                                        discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics,
Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the                          including revenue multiples used in the valuation of
Company’s investments in Wealthsimple and Portage                            comparable public companies.
and are recorded at FVTOCI.                                                  Wealthsimple’s total assets under administration were
The total fair value of Corporate investments was                            $111.3 billion at December 31, 2025, representing an
$2,413 million at December 31, 2025, compared to                             increase of 74.0% from $64.0 billion at December 31, 2024.
$1,350 million at December 31, 2024, and is presented
net of certain costs incurred within the limited partnership                 Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (FVTPL)
structures holding the underlying investments.                               Securities classified as FVTPL include equity securities
Wealthsimple Financial Corp.                                                 and proprietary investment funds. Gains and losses are
                                                                             recorded in Net investment income and other in the
Wealthsimple is a financial company that provides simple
                                                                             Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
digital tools for growing and managing client money.
The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily                        Certain proprietary investment funds are consolidated
held through a limited partnership controlled by Power.                      where the Company has made the assessment that it
The investment is classified at FVTOCI. IGM Financial                        controls the investment fund. The underlying securities
Inc. holds a 25.5% economic interest in Wealthsimple                         of these funds are classified as FVTPL.
(December 31, 2024 – 27.2%).




                                                                                                                                               PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 22: Other Investments
                                                                                               December 31, 2025         December 31, 2024
                                                                                                              Fair                      Fair
($ millions)                                                                                     Cost       Value          Cost       Value
Fair value through other comprehensive income
 Corporate investments                                                                     $    403.3   $ 2,412.9    $    289.9   $ 1,350.4
Fair value through profit or loss
 Equity securities                                                                                  –           –           1.8         2.0
 Proprietary investment funds                                                                   107.7       109.2         107.8       116.1
                                                                                                107.7       109.2         109.6       118.1
                                                                                           $    511.0   $ 2,522.1    $    399.5   $ 1,468.5


                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS    63
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           C  47
                              Loans                                                           prepayment risk associated with the transferred assets.
                                                                                              The Company’s credit risk on its securitized mortgages
                              The composition of the Company’s loans is detailed in
                                                                                              is partially mitigated through the use of insurance.
                              Table 23.
                                                                                              Derecognition of financial assets in accordance with
                              Loans consisted of residential mortgages, which                 IFRS is based on the transfer of risks and rewards of
                              include HELOCs, and represented 23.5% of total                  ownership. As the Company has retained prepayment
                              assets at December 31, 2025, compared to 26.4% at               risk and certain elements of credit risk associated with the
                              December 31, 2024.                                              Company’s securitization transactions through the CMB
                              Loans measured at amortized cost are primarily                  and ABCP programs, they are accounted for as secured
                              comprised of residential mortgages sold to securitization       borrowings. The Company records the transactions
                              programs sponsored by third parties that in turn issue          under these programs as follows: i) the mortgages
                              securities to investors. An offsetting liability, Obligations   and related obligations are carried at amortized cost,
                              to securitization entities, has been recorded and               with interest income and interest expense, utilizing
                              totalled $4.8 billion at December 31, 2025, compared to         the effective interest rate method, recorded over the
                              $5.0 billion at December 31, 2024.                              term of the mortgages, ii) the component of swaps
                                                                                              entered into under the CMB Program whereby the
                              The Company holds loans pending sale or securitization.
                                                                                              Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds
                              Loans measured at FVTPL are residential mortgages
                                                                                              and receives investment returns on the reinvestment of
                              held temporarily by the Company pending sale. Loans
                                                                                              repaid mortgage principal, are recorded at fair value,
                              held for securitization are carried at amortized cost.
                                                                                              and iii) cash reserves held under the ABCP program are
                              Total loans being held pending sale or securitization
                                                                                              carried at amortized cost.
                              are $492.9 million at December 31, 2025, compared to
                              $405.7 million at December 31, 2024.                            In the fourth quarter of 2025, the Company securitized
                                                                                              loans through its mortgage banking operations with cash
                              Residential mortgages originated by IG Wealth
                                                                                              proceeds of $363.3 million, compared to $423.9 million
                              Management are funded primarily through sales to
                                                                                              in 2024. Additional information related to the Company’s
                              third parties on a fully serviced basis, including Canada
                                                                                              securitization activities, including the Company’s hedges
                              Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC) or
                                                                                              of related reinvestment and interest rate risk, can be
                              Canadian bank sponsored securitization programs. At
                                                                                              found in the Financial Risk section of this MD&A and in
                              December 31, 2025, IG Wealth Management serviced
                                                                                              Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
                              $6.8 billion of residential mortgages.

                                                                                              Investment in Associates
                              Securitization Arrangements
                                                                                              The Company uses the equity method to account for
                              Through the Company’s mortgage banking operations,
                                                                                              its investments in associates, which include Great-West
                              residential mortgages are sold to securitization trusts
                                                                                              Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China Asset Management Co.,
                              sponsored by third parties that in turn issue securities to
                                                                                              Ltd. (ChinaAMC), Rockefeller Capital Management
                              investors. The Company securitizes residential mortgages
                                                                                              (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.
                              through the CMHC sponsored National Housing Act
                                                                                              (Northleaf), as it exercises significant influence. Changes
                              Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) and the
                                                                                              in the carrying values for the year ended December 31,
                              Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB) Program and through
                                                                                              2025 compared to 2024 are shown in Table 24.
                              Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              paper (ABCP) programs. The Company retains servicing
                              responsibilities and certain elements of credit risk and



                              Table 23: Loans
                                                                                                                                                           2025        2024
                              ($ millions)                                                                                                               Dec. 31     Dec. 31
                              Amortized cost                                                                                                         $   5,262.8 $   5,463.2
                              Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                          (0.7)       (0.8)
                                                                                                                                                     $   5,262.1 $   5,462.4


                              64 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  48                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 24: Investment in Associates
                                                                                         December 31, 2025                                                                December 31, 2024
($ millions)               Lifeco ChinaAMC Rockefeller               Northleaf            Other         Total        Lifeco ChinaAMC Rockefeller         Northleaf         Other         Total
Three months ended
Carrying value,
October 1              $   663.6       $ 2,052.5     $    871.6      $   462.7       $     60.6     $ 4,111.0    $   619.1     $ 1,956.6    $   852.0    $   309.7    $      59.3    $ 3,796.7
 Additions                     –                –              –           (1.7)              –          (1.7)           –            –            –          40.0             –          40.0
 Return of capital
 and other                     –                –        (374.0)              –            (10.9)      (384.9)           –            –            –            –              –            –
 Dividends                  (13.5)              –              –              –               –         (13.5)        (12.3)          –            –            –              –         (12.3)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)           26.0             22.0          12.2            10.9               –         71.1          26.3          25.4         (2.5)         3.8            0.1         53.1
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments         (6.1)            6.7          (29.1)             –               –         (28.5)         0.4          48.1         53.7           –              –        102.2
Carrying value,
December 31            $   670.0       $ 2,081.2     $    480.7      $   471.9       $      49.7    $ 3,753.5    $   633.5     $ 2,030.1    $   903.2    $   353.5    $      59.4    $ 3,979.7
Twelve months ended
Carrying value,
January 1              $   633.5       $ 2,030.1     $    903.2      $   353.5       $      59.4    $ 3,979.7    $   589.3     $ 1,885.3    $   844.8    $   301.8    $      38.0    $ 3,659.2
 Additions                     –                –              –         100.2                –        100.2             –            –           0.1         40.0           21.5         61.6
 Return of capital
 and other                     –                –        (374.0)              –            (10.9)      (384.9)           –            –            –            –              –            –
 Dividends                  (54.0)          (66.0)             –           (8.7)              –        (128.7)        (49.2)       (72.9)          –          (7.9)            –        (130.0)
 Proportionate
 share of:
   Earnings
   (losses)(1)(2)(3)        94.4            128.4          10.1            30.1             1.2        264.2          93.1        113.5         (13.3)        19.6           (0.1)      212.8
   Other
   comprehensive
   income (loss) and
   other adjustments         (3.9)          (11.3)         (58.6)          (3.2)              –         (77.0)         0.3        104.2          71.6           –              –        176.1
Carrying value,
December 31            $   670.0       $ 2,081.2     $    480.7      $   471.9       $      49.7    $ 3,753.5    $   633.5     $ 2,030.1    $   903.2    $   353.5    $      59.4    $ 3,979.7

(1) The proportionate share of earnings from the Company’s investment in associates is recorded in either the Wealth Management, Asset Management or Corporate
    and Other segment. The proportionate share of Lifeco earnings includes Lifeco other items of ($5.1) million and ($18.2) million for the three and twelve month
    periods of 2025, respectively, compared to nil and ($6.9) million for the same periods in 2024.
(2) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings, net of non-controlling interest, was $8.8 million and $24.1 million for the three and twelve month
    periods of 2025, respectively, compared to $3.1 million and $15.7 million for the same periods in 2024.
(3) The proportionate share of Rockefeller includes Rockefeller debt refinancing of ($3.3) million for the twelve month period of 2024.




Great-West Lifeco Inc.                                                                                representing an increase of 22.3% (CAD 21.6%) from
                                                                                                      RMB¥ 2,464.5 billion ($486.2 billion) at December 31,
At December 31, 2025, the Company held a 2.4% equity
                                                                                                      2024. Investment fund net flows, which exclude
interest in Lifeco. IGM Financial and Lifeco are controlled
                                                                                                      subsidiary and institutional assets under management,
by Power.
                                                                                                      were RMB¥ 32.8 billion and RMB¥ 192.7 billion for the




                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                                                                      three months and year ended December 31, 2025,
                                                                                                      respectively (net flows obtained from Wind Information
At December 31, 2025, the Company held a 27.8%                                                        Co., Ltd.).
equity interest in ChinaAMC. The change in Other
comprehensive income of negative $11.3 million in the                                                 Rockefeller Capital Management
twelve months ended December 31, 2025, was due to
                                                                                                      At December 31, 2025, the Company held a
a 0.6% depreciation of the Chinese yuan relative to the
                                                                                                      17.2% equity interest in Rockefeller, compared to
Canadian dollar.
                                                                                                      20.5% at December 31, 2024. The change in Other
ChinaAMC’s total assets under management, excluding                                                   comprehensive income of negative $58.6 million in the
subsidiary assets under management, were RMB¥                                                         twelve months ended December 31, 2025, was due
3,014.5 billion ($591.4 billion) at December 31, 2025,

                                                                    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                        65
                                     P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                                             C  49
                              to a 4.9% depreciation of the US dollar relative to the         in Northleaf beginning in the fourth quarter of 2025,
                              Canadian dollar.                                                and extending into future periods.
                              In December 2025, the Company closed transactions with          The October 2020 acquisition included additional
                              Rockefeller, receiving total proceeds of $394.2 million         consideration payable at the end of five years from
                              comprised primarily of a return of capital, as well as          the transaction date, subject to Northleaf achieving
                              an equity sale. The Company’s interest decreased to             exceptional growth in certain performance measures
                              17.2% due to the equity sale and adjustment to certain          over the period. During the fourth quarter of 2025, final
                              previously issued share-based awards. As a result, the          consideration of $140.2 million was achieved and paid,
                              investment’s carrying value decreased and a gain was            and is reflected in the carrying value of the Company’s
                              recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.          investment as an addition of $100.2 million and
                              Rockefeller’s client assets were USD $197.7 billion             $40.0 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. The portion
                              ($271.4 billion) at December 31, 2025, representing an          attributable to Non-controlling interest was $20.0 million
                              increase of 30.8% (CAD 24.7%) from USD $151.2 billion           in 2025 (2024 – $8.0 million).
                              ($217.7 billion) at December 31, 2024.                          Northleaf’s assets under management, including invested
                                                                                              capital and uninvested commitments, were $35.0 billion
                              Northleaf Capital Group Ltd.                                    as at December 31, 2025, representing an increase of
                              At December 31, 2025, the Company held a 49.9% voting           $3.0 billion or 9.4% from $32.0 billion at December 31,
                              interest and a 56% economic interest in Northleaf, net of       2024. The increase during the twelve month period
                              Lifeco’s Non-controlling interest.                              was driven by $5.8 billion in new commitments, offset
                                                                                              in part by a decrease of $1.5 billion related to return of
                              Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right               capital and a decrease of $1.3 billion related to foreign
                              to purchase the remaining equity and voting interest            exchange on USD denominated assets.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              66 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  50                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Liquidity and Capital Resources
Liquidity                                                                    Measures), totalled $1,756.5 million for the year ended
                                                                             December 31, 2025, compared to $1,547.3 million for
Cash and cash equivalents totalled $1,274.2 million at
                                                                             2024. EBITDA before sales commissions excludes the
December 31, 2025 compared with $910.3 million at
                                                                             impact of both commissions paid and commission
December 31, 2024.
                                                                             amortization (Table 1).
Client funds on deposit represents cash balances held
                                                                             Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
by clients within their investment accounts and with the
                                                                             amortization after sales commissions (EBITDA
offset included in Client deposits.
                                                                             after sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure (see
Working capital, which consists of current assets less                       Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial
current liabilities, totalled $987.7 million at December 31,                 Measures), totalled $1,628.3 million for the year ended
2025 compared with $605.1 million at December 31,                            December 31, 2025, compared to $1,417.6 million for
2024 (Table 25).                                                             2024. EBITDA after sales commissions excludes the
Working capital, which includes unallocated capital, is                      impact of commission amortization (Table 1).
utilized to:                                                                 Refer to the Financial Instruments Risk section of
• Finance ongoing operations, including the funding of                       this MD&A for information related to other sources
  sales commissions.                                                         of liquidity and to the Company’s exposure to and
• Temporarily finance mortgages in its mortgage                              management of liquidity and funding risk.
  banking operations.
• Pay interest related to long-term debt.                                    Cash Flows
• Maintain liquidity requirements for regulated entities.                    Table 26 – Cash Flows is a summary of the Consolidated
• Pay quarterly dividends on its outstanding common                          Statements of Cash Flows which forms part of the
  shares.                                                                    Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended
                                                                             December 31, 2025. Cash and cash equivalents increased
• Finance common share repurchases and retirement
                                                                             by $363.9 million in 2025 compared to an increase of
  of long-term debt.
                                                                             $365.7 million in 2024.
• Capital investment in the business and business
  acquisitions.                                                              Adjustments to determine net cash from operating
                                                                             activities during the year ended 2025 compared to 2024
IGM Financial continues to generate significant cash                         consist of non-cash operating activities offset by cash
flows from its operations. Earnings before interest, taxes,                  operating activities:
depreciation and amortization before sales commissions
                                                                             • Add-back of amortization of capitalized sales
(EBITDA before sales commissions), a non-IFRS measure
                                                                               commissions offset by the deduction of capitalized
(see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other Financial
                                                                               sales commissions paid.

Table 25: Working Capital
As at December 31 ($ millions)                                                                                            2025            2024
Current assets




                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          $ 1,274.2     $     910.3
 Client funds on deposit                                                                                              4,316.7         3,723.7
 Accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                   451.1           364.7
 Current portion of securitized mortgages and other                                                                   1,331.9         1,307.1
                                                                                                                        7,373.9       6,305.8
Current liabilities
 Accounts and other payables                                                                                              801.4         797.1
 Client deposits                                                                                                        4,299.1       3,702.5
 Current portion of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                    1,285.7       1,201.1
                                                                                                                        6,386.2       5,700.7
Working capital                                                                                                     $     987.7   $    605.1


                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS     67
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           C  51
                              • Add-back of amortization of capital, intangible and           Earnings Before Interest, Taxes,
                                other assets.                                                 Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA)(1)
                              • Deduction of investment in associates’ equity earnings        For the financial year ($ millions)

                                offset by dividends received.                                                                                           1,756          EBITDA before
                                                                                                                                                                       sales commissions
                              • Add-back of pension and other post-employment                       1,547                               1,547
                                benefits offset by cash contributions.                                          1,426       1,427

                              • Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other.
                              • Deduction of restructuring provision cash payments.
                              Financing activities during the year ended December 31,
                              2025 compared to 2024 related to:
                              • An increase in obligations to securitization entities               1,377       1,295      1,310        1,418           1,628
                                                                                                                                                                       EBITDA after
                                                                                                                                                                       sales commissions
                                of $1,442.9 million and repayments of obligations
                                to securitization entities of $1,684.3 million in 2025
                                compared to an increase in obligations to securitization
                                entities of $1,591.8 million and repayments of
                                                                                                    2021        2022        2023        2024            2025
                                obligations to securitization entities of $1,271.9 million
                                in 2024.
                                                                                              EBITDA before and after sales commissions excluded the following:
                              • The issuance of 3,134,535 common shares with                  2021 – additional consideration receivable related to the
                                proceeds of $119.7 million in 2025, compared                         sale of Personal Capital in 2020.
                                to 2,835,500 common shares with proceeds of                   2022 – Lifeco other items
                                $110.2 million in 2024.                                       2023 – the gain on sale of IPC, gain on sale of Lifeco, Lifeco IFRS 17
                                                                                                     adjustment, restructuring and other and Lifeco other items.
                              • The purchase of 5,875,500 common shares in 2025
                                                                                              2024 – Lifeco other items and Rockefeller’s one-time debt
                                under IGM Financial’s normal course issuer bid at a cost
                                                                                                     refinancing costs
                                of $293.8 million, compared to purchase of 3,088,400          2025 – Lifeco other items and gain on partial sales of investment
                                common shares at a cost of $122.5 million in 2024.                   in associates
                              • The payment of regular common share dividends                 (1) A Non-IFRS financial measure – see Non-IFRS Financial Measures and Other
                                which totalled $532.9 million in 2025 compared to                 Financial Measures section of this document.
                                $534.0 million in 2024.
                                                                                              • Increase in loans of $1,974.8 million with repayments of
                              Investing activities during the year ended December 31,
                                                                                                loans and other of $2,178.3 million in 2025 compared
                              2025 compared to 2024 primarily related to:
                                                                                                to $1,582.3 million and $1,218.1 million, respectively,
                              • Purchases of other investments totalling $234.0 million
                                                                                                in 2024, primarily related to residential mortgages in
                                and sales of other investments with proceeds of
                                                                                                the Company’s mortgage banking operations.
                                $146.8 million in 2025 compared to $99.4 million and
                                $108.5 million, respectively, in 2024.


                              Table 26: Cash Flows




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                              Twelve months ended ($ millions)                                                                      Dec. 31              Dec. 31            Change
                              Operating activities
                               Earnings before income taxes                                                                      $ 1,440.9         $ 1,209.6                     19.1 %
                               Income taxes paid                                                                                    (317.0)           (194.2)                   (63.2)
                               Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities                                            (88.9)            77.0                    N/M
                                                                                                                                     1,035.0              1,092.4                 (5.3)
                              Financing activities                                                                                    (972.1)              (252.9)             (284.4)
                              Investing activities                                                                                     301.0               (473.8)               N/M
                              Change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                      363.9                   365.7             (0.5)
                              Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                             910.3                   544.6             67.2
                              Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                             $ 1,274.2         $           910.3             40.0 %


                              68 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  52                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
• Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and                      capital base and a strong balance sheet. Capital of the
  acquisitions and other was $70.9 million in 2025                         Company consists of long-term debt and shareholders’
  compared to $87.3 million in 2024.                                       equity which totalled $11.3 billion at December 31,
• Additional investment in Northleaf in the amount of                      2025, compared to $10.2 billion at December 31, 2024.
  $112.2 million.                                                          The Company regularly assesses its capital management
• Proceeds from return of capital and partial sales                        practices in response to changing economic conditions.
  of investment in associates in the amount of                             The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its
  $416.9 million.                                                          ongoing business operations to support working
                                                                           capital requirements, long-term investments made by
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income                                     the Company, business expansion and other strategic
                                                                           objectives. Subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital
Accumulated other comprehensive income totalled
                                                                           requirements include investment dealer, exempt market
$1.9 billion at December 31, 2025, compared to
                                                                           dealer, portfolio managers, investment fund managers
$1.1 billion at December 31, 2024, as detailed in Table 27.
                                                                           and a trust company. These subsidiaries are required
Other comprehensive income of $841.1 million related to                    to maintain minimum levels of capital based on either
Other investments in 2025 is primarily due to a change in                  working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. The
fair value of Wealthsimple of 77%.                                         Company’s subsidiaries have complied with all regulatory
In 2025, IGM Financial disposed of 75% of its investment                   capital requirements.
in Conquest Planning Inc. for $24.8 million and realized                   The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion
gains in Other investments of $21.8 million ($18.9 million                 at December 31, 2025, unchanged from December 31,
after-tax) which were transferred from Accumulated                         2024. Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which
other comprehensive income to Other retained earnings.                     are senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company
Other comprehensive income for Investment in                               subject to standard covenants, including negative
associates in 2025 was primarily related to foreign                        pledges, but which do not include any specified financial
exchange translation.                                                      or operational covenants.
                                                                           The Company purchased 5,875,500 common shares
Capital Resources                                                          during the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 at
The Company’s capital management objective is to                           a cost of $293.8 million under its Normal Course Issuer
maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that the                       Bid (NCIB) (refer to Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial
Company is capitalized in a manner which appropriately                     Statements).
supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital                  The Company commenced an NCIB on December 23,
needs and business expansion. The Company’s capital                        2025 to purchase for cancellation up to 11.8 million
management practices are focused on preserving the                         of its common shares. The program will be used to
quality of its financial position by maintaining a solid                   mitigate the dilutive effect of stock options issued under


Table 27: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
                                                                                                                  Investment
                                                                                                                           in




                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                     Employee        Other         Associates
($ millions)                                                                          Benefits Investments         and Other              Total
2025
Balance, January 1                                                                     $    34.1    $   917.3       $   118.7      $ 1,070.1
 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                         (11.3)       841.1           (18.5)         811.3
 Disposal of investment in associate                                                           –             –            (2.3)          (2.3)
 Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                        –         (19.1)              –          (19.1)
Balance, December 31                                                                   $   22.8     $ 1,739.3       $    97.9      $ 1,860.0
2024
Balance, January 1                                                                     $   (14.0)   $   394.0       $   (63.7)     $   316.3
 Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                          48.1        523.3           182.4          753.8
Balance, December 31                                                                   $   34.1     $   917.3       $   118.7      $ 1,070.1


                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS        69
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             C  53
                              the Company’s stock option plan and for other capital           Capital
                              management purposes. The Company’s previous NCIB                As at December 31 ($ millions)
                              expired on December 22, 2025 where the Company was
                                                                                                                                                           11,344
                              authorized to purchase for cancellation up to 6 million of
                              its common shares. The original NCIB was amended on                                                                 10,201
                              November 13, 2025 to revise the authorized number of                                                   9,060
                                                                                                                                                           2,400

                              shares for repurchase from 5 million to 6 million.                         8,550
                                                                                                                                                   2,400
                                                                                                                       8,163
                              In connection with its NCIB, the Company has                                                           2,400
                              established an automatic securities purchase plan (ASPP)                   2,100
                                                                                                                       2,100
                              for its common shares. The ASPP provides standard
                              instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common
                              shares are to be purchased under the NCIB during
                              certain pre-determined trading blackout periods,
                              subject to pre-established parameters. Outside of these
                              pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases
                              under the Company’s NCIB will be completed based
                              upon management’s discretion.                                              6,450         6,063         6,660         7,801   8,944

                              Other activities in 2025 included the declaration of
                              common share dividends of $531.5 million or $2.25 per
                              share. Changes in common share capital are reflected in
                              the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.                           2021          2022         2023          2024    2025

                              Standard & Poor’s (S&P) current rating on the Company’s                                      Long-term Debt
                              senior unsecured debentures is “A” with a stable outlook.                                    Shareholders’ Equity
                              Morningstar DBRS current rating on the Company’s
                              senior unsecured debentures is “A (High)” with a stable
                              rating trend.                                                   The A (High) rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior
                                                                                              unsecured debentures by Morningstar DBRS is the
                              Credit ratings are intended to provide investors with
                                                                                              fifth highest of the 22 ratings used for long-term
                              an independent measure of the credit quality of the
                                                                                              debt. Under the Morningstar DBRS long-term rating
                              securities of a company and are indicators of the
                                                                                              scale, debt securities rated A (High) are of good credit
                              likelihood of payment and the capacity of a company to
                                                                                              quality and the capacity for the payment of financial
                              meet its obligations in accordance with the terms of each
                                                                                              obligations is substantial, but of lesser credit quality than
                              obligation. Descriptions of the rating categories for each
                                                                                              AA. Entities in the A (High) category may be vulnerable
                              of the agencies set forth below have been obtained
                                                                                              to future events, but qualifying negative factors are
                              from the respective rating agencies’ websites.
                                                                                              considered manageable.
                              These ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or
                              hold the securities of the Company and do not address
                                                                                              Financial Instruments
                              market price or other factors that might determine
                              suitability of a specific security for a particular investor.   Table 28 presents the carrying amounts and fair values of




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              The ratings also may not reflect the potential impact of all    financial assets and financial liabilities. The table excludes
                              risks on the value of securities and are subject to revision    fair value information for financial assets and financial
                              or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization.           liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying
                                                                                              amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These
                              The A rating assigned to IGM Financial’s senior unsecured
                                                                                              items include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on
                              debentures by S&P is the sixth highest of the 22 ratings
                                                                                              deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other
                              used for long-term debt. This rating indicates S&P’s
                                                                                              financial assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities,
                              view that the Company’s capacity to meet its financial
                                                                                              client deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.
                              commitment on the obligation is strong, but the
                              obligation is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse
                              effects of changes in circumstances and economic
                              conditions than obligations in higher rated categories.


                              70 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  54                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Table 28: Financial Instruments
                                                                                          December 31, 2025            December 31, 2024
                                                                                       Carrying          Fair       Carrying           Fair
($ millions)                                                                              Value        Value           Value         Value
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                           $ 2,412.9     $ 2,412.9       $ 1,350.4     $ 1,350.4
   – FVTPL                                                                                109.2         109.2           118.1         118.1
 Derivative financial instruments                                                          70.0          70.0            36.0          36.0
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
  – Amortized cost                                                                      5,262.1       5,389.7         5,462.4      5,491.9
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                          15.2          15.2            25.7            25.7
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                                 4,815.3       4,916.5         5,024.9      5,098.4
 Long-term debt                                                                         2,400.0       2,441.7         2,400.0      2,485.4




Fair value is determined using the following methods                         • Obligations to securitization entities are valued
and assumptions:                                                               by discounting the expected future cash flows at
• Other investments and other financial assets and                             prevailing market yields for securities issued by
  financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from                    these securitization entities having similar terms
  active markets, when available. When a quoted market                         and characteristics.
  price is not readily available, valuation techniques                       • Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for
  are used that require assumptions related to discount                        each debenture available in the market.
  rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows.                      • Derivative financial instruments are valued based on
  Wherever possible, observable market inputs are used                         quoted market prices, where available, prevailing
  in the valuation techniques.                                                 market rates for instruments with similar characteristics
• Loans classified as held for trading are valued using                        and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.
  market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk                   See Note 24 of the Consolidated Financial Statements
  and maturity, specifically lending rates offered to retail                 which provides additional discussion on the
  borrowers by financial institutions.                                       determination of fair value of financial instruments.
• Loans classified as amortized cost are valued by
                                                                             Although there were changes to both the carrying
  discounting the expected future cash flows at
                                                                             values and fair values of financial instruments, these
  prevailing market yields.
                                                                             changes did not have a material impact on the financial
• Valuation methods used for Other investments
                                                                             condition of the Company for the twelve months ended
  classified as FVTOCI include comparison to market
                                                                             December 31, 2025.
  transactions with arm’s length third parties, use of




                                                                                                                                                PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.




                                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS    71
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  55
                              Risk Management
                              IGM Financial is exposed to a variety of risks that are          • The Human Resource Committee oversees human
                              inherent in our business activities. Our ability to manage         resources and talent practices and policies including
                              these risks is key to our ongoing success. The Company             compensation.
                              emphasizes a strong risk management culture and                  • The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees
                              the implementation of an effective risk management                 corporate governance practices.
                              approach. Our approach coordinates risk management               • The Related Party and Conduct Review Committee
                              across the organization and its business units and seeks           oversees conflicts of interest.
                              to ensure prudent and measured risk-taking in order
                              to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and               Management oversight for risk management resides
                              return. Fundamental to our enterprise risk management            with the Executive Risk Management Committee
                              program is protecting and enhancing our reputation.              which is comprised of the Chief Executive Officers of
                                                                                               IGM Financial, IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie
                                                                                               Investments, the Chief Financial Officer, the General
                              Risk Management Framework
                                                                                               Counsel, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief
                              The Company’s risk management approach is                        Information Officer, the Chief Human Resources Officer,
                              undertaken through our comprehensive Risk                        and the Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Chief
                              Management Framework which is composed of four                   Executive Officer of IGM Financial. The committee
                              core elements: risk governance, risk appetite, a defined         is responsible for oversight of IGM Financial’s risk
                              risk management process, and risk management culture.            management process by: i) establishing and maintaining
                              The Risk Management Framework is approved by the                 the risk framework and policies; ii) defining the risk
                              Board of Directors.                                              appetite; iii) ensuring our risk profile and processes are
                                                                                               aligned with corporate strategy and risk appetite; and
                              Risk Governance                                                  iv) establishing “tone at the top” and reinforcing a strong
                              Our risk governance structure emphasizes ownership of            culture of risk management.
                              risk management in each business unit and oversight by           The Chief Executive Officers of the operating
                              an Executive Risk Management Committee accountable               companies have overall responsibility for overseeing risk
                              to the Risk Committee of the Board (Risk Committee) and          management of their respective companies.
                              ultimately to the Board of Directors. Additional oversight
                                                                                               The Company has assigned responsibility for risk
                              is provided by the Risk, Compliance and Internal
                                                                                               management using the Three Lines of Defence model,
                              Audit functions.
                                                                                               with the First Line reflecting the business units having
                              The Risk Committee provides primary oversight and                primary responsibility for risk management, supported
                              carries out its risk management mandate. The Risk                by Second Line risk management functions and a Third
                              Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in              Line (the Internal Audit function) providing assurance
                              reviewing and overseeing the risk governance structure           and validation of the design and effectiveness of the Risk
                              and risk management program of the Company by:                   Management Framework.
                              i) ensuring that appropriate procedures are in place to
                              identify and manage risks and establish risk appetite,           First Line of Defence
                              ii) ensuring that appropriate policies, procedures               The leaders of the various business units and support




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              and controls are implemented to manage risks, and                functions have primary ownership and accountability
                              iii) reviewing the risk management process on a regular          for the ongoing risk management associated with
                              basis to ensure that it is functioning effectively.              their respective activities. Responsibilities of business
                                                                                               unit and support function leaders include: i) executing
                              Other specific risks are managed with the support of
                                                                                               and maintaining procedures for the identification,
                              the following Board committees:
                                                                                               assessment, documentation and escalation of risks,
                              • The Audit Committee has specific risk oversight                ii) implementing control activities to mitigate risks,
                                responsibilities in relation to financial disclosure,          iii) identifying opportunities for risk reduction or transfer,
                                internal controls and the control environment as well          and iv) aligning business and operational strategies with
                                as our compliance activities, including administration         the risk culture and risk appetite of the organization
                                of the Code of Conduct.


                              72   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  56                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
as established by the Executive Risk Management                            Risk Management Process
Committee.
                                                                           The Company’s risk management process is designed
Second Line of Defence                                                     to foster:
The Risk function, overseen by the Chief Risk Officer,                     • Ongoing assessment of risks and tolerance in a
provides oversight, analysis and reporting to the                            changing operating environment.
Executive Risk Management Committee on the level                           • Appropriate identification and understanding of
of risks relative to the established risk appetite for all                   existing and emerging risks and risk response.
activities of the Company. Other responsibilities include:                 • Timely monitoring and escalation of risks based upon
i) developing and maintaining the risk management                            changing circumstances.
program and framework, ii) managing the risk
                                                                           Significant risks that may adversely affect the Company’s
management process, and iii) providing guidance and
                                                                           ability to achieve its strategic and business objectives
training to business unit and support function leaders.
                                                                           are identified through the Company’s ongoing risk
The Company has a number of committees of senior                           management process.
business leaders which provide oversight of specific
                                                                           We use a consistent methodology across our
business risks, including the Financial Risk Management
                                                                           organizations and business units for identification and
and Operational Risk Management committees. These
                                                                           assessment of risks. Risks are assessed by evaluating the
committees perform critical reviews of risk assessments,
                                                                           impact and likelihood of the potential risk event after
risk management practices and risk response plans
                                                                           consideration of controls and any risk transfer activities.
developed by business units and support functions.
                                                                           The results of these assessments are considered relative
Other oversight accountabilities reside with the                           to risk appetite and may result in action plans to adjust
Company’s Legal and Compliance functions which are                         the risk profile.
responsible for ensuring compliance with policies, laws
                                                                           Risk assessments are monitored and reviewed on an
and regulations.
                                                                           ongoing basis by business units and by oversight areas
Third Line of Defence                                                      including the Risk function. The Risk function promotes
The Internal Audit function is the third line of defence                   and coordinates communication and consultation to
and provides independent assurance to senior                               support effective risk management and escalation.
management and the Board of Directors on the                               The Risk function regularly reports on the results of
effectiveness of the Company’s risk management                             risk assessments and on the assessment process to the
policies, processes and practices.                                         Executive Risk Management Committee and to the
                                                                           Risk Committee.
Risk Appetite
                                                                           Risk Management Culture
The Company’s appetite for different types of risk is
established through the Risk Appetite Framework which                      Risk management is everyone’s responsibility within the
is approved by the Board of Directors. Under the Risk                      organization. The Risk function engages all business units
Appetite Framework, one of four appetite levels is                         in risk workshops to foster awareness and to incorporate
established for each risk type and business activity of                    our risk framework into business activities.
the Company. These appetite levels range from those                        We have an established business planning process
where the Company has no appetite for risk and seeks to




                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                           which reinforces our risk management culture. Our
minimize any losses, to those where the Company readily                    compensation programs are typically objectives-based,
accepts exposure while seeking to ensure that risks are                    do not encourage or reward excessive or inappropriate
well understood and managed. These appetite levels                         risk taking, and often are aligned specifically with risk
guide our business units as they engage in business                        management objectives.
activities, and inform them in establishing policies, limits,
                                                                           Our risk management program emphasizes integrity,
controls and risk transfer activities.
                                                                           ethical practices, responsible management and
The Risk Appetite Framework facilitates the alignment                      measured risk-taking with a long-term view. Our
of business strategy with risk appetite, supports capital                  standards of integrity and ethics are reflected within our
deployment assessments, and supports the identification,                   Code of Conduct which applies to directors, officers
mitigation, and management of risks.                                       and employees.


                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   73
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  57
                              Key Risks of the Business                                        investor confidence could also lead to lower sales, higher
                                                                                               redemption levels and lower AUM&A.
                              Significant risks that may adversely affect our ability to
                              achieve strategic and business objectives are identified         The Company believes that exposure to investment
                              through our ongoing risk management process.                     returns on its client portfolios is beneficial over the long
                                                                                               term to financial results and consistent with stakeholder
                              Risks are identified based on our established
                                                                                               expectations, and therefore does not typically engage in
                              methodology, considering factors both internal and
                                                                                               risk transfer activities such as hedging in relation to these
                              external to the organization. These risks are broadly
                                                                                               exposures.
                              grouped into three categories: financial, operational,
                              and strategic and business.                                      The Company’s exposure to market risk aligns with the
                                                                                               experience of its clients. AUM are broadly diversified
                              1) Financial Risk                                                by asset class, geographic region, industry sector,
                                                                                               investment team and style. The Company regularly
                              This is the risk of financial loss related to AUM&A, liquidity   reviews the sensitivity of its AUM, revenues, earnings
                              and funding risk, credit risk, or market risk.                   and cash flow to changes in financial markets.

                              Risks Related to AUM&A                                           Domestic and foreign equity securities are exposed
                                                                                               to equity price risk which may negatively impact
                              At December 31, 2025, IGM Financial’s AUM&A
                                                                                               AUM&A, revenues and earnings. Equity price risk can
                              were $310.1 billion, compared to $270.4 billion at
                                                                                               be classified into two categories: general equity risk and
                              December 31, 2024. AUM&A Including SI were
                                                                                               issuer-specific risk. The Company’s internal and external
                              $566.2 billion at December 31, 2025, compared to
                                                                                               fund managers reduce exposure to issuer-specific risks
                              $483.5 billion at December 31, 2024.
                                                                                               through diversification.
                              The Company’s primary sources of revenues are advisory
                                                                                               Fixed-income securities are exposed to interest rate risk.
                              fees and asset management fees which are applied as
                                                                                               An increase in interest rates causes market prices of fixed-
                              an annual percentage of the level of AUM&A. AUM&A
                                                                                               income securities to fall while a decrease in interest rates
                              levels are impacted by both net sales and changes in the
                                                                                               causes market prices to rise, thus impacting AUM&A,
                              market.
                                                                                               revenue and earnings.
                              Global markets by their nature are subject to uncertainty
                                                                                               Foreign currency denominated securities are exposed
                              and a variety of risks. Movement in equity market prices,
                                                                                               to foreign exchange risk. A depreciation in foreign
                              foreign exchange rates, real asset values, interest rates/
                                                                                               currency versus the Canadian dollar will cause the
                              credit spreads, or other asset values could cause the
                                                                                               Canadian value of securities to fall while an appreciation
                              Company’s AUM&A, revenue and earnings to decline.
                                                                                               in foreign currency versus the Canadian dollar will cause
                              A general economic downturn, market volatility, client
                                                                                               the Canadian value of securities to rise, thus impacting
                              rebalancing, poor investment performance, or a lack of
                                                                                               AUM&A, revenue and earnings.


                              Table 29: IGM Financial AUM – Asset and Currency Mix
                                                                                                                                               Investment
                              As at December 31, 2025                                                                                               Funds        Total




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Cash                                                                                                                       2.4 %     3.2 %
                              Short-term fixed income and mortgages                                                                                      2.3       2.4
                              Other fixed income                                                                                                        20.9      20.9
                              Domestic equity                                                                                                           21.9      25.5
                              Foreign equity                                                                                                            50.8      46.7
                              Real Property                                                                                                              1.7       1.3
                                                                                                                                                       100.0 %   100.0 %
                              CAD                                                                                                                       47.3 %    52.8 %
                              USD                                                                                                                       35.7      32.1
                              Other                                                                                                                     17.0      15.1
                                                                                                                                                       100.0 %   100.0 %



                              74   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  58                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Liquidity and Funding Risk                                                          including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the CMB
                                                                                    Program. The Company maintains committed capacity
This is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain
                                                                                    within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization
sufficient cash in a timely and cost-effective manner to
                                                                                    trusts. Capacity for sales under the CMB Program consists
meet contractual or anticipated commitments as they
                                                                                    of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of
come due or arise.
                                                                                    principal repayments held in the Principal Reinvestment
Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have                               Accounts. The Company’s continued ability to fund
sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective                             residential mortgages through Canadian bank-sponsored
requirements in both normal and stressed conditions.                                securitization trusts and NHA MBS is dependent on
Our liquidity management practices include:                                         securitization market conditions and government
• Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy                          regulations that are subject to change. A condition of
  near term liquidity needs.                                                        the NHA MBS and CMB Program is that securitized loans
• Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management                             be insured by an insurer that is approved by CMHC. The
  processes.                                                                        availability of mortgage insurance is dependent upon
• Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.                             market conditions and is subject to change.
• Regular assessment of capital market conditions and                               The Company accesses the unsecured long-term debt
  the Company’s ability to access bank and capital                                  markets for corporate purposes, and ensures a well-
  market funding.                                                                   diversified maturity structure to manage associated
• Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term                                 funding risks.
  mortgage funding sources.                                                         The Company’s contractual obligations are reflected in
• Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by an internal                           Table 30.
  Financial Risk Management Committee.                                              The maturity schedule for long-term debt of $2.4 billion
A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor                                 is reflected in the accompanying chart (Long-Term Debt
network compensation paid for the distribution of                                   Maturity Schedule).
financial products and services. This compensation                                  In addition to IGM Financial’s current balance of cash
continues to be paid from operating cash flows.                                     and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through
The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to                                  the Company’s lines of credit. The Company’s lines
fund and temporarily hold mortgages, which include                                  of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered
HELOCs, pending sale or securitization to long-term                                 banks totalled $800 million at December 31, 2025,
funding sources and to manage any derivative collateral                             unchanged from December 31, 2024. The lines of credit
requirements. Through its mortgage banking operations,                              at December 31, 2025 consisted of committed lines of
residential mortgages are sold to third parties including                           $650 million and uncommitted lines of $150 million,
certain mutual funds, institutional investors through                               unchanged from December 31, 2024. Any advances
private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored                                         made by a bank under the uncommitted lines of credit
securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale of National                         are at the bank’s sole discretion. As at December 31, 2025
Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS)                                    and December 31, 2024, the Company was not utilizing




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Table 30: Contractual Obligations
As at December 31, 2025                                                                                 Less than          1–5           After
($ millions)                                                                            Demand             1 Year         Years        5 Years           Total
Derivative financial instruments                                                    $          –    $         6.8    $       8.4   $         –   $      15.2
Client deposits(1)                                                                       4,299.1                –              –             –       4,299.1
Obligations to securitization entities                                                         –          1,278.9        3,532.1           4.3       4,815.3
Leases(2)                                                                                      –             27.6           95.7          95.4         218.7
Long-term debt                                                                                 –                –          525.0       1,875.0       2,400.0
Total contractual obligations                                                       $ 4,299.1       $    1,313.3     $ 4,161.2     $ 1,974.7     $ 11,748.3

(1) Client deposits due on demand are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
(2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.


                                                             IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                75
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                     C  59
                              Long-Term Debt Maturity Schedule
                              ($ millions)




                              its committed lines of credit or its uncommitted lines            regulatory requirements, changes in assumptions and
                              of credit.                                                        management’s ability to change funding policy.
                              The actuarial valuation for funding purposes related to           Management believes cash flows from operations,
                              the Company’s registered defined benefit pension plan,            available cash balances and other sources of liquidity
                              based on a measurement date of December 31, 2024,                 are sufficient to meet the Company’s liquidity needs.
                              was completed during 2025. The valuation determines               The Company continues to have the ability to meet
                              the plan surplus or deficit on both a solvency and                its operational cash flow requirements, its contractual
                              going concern basis. The solvency basis determines the            obligations, and its declared dividends. The current
                              relationship between the plan assets and its liabilities          practice of the Company is to declare and pay dividends
                              assuming that the plan is wound up and settled on the             to common shareholders on a quarterly basis at the
                              valuation date. A going concern valuation compares                discretion of the Board of Directors. The declaration
                              the relationship between the plan assets and the                  of dividends by the Board of Directors is dependent
                              present value of the expected future benefit cash flows,          on a variety of factors, including earnings which are
                              assuming the plan will be maintained indefinitely. Based          significantly influenced by the impact that market risk
                              on the actuarial valuation, the registered pension plan           has on the Company’s fee income and commission and
                              had a solvency surplus of $118.5 million compared                 certain other expenses. The Company’s liquidity position
                              to a surplus of $70.5 million in the previous actuarial           and its management of liquidity and funding risk have
                              valuation, which was based on a measurement date                  not changed materially since December 31, 2024.
                              of December 31, 2022. The improvement in the
                              funded status resulted largely from asset and interest            Credit Risk
                              rate increases. The registered pension plan had a                 This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a
                              going concern surplus of $188.7 million compared to




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                counterparty to a transaction fails to meet its obligations.
                              $127.4 million in the previous valuation. The next actuarial
                              valuation will be based on a measurement date no later            The Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash
                              than December 31, 2027. During the year, the Company              and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage
                              was not required to make any cash contributions (2024             portfolio, and use of over-the-counter derivatives. The
                              – nil). IGM Financial has a contribution holiday and is not       Company monitors its credit risk management practices
                              permitted to make contributions to the pension plan               on an ongoing basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
                              until the next measurement date. Pension contribution             Cash and Cash Equivalents and Client Funds on Deposit
                              decisions are subject to change, as contributions are             At December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents of
                              affected by many factors including market performance,            $1,274.2 million (2024 – $910.3 million) consisted of cash
                                                                                                balances of $676.7 million (2024 – $545.0 million) primarily


                              76    IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                     C  60                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
on deposit with Canadian chartered banks and cash                            timely payment of principal and coupons irrespective
equivalents of $597.5 million (2024 – $365.3 million). Cash                  of whether such payments were received from the
equivalents are comprised of Government of Canada                            mortgage borrower. However, as required by the NHA
treasury bills totalling $0.5 million (2024 – $37.9 million),                MBS program, 100% of the loans are insured by an
provincial government treasury bills and promissory                          approved insurer.
notes of $553.8 million (2024 – $289.5 million), and bank                  • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer
term deposits of $43.2 million (2024 – $37.9 million).                       to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling
The Company manages credit risk related to cash and                          $2.2 billion (2024 – $2.6 billion) is limited to amounts
cash equivalents by adhering to its corporate investment                     held in cash reserve accounts and future net interest
and counterparty credit risk management policies that                        income, the fair values of which were $53.7 million
outline credit risk parameters and concentration limits.                     (2024 – $62.7 million) and $51.4 million (2024 –
The Company regularly reviews the credit ratings of its                      $38.0 million), respectively, at December 31, 2025. Cash
counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on                       reserve accounts are reflected on the balance sheet,
these financial instruments is their carrying value.                         whereas rights to future net interest income are not
                                                                             reflected on the balance sheet and will be recorded
The Company’s exposure to and management of credit
                                                                             over the life of the mortgages.
risk related to cash and cash equivalents and fixed
income securities have not changed materially since                        At December 31, 2025, residential mortgages recorded
December 31, 2024.                                                         on the balance sheet were 52.6% insured (2024 –
                                                                           48.9%). At December 31, 2025, impaired mortgages
IG Wealth Management’s client funds on deposit of
                                                                           on these portfolios were $5.5 million, compared to
$4.3 billion (2024 – $3.7 billion) are held with Schedule
                                                                           $3.5 million at December 31, 2024. Uninsured non-
I chartered banks and approximately 88% of the client
                                                                           performing mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios
deposits were insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance
                                                                           were $3.3 million at December 31, 2025, compared to
Corporation (CDIC) at December 31, 2025.
                                                                           $2.1 million at December 31, 2024.
Mortgage Portfolio                                                         The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk
At December 31, 2025, residential mortgages including                      on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage
HELOCs, recorded on the Company’s balance sheet, of                        and Short-Term Income Fund through an agreement
$5.3 billion (2024 – $5.5 billion) consisted of $4.8 billion               to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances
sold to securitization programs (2024 – $5.1 billion),                     benefiting the funds. These loans are not recorded
$492.9 million held pending sale or securitization (2024 –                 on the Company’s balance sheet as the Company has
$405.7 million) and $9.9 million related to the Company’s                  transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards of
intermediary operations (2024 – $11.2 million).                            ownership associated with these loans.
The Company manages credit risk related to residential                     The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of
mortgages through:                                                         the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for
• Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting                          expected credit losses.
  standards;                                                               The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses
• Its loan servicing capabilities;                                         was $0.7 million at December 31, 2025, compared to
• Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and                     $0.8 million at December 31, 2024, and is considered




                                                                                                                                            PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  mortgage portfolio default insurance held by the                         adequate by management to absorb all credit-related
  Company; and                                                             losses in the mortgage portfolios based on: i) historical
• Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively                    credit performance experience, ii) recent trends in
  through a network of Mortgage Advisors and                               interest rates, iii) current portfolio credit metrics and
  IG Wealth Management advisors as part of a client’s                      other relevant characteristics, iv) our strong financial
  IG Living Plan.                                                          planning relationship with our clients, and v) stress testing
                                                                           of losses under adverse real estate market conditions.
In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the
terms and nature of securitization transactions as                         The Company’s exposure to and management of credit
described below:                                                           risk related to mortgage portfolios have not changed
• Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.6 billion                         materially since December 31, 2024.
  (2024 – $2.5 billion), the Company is obligated to make

                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   77
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  61
                              Derivatives                                                      • The Company has in certain instances funded floating
                              The Company is exposed to credit risk through                      rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage
                              derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk,      Bonds as part of the securitization transactions under
                              to facilitate securitization transactions and to hedge             the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, the
                              market risk related to certain stock-based compensation            Company is party to a swap whereby it is entitled to
                              arrangements. These derivatives are discussed more fully           receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage
                              under the Market Risk section of this MD&A.                        principal and is obligated to pay Canada Mortgage
                                                                                                 Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value of
                              To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a
                                                                                                 negative $4.4 million (December 31, 2024 – negative
                              gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk if its
                                                                                                 $3.6 million) and an outstanding notional amount of
                              counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under these
                                                                                                 $0.2 billion at December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024
                              arrangements.
                                                                                                 – $0.3 billion). The Company enters into interest rate
                              The Company’s derivative activities are managed in                 swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to
                              accordance with its Derivative Policy which includes               hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on floating
                              counterparty limits and other parameters to manage                 rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline. The
                              counterparty risk. The aggregate credit risk exposure              fair value of these swaps totalled negative $0.3 million
                              related to derivatives that are in a gain position of              (December 31, 2024 – negative $4.3 million), on
                              $71.6 million (2024 – $40.4 million) does not give effect          an outstanding notional amount of $1.2 billion at
                              to any netting agreements or collateral arrangements.              December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024 – $1.4 billion).
                              The exposure to credit risk, considering netting                   The net fair value of these swaps of negative
                              agreements and collateral arrangements and including               $4.7 million at December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024
                              rights to future net interest income, was $33.7 million at         – negative $7.9 million) is recorded on the balance
                              December 31, 2025 (2024 – $20.6 million). Counterparties           sheet and has an outstanding notional amount of
                              are all Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a              $1.4 billion (December 31, 2024 – $1.7 billion).
                              result, management has determined that the Company’s             • The Company is exposed to the impact that changes
                              overall credit risk related to derivatives was not significant     in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages
                              at December 31, 2025. Management of credit risk                    committed to or held pending sale or securitization
                              related to derivatives has not changed materially since            to long-term funding sources. The Company enters
                              December 31, 2024.                                                 into interest rate swaps to hedge the interest rate
                              Additional information related to the Company’s                    risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by
                              securitization activities and utilization of derivative            the Company pending sale or securitization. Hedge
                              contracts can be found in Notes 2, 6, 7 and 23 to the              accounting is applied to the cost of funds on certain
                              Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2025             securitization activities. The effective portion of fair
                              IGM Financial Inc. Annual Report.                                  value changes of the associated interest rate swaps are
                                                                                                 initially recognized in Other comprehensive income
                              Market Risk                                                        and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management
                              This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values        revenue over the term of the related Obligations to
                              of the Company’s financial instruments due to changes in           securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps was
                              interest rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.           negative $0.1 million (December 31, 2024 – negative
                                                                                                 $1.1 million) on an outstanding notional amount of




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              Interest Rate Risk                                                 $157.2 million at December 31, 2025 (December 31,
                              IGM Financial is exposed to interest rate risk on its              2024 – $166.0 million).
                              mortgage portfolio and on certain of the derivative              As at December 31, 2025, the impact to annual net
                              financial instruments used in our mortgage banking               earnings of a 100 basis point increase in interest
                              operations.                                                      rates would have been an increase of approximately
                              The Company manages interest rate risk associated with           $0.2 million (December 31, 2024 – increase of
                              its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest        $0.5 million). The Company’s exposure to and
                              rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks              management of interest rate risk have not changed
                              as follows:                                                      materially since December 31, 2024.




                              78   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  62                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Equity Price Risk                                                          Operational risks relating to people and processes
IGM Financial is exposed to equity price risk on our                       are mitigated through policies and process controls.
equity investments which are classified as either FVTOCI                   Oversight of risks and ongoing evaluation of the
or FVTPL, and on our investments in associates, which are                  effectiveness of controls is provided by the Company’s
accounted for using the equity method. The fair value of                   Risk, Compliance, and Internal Audit functions.
other investments was $2.5 billion at December 31, 2025                    The Company’s insurance governance process includes
(December 31, 2024 – $1.5 billion), as shown in Table 22,                  oversight by the Insurance Steering Committee and senior
and the carrying value of investment in associates was                     executives. As part of this process, the nature and extent of
$3.8 billion at December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024 –                     the Company’s insurance is regularly reviewed to ensure
$4.0 billion).                                                             coverage remains appropriate and complies with relevant
The Company sponsors a number of deferred                                  laws, regulations, and contractual agreements.
compensation arrangements where payments to                                The business unit leaders are responsible for
participants are deferred and linked to the performance                    management of the day-to-day operational risks of their
of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. The                             respective business units. Specific programs, policies,
Company hedges its exposure to this risk through the                       training, standards and governance processes have been
use of forward agreements and total return swaps.                          developed to help manage operational risk.
Foreign Exchange Risk
                                                                           Technology and Cyber Risk
IGM Financial is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its
investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to the                     This is the risk of failure or inappropriate usage of
carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange rates                    information and technology that enables business
are recognized in Other comprehensive income. As at                        operations and strategies which may result in business
December 31, 2025, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in                     disruption and missed opportunities.
Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would                     Technology underpins our business operations and the
decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of                        client, employee and advisor experience. As a result,
foreign investments by approximately $120.0 million                        we are exposed to cybersecurity risks such as identity
($132.7 million).                                                          theft, compromise of technology systems and malicious
The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and                        software attacks. Globally, the volume of these activities
Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share                    has increased and could compromise confidential
of associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of                  information of the Company and its clients or other
Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange                  stakeholders and result in other negative consequences
rates. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the impact                    including lost revenue, litigation, regulatory scrutiny or
to net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in                     reputational damage. Our technology risk management
Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies would                     policy provides a framework for managing technology
decrease (increase) the Company’s proportionate share                      risk, alongside enterprise-wide cybersecurity programs,
of associates’ earnings by approximately $6.6 million                      benchmarking of capabilities to sound industry practices,
($7.3 million).                                                            and threat and vulnerability assessment and response
                                                                           capabilities, which together provide resiliency in
2) Operational Risk                                                        addressing this risk.




                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
This is the risk of financial loss, reputational damage or                 Third Party Risk
regulatory actions resulting from inadequate or failed
                                                                           This is the risk that exists due to the use of external parties
internal processes or systems, human interaction or
                                                                           to assist or wholly perform activities necessary to the
external events.
                                                                           operations and strategy of the business.
We are exposed to a broad range of operational risks,
                                                                           We regularly engage third parties to provide expertise
including information security and system failures, errors
                                                                           and efficiencies that support our operational activities.
relating to transaction processing, financial models
                                                                           Our exposure to third party risk could include
and valuations, failure of key third parties, fraud and
                                                                           reputational, regulatory and other operational risks.
misappropriation of assets, and inadequate application
                                                                           Policies, standard operating procedures and dedicated
of internal control processes.
                                                                           resources, including third party risk management,


                                                      IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   79
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  63
                              procurement and contract policies, have been                    Company in the markets in which it operates. Regulatory
                              developed and implemented to specifically address               standards affecting the Company and the financial
                              third party risk. We perform due diligence and                  services industry are significant and continually evolve.
                              monitoring activities before entering into contractual          The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to reviews
                              relationships with third parties and on an ongoing basis.       as part of the normal ongoing process of oversight by
                              As our reliance on third parties continues to grow, we          the various regulators.
                              continue to enhance resources and processes to support          Failure to comply with laws, rules or regulations could
                              third party risk management.                                    lead to regulatory sanctions and civil liability, and may
                                                                                              have an adverse reputational or financial effect on the
                              Model Risk                                                      Company. The Company manages legal and regulatory
                              This is the risk of financial loss or reputational harm         risk through its efforts to promote a strong culture of
                              resulting from conclusions and decisions based on               compliance. The monitoring of regulatory developments
                              incorrect or misused models.                                    and their impact on the Company is overseen by the
                              We use a variety of models to assist in: the valuation          Regulatory Initiatives Committee chaired by the General
                              of financial instruments, operational scenario testing,         Counsel. The Company also continues to develop and
                              management of cash flows, capital management, and               maintain compliance policies, processes and oversight,
                              assessment of potential acquisitions. These models              including specific communications on compliance and
                              incorporate internal assumptions, observable market             legal matters, training, testing, monitoring and reporting.
                              inputs and available market prices. Effective controls exist    The Audit Committee of the Board receives regular
                              over the development, implementation and application            reporting on compliance initiatives and issues.
                              of these models. However, changes in the internal               The Company promotes a strong culture of ethics and
                              assumptions or other factors affecting the models could         integrity through its Code of Conduct approved by the
                              have an adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated            Board of Directors, which outlines standards of conduct
                              financial position and reputation.                              that apply to all IGM Financial directors, officers and
                                                                                              employees. The Code of Conduct references many
                              Legal and Regulatory Risk                                       policies relating to the conduct of directors, officers and
                              This is the risk of not complying with laws, contractual        employees. Other corporate policies cover anti-money
                              agreements or regulatory requirements. These risks              laundering and privacy. Training is provided on these
                              relate to regulation governing product distribution,            policies on an annual basis. Individuals subject to the
                              investment management, accounting, reporting and                Code of Conduct attest annually that they understand
                              communications.                                                 the requirements and have complied with its provisions.

                              The Company is subject to complex and changing                  Privacy Risk
                              legal, taxation and regulatory requirements, including
                              the requirements of agencies of the federal, provincial         Privacy risk is the potential for access to, collection, use,
                              and territorial governments in Canada which regulate            transfer, disclosure and retention of personal information
                              the Company and its activities and including changes in         in contravention of applicable laws, regulations and/
                              foreign jurisdictions in which the Company or companies         or ethical standards. We collect only the personal
                              it invests in have operations. The Company and its              information that is necessary to provide our products and
                              subsidiaries are also subject to the requirements of a          services to clients, and where we have consent to do so.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              self-regulatory organization, the Canadian Investment           If we need to share personal information with third
                              Regulatory Organization (CIRO). These and other                 parties, we remain responsible for that information
                              regulatory bodies regularly adopt new laws, rules,              and protect it through contractual and other measures
                              regulations and policies that apply to the Company and          that commit the service providers to maintain levels of
                              its subsidiaries. These requirements include those that         protection comparable to ours.
                              apply to IGM Financial as a publicly traded company and
                                                                                              IGM Financial has established an enterprise Privacy
                              those that apply to the Company’s subsidiaries based
                                                                                              Risk Management Framework to manage privacy risk.
                              on the nature of their activities. They include regulations
                                                                                              Our Chief Privacy Officer (CPO) leads and oversees
                              related to the management and provision of financial            our privacy program, partnering with cross-functional
                              products and services, including securities, insurance
                                                                                              teams to develop and implement enterprise-wide
                              and mortgages, and other activities carried on by the

                              80 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  64                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
policies, standards and controls regarding the handling                     We have an Inclusion Strategy with the purpose of
and safeguarding of personal information. Ultimately                        fostering a culture that connects us to each other and
reporting to the CPO, the enterprise privacy team works                     allows us to do our best for our people, our clients and
with front-line business units to address privacy matters.                  our communities. To achieve the desired outcomes, we
Employees and advisors are required to complete                             focus on three pillars of action:
mandatory privacy training at onboarding, and annually                      • Workplace experience: we foster a workplace where
thereafter. The training includes our privacy obligations,                     people feel respected, supported and able to
privacy best practices, and how to prevent, handle                             contribute fully.
and report privacy breaches, complaints and access to                       • Talent and leadership: we attract, develop and
information requests.                                                          advance talent through transparent and consistent
                                                                               programs based on skills and capabilities.
Contingencies                                                               • Clients and communities: we reflect and respect the
The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the                        communities we serve.
normal course of its business. In December 2018, a                          We also have a Wellness Strategy to support our
proposed class action was filed in the Ontario Superior                     employees’ wellbeing with a goal to ensure our
Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation                               employees are physically thriving, emotionally balanced,
(Mackenzie) which alleges that the company should not                       socially connected and financially secure.
have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order
execution only dealers. This action was certified in                        Business Continuity Management
January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class
                                                                            This is the risk that the organization cannot effectively
action concerning the same subject matter was filed
                                                                            recover and maintain critical business processes in the
against Mackenzie.
                                                                            event of a disruption (internal, third-party, physical
In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one                         or natural circumstances) or respond to a crisis or
of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they                     emergency event.
were compromised due to a cybersecurity incident
                                                                            A business continuity management program ensures the
related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM,
                                                                            Company’s critical processes function in the event of a
GoAnywhere. The Company has notified impacted
                                                                            business disruption.
clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost to all
clients. Four proposed class actions have been filed                        The Company’s crisis response plan outlines policies and
against Mackenzie concerning this incident, one of which                    procedures to address situations that could significantly
was certified in the fourth quarter of 2025.                                impact the organization’s reputation, brands or business
                                                                            operations. A crisis assessment team comprised of
Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such
                                                                            senior leadership is responsible for setting strategy,
legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
                                                                            overseeing response and ensuring appropriate subject
does not expect the outcome of any of these matters,
                                                                            matter experts are engaged in scenario-dependent crisis
individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse
                                                                            response teams.
effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position.
                                                                            On a regular basis, the Company tests business continuity
People Risk                                                                 and disaster recovery plans as well as conducting crisis
                                                                            simulation exercises.




                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
This risk refers to the potential inability to: attract or retain
employees or Wealth Management advisors; have an
inclusive workforce; provide development opportunities                      3) Strategic and Business Risk
to achieve current and future business objectives;                          This is the risk of potential adverse impacts resulting from
support employee wellbeing and engagement; and                              factors in the external environment or related to the
sustain ongoing personnel or business succession and/or                     strategy or specific business activities of the Company.
transition plans.
We manage this risk through competitive compensation                        General Business Conditions
and benefit offerings, training and development                             This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts
programs, and periodic employee and advisor surveys.                        on IGM Financial resulting from competitive or other
                                                                            external factors relating to the marketplace.


                                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   81
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  65
                              Global economic conditions, changes in financial                 that sound corporate governance is essential to the
                              markets, as well as inflation, could impact the labour and       well-being of the Company and our shareholders.
                              housing market and could potentially have a broader              Oversight of IGM Financial is performed by the Board
                              effect on investor confidence, income levels and savings.        of Directors directly and through its five committees.
                              In addition, geopolitical risk, ongoing trade tensions,          The Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer
                              including tariffs (and the threat of increased tariffs)          has overall responsibility for management of the
                              and other governmental actions (including retaliatory            Company. The Company’s activities are carried out
                              measures), and other factors can influence inflation,            principally by two operating companies – IGWM Inc.
                              interest rates, global economic growth, and business             (formerly Investors Group Inc.) and Mackenzie Financial
                              conditions in markets in which the Company operates.             Corporation – each of which are managed by a President
                              Global markets are currently exposed to the heightened           and Chief Executive Officer. The Company also has a
                              economic uncertainty related to tariffs and counter-             strategy execution oversight function and committee that
                              tariffs introduced by several countries. These conditions        reviews and approves strategic initiative business cases
                              could result in reduced sales of IGM Financial’s products        and oversees progress against our strategic priorities
                              and services and/or result in investors redeeming their          and objectives.
                              investments. These factors may also affect the level
                              and volatility of financial markets and the value of the         The President and Chief Executive Officer of the
                              Company’s AUM, as described more fully under the Risks           Company, in collaboration with the Board of Directors, is
                              Related to AUM&A section of this MD&A.                           responsible each year to develop, review and update the
                                                                                               Company’s strategic plan. The strategic plan sets out both
                              To manage this risk, the Company, across its operating           the annual and longer-term objectives for the Company
                              subsidiaries, communicates with clients and underscores          in light of emerging opportunities and risks and with a
                              the importance of financial planning across economic             view to the Company’s sustained profitable growth and
                              cycles. The Company and the industry continue to                 long-term value creation. The Board is responsible for
                              take steps to educate Canadian investors on the merits           approving the Company’s overall business strategy. In
                              of financial planning, diversification and long-term             carrying out this responsibility, the Board reviews the
                              investing. In periods of volatility, Wealth Management           short-, medium- and long-term risks associated with
                              advisors and independent financial advisors play a key           the strategic plan, considers the strengths and potential
                              role in assisting investors in maintaining perspective and       weaknesses of trends and opportunities, and approves
                              focus on their long-term objectives.                             the Company’s annual business, financial and capital
                              Redemption rates for long-term funds are summarized in           management plans. A portion of each Board meeting
                              Table 31 and are discussed in the Wealth Management              is dedicated to discussion of strategic matters including
                              and the Asset Management Segment Operating Results               receiving updates on the progress and implementation
                              sections of this MD&A.                                           of the strategic plan.

                              Strategy Setting                                                 Competitive Risk
                              This is the risk of failing to set or meet appropriate           Product / Service Offering
                              strategic objectives resulting in an impact on business          This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts
                              performance.                                                     on IGM Financial resulting from inadequate product or
                              IGM Financial believes in the importance of good                 service performance, quality or breadth.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              corporate governance and the central role played                 IGM Financial, including its subsidiaries and strategic
                              by directors in the governance process. We believe               investments, operate in a highly competitive
                                                                                               environment, competing with other financial service

                              Table 31: Twelve Month Trailing Redemption Rate for Long-term Funds
                                                                                                                                                         2025        2024
                                                                                                                                                       Dec. 31     Dec. 31
                              IGM Financial Inc.
                               IG Wealth Management                                                                                                       10.7 %      12.6 %
                               Mackenzie                                                                                                                  18.0 %      18.7 %



                              82   IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                                   C  66                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
providers, investment managers and product and                              an adverse effect on IG Wealth Management’s results
service types. Client development and retention                             of operations and business prospects, as well as our
can be influenced by a number of factors, including                         culture and ability to attract key advisors. IG Wealth
investment performance, products and services offered                       Management is focused on strengthening its distribution
by competitors, relative service levels, relative pricing,                  network of advisors and on responding to the complex
product attributes, reputation and actions taken by                         financial needs of its clients by delivering a diverse range
competitors. This competition could have an adverse                         of products and services in the context of personalized
impact upon the Company’s financial position and                            financial advice.
operating results. Please refer to The Competitive                          Mackenzie derives the majority of its mutual fund
Landscape section of this MD&A for further discussion.                      sales through third party financial advisors. Financial
We provide Wealth Management advisors, independent                          advisors generally offer their clients investment products
financial advisors, as well as retail and institutional clients             in addition to, and in competition with Mackenzie.
with a high level of service and support and a broad                        Mackenzie also derives sales of its investment products
range of investment products, with a focus on building                      and services from its strategic alliance and institutional
enduring relationships. The Company’s subsidiaries                          clients. Due to the nature of the distribution relationship
also continually review their respective product and                        in these relationships and the relative size of these
service offering and pricing to ensure competitiveness                      accounts, gross sale and redemption activity can be
in the marketplace.                                                         more pronounced in these accounts than in a retail
We strive to deliver strong investment performance                          relationship. Mackenzie’s ability to market its investment
on our products relative to benchmarks and peers.                           products is highly dependent on continued access to
Poor investment performance relative to benchmarks                          these distribution networks. Lack of access could have a
or peers could reduce the level of AUM and sales                            material adverse effect on Mackenzie’s operating results
and asset retention, as well as adversely impact our                        and business prospects. Mackenzie is well positioned to
brands and reputation. Meaningful and/or sustained                          manage this risk and to continue to build and enhance its
underperformance could affect the Company’s results.                        distribution relationships. Mackenzie’s diverse portfolio
Our objective is to cultivate investment processes                          of financial products and its long-term investment
and disciplines that give us a competitive advantage,                       performance record, marketing, educational and service
and we do this by diversifying our AUM and product                          support has made Mackenzie one of Canada’s leading
shelf by investment team, brand, asset class, mandate,                      investment management companies. These factors are
style and geographic region. Our investment risk                            discussed further in the Asset Management Review of
management policy also contains requirements aimed                          the Business section of this MD&A.
at addressing this risk.
                                                                            Regulatory Development Risk
Business / Client Relationships
                                                                            This is the potential for changes to regulatory, legal, or
This risk refers to the potential for unfavourable impacts                  tax requirements that may have an adverse impact on the
on IGM Financial resulting from changes to key business                     Company’s business activities or financial results.
or client relationships. These relationships primarily
include IG Wealth Management clients and advisors,                          We are exposed to the risk of changes in laws, taxation
Mackenzie retail distribution, strategic and significant                    and regulation that could have an adverse impact on
business partners, clients of Mackenzie funds, and                          the Company, including changes in foreign jurisdictions




                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
sub-advisors and other product suppliers.                                   in which the Company or companies it invests in have
                                                                            operations. Particular regulatory initiatives may have
IG Wealth Management derives all of its investment fund                     the effect of making the products of the Company’s
sales, insurance sales, and mortgage and banking sales                      subsidiaries appear to be less competitive than the
through its advisor network. IG Wealth Management                           products of other financial service providers, to third
advisors have regular direct contact with clients which                     party distribution channels and to clients. Regulatory
can lead to a strong and personal client relationship                       differences that may impact the competitiveness of
based on the client’s confidence in that individual                         the Company’s products include regulatory costs, tax
advisor. The market for advisors is extremely competitive.                  treatment, disclosure requirements, transaction processes
The loss of a significant number of key advisors could                      or other differences that may be as a result of differing
lead to the loss of client accounts which could have                        regulation or application of regulation. Regulatory


                                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   83
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  67
                              developments may also impact product structures,                regulatory compliance. We recognize that environmental
                              pricing, and dealer and advisor compensation. While             and social (E&S) risks can be within our operations or
                              the Company and its subsidiaries actively monitor such          impact stakeholders along our supply chain, including
                              initiatives, and where feasible comment upon or discuss         clients, investee companies and suppliers over a range
                              them with regulators, the ability of the Company and            of timeframes. E&S risks are integrated into our broader
                              its subsidiaries to mitigate the imposition of differential     enterprise risk management framework.
                              regulatory treatment of financial products or services          The regulatory landscape for sustainability and climate-
                              is limited.                                                     related matters is rapidly evolving. In December 2024,
                              The Company continuously monitors regulatory                    the Canadian Sustainability Standards Board (CSSB)
                              developments, guidance and communications.                      released its final voluntary Canadian Sustainability
                                                                                              Disclosure Standards, mostly aligned to those of the
                              Acquisition Risk                                                International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB). In April
                              This risk refers to the potential that desired objectives       2025, the Canadian Securities Administrators announced
                              are not attained from the Company’s acquisitions                it was pausing its work related to mandatory climate-
                              and strategic investments. The Company undertakes               related disclosure rules, while also highlighting that
                              thorough due diligence prior to completing an                   existing legislation already requires issuers to disclose
                              acquisition, but there is no assurance that the Company         material climate-related risks. We continue to monitor
                              will achieve the expected strategic objectives or cost          and enhance our governance, risk management and
                              and revenue synergies subsequent to an acquisition.             disclosure practices in line with these developments.
                              Subsequent changes in the economic environment and              Given the diverse perspectives of our stakeholders and
                              other unanticipated factors may affect the Company’s            communities on E&S issues, our actions or inactions in
                              ability to achieve expected earnings growth or                  managing these matters may be viewed unfavourably by
                              expense reductions. The success of an acquisition and           some. This could potentially elevate our E&S risks.
                              of the Company’s strategic investments is dependent             Environmental risks include issues such as climate
                              on retaining AUM, clients, and key employees of an              change, biodiversity loss, pollution, waste, and the
                              acquired company.                                               unsustainable use of energy, water and other resources.
                                                                                              Social risks include issues such as human rights
                              Natural or Human Caused Disasters                               violations; inadequate labour standards; and insufficient
                              This is the risk that events such as earthquakes, floods,       considerations for inclusion; Indigenous reconciliation;
                              fire, tornadoes, pandemics, or terrorism could adversely        and community impacts.
                              affect the Company’s financial performance.
                                                                                              IG Wealth Management and Mackenzie Investments,
                              Catastrophic events can cause economic uncertainty,             and their investment sub-advisors, are signatories to
                              affect investor confidence, income levels and financial         the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI). Under
                              planning decisions. This could affect the level and             the PRI, investors formally commit to incorporate
                              volatility of financial markets and the level of the            environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues into
                              Company’s AUM&A. The Company has an insurance                   their investment decision making and active ownership
                              review process where it assesses and determines the             processes. In addition, our operating companies have
                              nature and extent of insurance that is appropriate to           implemented Sustainable Investment Policies outlining
                              provide adequate protection against unexpected losses,          the practices at each company.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              and where it is required by law, regulators or contractual
                                                                                              IGM Financial reports annually on sustainability
                              agreements.
                                                                                              management and performance in its Sustainability
                                                                                              Report and is a long-standing participant in the CDP
                              Environmental and Social Risk
                                                                                              (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), both available
                              This is the potential for financial loss or other               on our website. These disclosures are informed by
                              unfavourable impacts resulting from the Company’s               internationally recognized standards and frameworks
                              inability to manage or respond to changing                      such as the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
                              environmental or social issues connected to our                 Disclosures (TCFD), The Sustainability Accounting
                              business operations, investment activities, meeting             Standards Board (SASB), and the Global Reporting
                              our sustainability commitments, and increasingly for            Initiative (GRI).


                              84 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  68                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Governance                                                                As such, IGM Financial’s updated Sustainability Strategy
Our Board is responsible for providing oversight on risk                  highlights Action on Climate as one of the 3 focus areas.
and strategy, which includes sustainability and climate-                  Through IGM Financial’s wealth and asset management
related matters. The Board meets with management at                       businesses, this strategy focuses on providing clients
least annually to discuss plans and emerging ESG issues.                  with product options that focus on investing in long-term
                                                                          climate solutions to support a low carbon future.
Through its Risk Committee, the Board is responsible
for ensuring that material ESG and climate-related risks                  Our operating companies are participants in
are appropriately identified, managed and monitored.                      collaborative industry groups that support our climate
Its responsibilities include ensuring that appropriate                    commitments by engaging companies on improving
procedures are in place to identify and manage E&S risks                  climate change governance, reducing emissions and
and establish risk tolerances; ensuring that appropriate                  strengthening climate-related financial disclosures.
policies, procedures and controls are implemented                         At Mackenzie Investments, sustainable investing is an
to manage risks; and reviewing the risk management                        area of strategic emphasis, and we have established a
process on a regular basis to confirm that it is functioning              dedicated team within Mackenzie’s Sustainability COE
effectively.                                                              who bring focus to material ESG and climate risks and
Senior management at each of our operating companies                      opportunities within asset management. Mackenzie
have primary ownership and accountability for the                         has expanded its suite of funds investing to directly
ongoing E&S risk and opportunity management                               support the transition to a low-carbon economy through
associated with their respective activities. The Company’s                its acquisition of Greenchip, an investment boutique
Executive Risk Management Committee is responsible                        exclusively focused on the opportunities created by the
for oversight of the risk management process, including                   energy transition; the launch of the Betterworld equity
E&S risks. The Executive Sustainability Committee                         team in 2021, that invests in companies making a positive
is responsible for ensuring central management                            impact on the people and the planet; as well as fixed
governance for sustainability across IGM, including policy                income funds prioritizing sustainability and ESG-labelled
and strategy, goals and targets, measuring progress,                      debt, including green bonds.
and reviewing public reports and disclosures. Our Chief                   Mackenzie uses tools to assess emissions and other
Risk Officer oversees implementation of the Corporate                     climate-related information at the investee company,
Sustainability and Risk Management programs, reporting                    asset class and portfolio levels.
into the President and Chief Executive Officer. The Chief
                                                                          IG Wealth Management has integrated environmental
Financial Officer is responsible for financial reporting
                                                                          and climate issues into its sub-advisory selection
including oversight for any future sustainability-related
                                                                          and oversight processes, and product development
financial disclosures.
                                                                          strategy. In 2021, IG Wealth Management launched
Other management committees and working groups also                       its Climate Action Portfolios, a suite of four diversified
oversee E&S-related governance across the Company.                        managed solutions which aim to provide clients with
Climate                                                                   the opportunity to support and benefit from the global
Strategy                                                                  transition to a low carbon global economy.
Climate-related risks and opportunities are identified                    Risk Management
and assessed within IGM Financial through our business                    Climate risk is captured under strategic and business




                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
planning processes which define our strategic priorities,                 risks, but we recognize the relationship of climate risk
initiatives and budgets.                                                  to other risks.
We are focused on meeting growing demand for                              Our climate risks relate primarily to the potential for
sustainable investing and the opportunity to invest in                    physical or transition risks to: negatively affect the
the transition to a low carbon economy. Additionally,                     performance of our clients’ investments, resulting in
through Mackenzie’s Sustainability Centre of Excellence                   reduced fee revenue; harm our reputation; create
(COE), we continue to focus on educating and                              market risks through shifts in product demand; or lead
communicating with clients and advisors on the risks and                  to new regulatory, legal or disclosure requirements
opportunities associated with sustainable investing and                   that could affect our business. Diversification across
the energy transition.                                                    portfolios helps manage exposure to climate-sensitive


                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   85
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  69
                              sectors or geographies. We are also exposed to physical          At Mackenzie, engagement is undertaken through
                              risks such as the impact of extreme weather events               direct conversations between portfolio managers
                              on our corporate properties, and on the valuations of            and companies/issuers; firm-wide engagements; and
                              investment properties and client mortgages, which                through collaborations with other investment firms
                              if not addressed proactively, could affect financial             on initiatives where communication together gives us
                              performance and the ability to use the assets long-term.         greater influence. IG Wealth Management monitors
                              We provide data and tools for our investment teams               sub-advisor practices as part of regular due diligence
                              to carry out current and forward-looking climate                 and oversight.
                              analysis and we integrate material climate risks into our        Mackenzie Investments is a founding participant in
                              investment and oversight processes for investment                Climate Engagement Canada and participates in CERES’
                              management sub-advisors. As part of the hiring process           Investor Network on Climate Risk. Both Mackenzie and
                              and ongoing assessment of sub-advisors, our teams                IG Wealth Management joined Climate Action 100+ and
                              request information about how ESG, including climate             became founding signatories to the Canadian Investor
                              risks and opportunities, is resourced, what processes            Statement on Climate Change.
                              and tools are used, and how strategy and governance
                                                                                               Metrics and Targets
                              are influenced. As we continue to develop our climate-
                              related financial disclosures, we are devoting increased         We set, monitor and report on climate change-related
                              resources to areas such as training, analysis, metrics,          metrics and targets annually in our CDP response, our
                              target-setting, strategy planning and working with               IGM Sustainability Report and our Mackenzie Investments
                              collaborative organizations.                                     Sustainable Investing report which are available on our
                                                                                               websites. At Mackenzie, each boutique investment team
                              At Mackenzie Investments, each boutique investment               is responsible for integrating material ESG factors into its
                              team is responsible for determining when and how                 investment process, including determining appropriate
                              climate transition and physical risks are material, and for      GHG emissions and other metrics to assess climate-
                              incorporating these risks into their investment process.         related risks and opportunities in investment strategies.
                              We have focused on developing resources and tools                The teams have access to ESG data tools and metrics to
                              to assess climate-related risks and opportunities for our        support their assessment.
                              Mackenzie managed equity portfolios. Through these
                              tools we can assess historical greenhouse gas emissions          We currently report Scopes 1, 2 and certain Scope 3
                              data and portfolio temperature alignment to identify             GHG emissions, including a portion of our investment
                              the highest emitters and inform engagement activities            emissions and weighted average carbon intensity. As
                              with companies facing transition risks. At IG Wealth             tools and data improve, we continue to enhance our
                              Management, management evaluates the sustainable                 emissions measurement and reporting. Reported metrics
                              investing practices of investment manager sub-advisors,          may be subject to estimation uncertainty and change as
                              including the integration of climate risks into their            methodologies and inputs are refined.
                              investment and active ownership practice.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              The Financial Services Environment
                              Canadians held $7.5 trillion in discretionary financial assets   serving the longer-term savings needs of Canadians.
                              with financial institutions at December 31, 2024 based           Of the $2.8 trillion held outside of a financial advisory
                              on the most recent report from Investor Economics. The           relationship, approximately 50% consisted of
                              nature of holdings was diverse, ranging from demand              bank deposits.
                              deposits held for short-term cash management purposes            Financial advisors represent the primary distribution
                              to longer-term investments held for retirement purposes.         channel for IGM Financial’s products and services, and
                              Approximately 62% ($4.7 trillion) of these financial             the core emphasis of our business model is to support
                              assets are held within the context of a relationship             these financial advisors as they work with clients to plan
                              with a financial advisor, and this is the primary channel        for and achieve their financial goals. Multiple sources

                              86 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  70                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
of research show significantly better financial outcomes                  mutual fund assets and 73% of total mutual fund
for Canadians who use financial advisors compared to                      AUM at December 31, 2025. We anticipate continuing
those who do not. We actively promote the value of                        consolidation in this segment of the industry as smaller
financial advice and the importance of a relationship with                participants are acquired by larger organizations.
an advisor to develop and remain focused on long-term                     We believe that the financial services industry will
financial plans and goals.                                                continue to be influenced by the following trends:
Approximately 36% of Canadian discretionary financial                     • Shifting demographics as the number of Canadians
assets or $2.7 trillion resided in investment funds at                      in their prime savings and retirement years continues
December 31, 2024, making it the largest financial asset                    to increase.
class held by Canadians. Other asset types include                        • Changes in investor attitudes based on economic
deposit products and direct securities such as stocks                       conditions.
and bonds. Approximately 71% of investment funds
                                                                          • Continued importance of the role of the financial
are comprised of mutual fund products, with other
                                                                            advisor.
product categories including segregated funds, hedge
                                                                          • Public policy related to retirement savings.
funds, pooled funds, closed end funds and exchange
traded funds. With $217 billion in investment fund                        • Changes in the regulatory environment.
AUM at December 31, 2025, IGM Financial is among                          • A highly competitive landscape.
the country’s largest investment fund managers. We                        • Advancing and changing technology.
believe that investment funds are likely to remain the
preferred savings vehicle of Canadians. They offer the                    The Competitive Landscape
benefits of diversification, professional management,
flexibility and convenience, and are available in a broad                 IGM Financial’s Wealth Management segment competes
range of mandates and structures to meet most investor                    directly with other retail financial service providers in the
requirements and preferences.                                             advice segment, including other financial planning firms,
                                                                          as well as full service brokerages, banks and insurance
Traditional distinctions between bank branches,                           companies. Its Asset Management segment competes
full-service brokerages, financial planning firms and                     directly with other investment managers for AUM. Our
insurance agent sales forces have become obscured                         products compete with stocks, bonds and other asset
as many of these financial service providers strive to                    classes for a share of clients’ investment assets.
offer comprehensive financial advice implemented
through access to a broad product shelf. Accordingly,                     Competition from other financial service providers,
the Canadian financial services industry is characterized                 alternative product types or delivery channels, and
by a number of large, diversified, vertically-integrated                  changes in regulations or public preferences could
participants, similar to IGM Financial, that offer both                   impact the characteristics of our product and service
financial planning and investment management services.                    offerings, including pricing, product structures, dealer
                                                                          and advisor compensation and disclosure. We monitor
Canadian banks distribute financial products and                          developments on an ongoing basis, and engage in
services through their traditional bank branches, as well                 policy discussions and develop product and service
as through their full service and discount brokerage                      responses as appropriate.
subsidiaries. Bank branches continue to place increased
emphasis on both financial planning and mutual funds.                     IGM Financial continues to focus on our commitment




                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
In addition, each of the “big six” banks has one or more                  to provide quality investment advice and financial
mutual fund management subsidiaries. Collectively,                        products, service innovations, effective and responsible
mutual fund assets of the “big six” bank-owned mutual                     management of the Company and long-term value
fund managers and affiliated firms represented 48%                        for our clients and shareholders. This includes efforts
of total industry long-term mutual fund assets at                         to modernize our digital platforms and technology
December 31, 2025.                                                        infrastructure to enhance operations, achieve
                                                                          efficiencies and improve the service experience for our
The Canadian mutual fund industry continues to be                         clients. We believe that IGM Financial is well-positioned
very concentrated, with the 10 largest firms and their                    to meet competitive challenges and capitalize on future
subsidiaries representing 73% of industry long-term                       growth opportunities.



                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   87
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  71
                              Our competitive strength includes:                              Broad Product Capabilities
                              • Broad and diversified distribution through more               Our subsidiaries continue to develop and launch
                                than 35,000 financial advisors, with an emphasis on           innovative products and strategic investment planning
                                comprehensive financial planning.                             tools to assist advisors in building optimized portfolios
                              • Broad product capabilities, leading brands and quality        for clients.
                                sub-advisory relationships.
                              • Enduring client relationships and the long-standing           Enduring Client Relationships
                                heritages and cultures of its subsidiaries.                   IGM Financial enjoys significant advantages as a result of
                              • Benefits of being part of the Power Corporation group         the enduring relationships that advisors have developed
                                of companies.                                                 with clients. In addition, our subsidiaries have strong
                                                                                              heritages and cultures which are challenging for
                              Broad and Diversified Distribution                              competitors to replicate.
                              In addition to owning one of Canada’s largest financial
                              planning organizations, IG Wealth Management, IGM               Part of the Power Corporation Group of Companies
                              Financial has, through Mackenzie, access to distribution        As part of the Power Corporation group of companies,
                              through over 30,000 independent financial advisors.             IGM Financial benefits through expense savings from
                              Mackenzie also, in its growing strategic alliance business,     shared service arrangements, as well as through access
                              partners with global manufacturing and distribution             to distribution, products and capital.
                              entities to provide investment management services.




                              Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies
                              Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates                          for loans, deposits and certificates, obligations to
                                                                                                securitization entities, and long-term debt which are
                              The preparation of financial statements in accordance
                                                                                                all carried at amortized cost. The fair value of publicly
                              with IFRS requires management to exercise judgment in
                                                                                                traded financial instruments is determined using
                              the process of applying accounting policies and requires
                                                                                                published market prices. The fair value of financial
                              management to make estimates and assumptions that
                                                                                                instruments where published market prices are
                              affect amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial
                                                                                                not available, including corporate investments and
                              Statements and accompanying notes. In applying these
                                                                                                derivatives related to the Company’s securitized loans,
                              policies, management makes subjective and complex
                                                                                                are determined using various valuation models which
                              judgments that frequently require estimates about
                                                                                                maximize the use of observable market inputs where
                              matters that are inherently uncertain. Many of these
                                                                                                available. Valuation methodologies and assumptions
                              policies are common in the financial services industry;
                                                                                                used in valuation models are reviewed on an ongoing
                              others are specific to IGM Financial’s businesses and
                                                                                                basis. Changes in these assumptions or valuation
                              operations. IGM Financial’s significant accounting policies
                                                                                                methodologies could result in significant changes in
                              are described in detail in Note 2 of the Consolidated




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                net earnings.
                              Financial Statements.
                                                                                              • Goodwill and intangible assets – Goodwill, indefinite
                              Critical accounting estimates relate to the fair value of         life intangible assets, and definite life intangible
                              financial instruments, goodwill and intangibles, income           assets are reflected in Note 12 of the Consolidated
                              taxes, capitalized sales commissions, provisions and              Financial Statements. The Company tests the fair value
                              employee benefits.                                                of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets for
                              The major critical accounting estimates are summarized            impairment at least once a year and more frequently
                              below:                                                            if an event or circumstance indicates the asset may
                              • Fair value of financial instruments – The Company’s             be impaired. An impairment loss is recognized if the
                                financial instruments are carried at fair value, except         amount of the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
                                                                                                recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the

                              88 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  72                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
  higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal                    • Capitalized sales commissions – Commissions paid
  and its value in use. For the purposes of assessing                         directly by the client based upon the level of new
  impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels                         assets contributed to client accounts at IG Wealth
  for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows                    Management are deferred and amortized over a
  (cash generating units). Finite life intangible assets are                  maximum period of seven years. The Company
  tested for impairment whenever events or changes in                         regularly reviews the carrying value of capitalized
  circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may                        sales commissions with respect to any events or
  not be recoverable.                                                         circumstances that indicate impairment. Among
  These tests involve the use of estimates and assumptions                    the tests performed by the Company to assess
  appropriate in the circumstances. In assessing the                          recoverability is the comparison of the future economic
  recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are                               benefits derived from the capitalized sales commission
  used that include discounted cash flow analysis and                         asset in relation to its carrying value. At December 31,
  application of capitalization multiples to financial and                    2025, there were no indications of impairment to
  operating metrics based upon precedent acquisition                          capitalized sales commissions.
  transactions and trading comparables. Assumptions                         • Provisions – A provision is recognized when there is
  and estimates employed include future changes in                            a present obligation as a result of a past transaction
  AUM resulting from net sales and investment returns,                        or event, it is “probable” that an outflow of resources
  pricing and profit margin changes, discount rates, and                      will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable
  capitalization multiples.                                                   estimate can be made of the obligation. In determining
  The Company completed its annual impairment tests of                        the best estimate for a provision, a single estimate,
  goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets as at April                  a weighted average of all possible outcomes, or the
  1, 2025 financial information and determined there was                      midpoint where there is a range of equally possible
  no impairment in the value of those assets.                                 outcomes are all considered. A significant change in
                                                                              assessment of the likelihood or the best estimate may
• Income taxes – The provision for income taxes
                                                                              result in additional adjustments to net earnings.
  is determined on the basis of the anticipated tax
  treatment of transactions recorded in the Consolidated                    • Employee benefits – The Company maintains a number
  Statements of Earnings. The determination of the                            of employee benefit plans. These plans include a
  provision for income taxes requires interpretation                          funded registered defined benefit pension plan (RPP)
  of tax legislation in a number of jurisdictions. Tax                        for all eligible employees, unfunded supplementary
  planning may allow the Company to record lower                              executive retirement plans for certain executive
  income taxes in the current year and income taxes                           officers (SERPs) and an unfunded post-employment
  recorded in prior years may be adjusted in the current                      health care and life insurance plan for eligible retirees.
  year to reflect management’s best estimates of the                          The funded registered defined benefit pension plan
  overall adequacy of its provisions. Any related tax                         provides pensions based on length of service and
  benefits or changes in management’s best estimates                          final average earnings. The measurement date for the
  are reflected in the provision for income taxes.                            Company’s defined benefit pension plan assets and for
  The recognition of deferred tax assets depends on                           the accrued benefit obligations on all defined benefit
  management’s assumption that future earnings will                           plans is December 31.
  be sufficient to realize the future benefit. The amount                     Due to the long-term nature of these plans, the
                                                                              calculation of the accrued benefit asset or liability




                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  of the deferred tax asset or liability recorded is based
  on management’s best estimate of the timing of the                          depends on various assumptions including discount
  realization of the assets or liabilities. If our interpretation             rates, rates of return on assets, the level and types
  of tax legislation differs from that of the tax authorities                 of benefits provided, healthcare cost trend rates,
  or if timing of reversals is not as anticipated, the                        projected salary increases, retirement age, mortality
  provision for income taxes could increase or decrease                       and termination rates. The discount rate assumption is
  in future periods. Additional information related                           determined using a yield curve of AA corporate debt
  to income taxes is included in the Summary of                               securities. All other assumptions are determined by
  Consolidated Operating Results in this MD&A and in                          management and reviewed by independent actuaries
  Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.                           who calculate the pension and other future benefits
                                                                              expenses and accrued benefit obligations. Actual


                                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   89
                         P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  73
                                 experience that differs from the actuarial assumptions          or losses recorded in Other comprehensive income,
                                 will result in actuarial gains or losses as well as changes     including the defined benefit pension plan, the SERPs
                                 in benefits expense. The Company records actuarial              and post-employment benefit plans, were losses of
                                 gains and losses on all of its defined benefit plans in         $15.4 million ($11.3 million after tax) for the twelve
                                 Other comprehensive income.                                     months ended December 31, 2025.
                                 Discount rates have increased since December 31,                A decrease of 0.25% in the discount rate utilized
                                 2024. The discount rate on the Company’s RPP at                 in 2025 would result in a change of $18.3 million
                                 December 31, 2025 was 5.00% compared to 4.75%                   in the accrued pension obligation, $16.5 million in
                                 at December 31, 2024. The pension plan assets                   other comprehensive income, and $1.8 million in
                                 increased to $609.6 million at December 31, 2025 from           pension expense. Additional information regarding
                                 $593.7 million at December 31, 2024 due to market               the Company’s accounting and sensitivities related
                                 appreciation. The total defined benefit pension plan            to pensions and other post-retirement benefits is
                                 obligation decreased to $470.5 million at December 31,          included in Notes 2 and 15 of the Consolidated
                                 2025 from $476.2 million at December 31, 2024. The              Financial Statements.
                                 defined benefit pension plan had an accrued benefit
                                 asset prior to taking into account the asset ceiling of       Changes in Accounting Policies
                                 $139.0 million at December 31, 2025 compared to an            IGM Financial has not adopted any changes in
                                 accrued benefit asset of $117.4 million at December 31,       accounting policies in 2025.
                                 2024. The International Financial Reporting Interpretation
                                 Committee’s The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset,
                                 Minimum Funding Requirements and their Interaction
                                                                                               Future Accounting Changes
                                 (IFRIC 14) requires a company to limit the defined            The Company continuously monitors the changes
                                 benefit asset, when a defined benefit plan is in a net        proposed by the International Accounting Standards
                                 asset position, to the future economic benefit received       Board (IASB) and analyzes the effect that changes in the
                                 through future contribution reductions (asset ceiling).       standards may have on the Company’s operations.
                                 As a result of IFRIC 14, the Company was limited to           The IASB is currently undertaking a number of projects
                                 recording an accrued benefit asset of $97.4 million on its    which will result in changes to existing IFRS standards
                                 defined benefit pension plan resulting in an unrecorded       that may affect the Company. Updates will be provided
                                 accrued benefit asset of $41.6 million. Actuarial gains       as the projects develop.




                              Disclosure Controls and Procedures
                              The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures                 and reported within the time periods specified in
                              are designed to provide reasonable assurance that (a)            securities legislation.
                              material information relating to the Company is made             The Company’s management, under the supervision of
                              known to the President and Chief Executive Officer               the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              and the Chief Financial Officer by others, particularly          Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the
                              during the period in which the annual filings are                Company’s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on
                              being prepared, and (b) information required to be               their evaluations as of December 31, 2025, the President
                              disclosed by the Company in its annual filings, interim          and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
                              filings or other reports filed or submitted by it under          Officer have concluded that the Company’s disclosure
                              securities legislation is recorded, processed, summarized        controls and procedures are effective.




                              90 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                    C  74                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is                reporting based on the Internal Control – Integrated
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the                    Framework (COSO 2013 Framework) published by
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of                 The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
financial statements for external purposes in accordance                  Treadway Commission. The Company transitioned to
with IFRS. The Company’s management is responsible for                    the COSO 2013 Framework during 2014. Based on their
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control                    evaluations as of December 31, 2025, the President and
over financial reporting.                                                 Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
All internal control systems have inherent limitations                    have concluded that the Company’s internal control over
and may become inadequate because of changes in                           financial reporting is effective in providing reasonable
conditions. Therefore, even those systems determined                      assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance                     and the preparation of financial statements for external
with respect to financial statement preparation                           purposes in accordance with IFRS.
and presentation.                                                         Notwithstanding the above, during the fourth quarter
The Company’s management, under the supervision                           of 2025, there have been no changes in the Company’s
of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the                      internal control over financial reporting that have materially
Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness                  affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
of the Company’s internal control over financial                          Company’s internal control over financial reporting.




Other Information
Transactions with Related Parties                                         December 20, 2024. The Company recognized the
                                                                          benefit of the tax losses realized in the fourth quarter
IGM Financial enters into transactions with Canada Life,
                                                                          of 2024.
which is a subsidiary of its affiliate, Lifeco, which is a
subsidiary of Power. These transactions are in the normal                 For further information on transactions involving
course of operations and have been recorded at fair value:                related parties, see Notes 9 and 27 to the Company’s
• During 2025 and 2024, the Company provided to                           Consolidated Financial Statements.
  and received from Canada Life certain administrative
  services enabling each organization to take advantage                   Outstanding Share Data
  of economies of scale and areas of expertise.                           Outstanding common shares of IGM Financial as at
• The Company distributes insurance products under a                      December 31, 2025 totalled 235,137,873. Outstanding
  distribution agreement with Canada Life and received                    stock options as at December 31, 2025 totalled 5,427,636
  $60.8 million in distribution fees (2024 – $60.4 million).              of which 2,654,864 were exercisable. As at January 31,
  The Company received $63.2 million (2024 –                              2026, outstanding common shares totalled 234,245,364




                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  $62.0 million) and paid $5.9 million (2024 – $5.3 million)              and outstanding stock options totalled 5,334,445 of
  to Canada Life and related subsidiary companies for                     which 2,561,673 were exercisable.
  the provision of sub-advisory services for certain
  investment funds.                                                       SEDAR
After obtaining advanced tax rulings in 2024, the                         Additional information relating to IGM Financial,
Company agreed to a tax loss consolidation transaction                    including the Company’s most recent financial
with a subsidiary of Power whereby shares of an                           statements and Annual Information Form, is available
affiliate that has generated tax losses was acquired on                   at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                     IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS   91
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                         C  75
PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              Page intentionally left blank.




                                   C  76                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Financial Statements

          Independent Auditor’s Report                                        94
          Consolidated Statements of Earnings                                 97
          Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income                     98
          Consolidated Balance Sheets                                         99
          Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity                       100
          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                              101

          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
          Note 1. Corporate information                                      102
          Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies                    102
          Note 3. Revenues from contracts with customers                     108
          Note 4. Expenses                                                   108
          Note 5. Other investments                                          108
          Note 6. Loans                                                      109
          Note 7. Securitizations                                            110
          Note 8. Other assets                                               111
          Note 9. Investment in associates                                   111
          Note 10. Capital assets                                            114
          Note 11. Capitalized sales commissions                             114
          Note 12. Goodwill and intangible assets                            115
          Note 13. Client deposits                                           116
          Note 14. Other liabilities                                         116
          Note 15. Employee benefits                                         116
          Note 16. Income taxes                                              121
          Note 17. Long-term debt                                            122
          Note 18. Share capital                                             123
          Note 19. Capital management                                        124
          Note 20. Share-based payments                                      124




                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
          Note 21. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)             126
          Note 22. Risk management                                           126
          Note 23. Derivative financial instruments                          130
          Note 24. Fair value of financial instruments                       131
          Note 25. Earnings per common share                                 134
          Note 26. Contingent liabilities and guarantees                     134
          Note 27. Related party transactions                                135
          Note 28. Segmented information                                     135




92 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA         C  77
                              Independent Auditor’s Report
                              To the Shareholders of IGM Financial Inc.

                              Opinion
                              We have audited the consolidated financial statements of IGM Financial Inc. (the “Company”), which comprise
                              the consolidated balance sheets as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the consolidated statements of
                              earnings, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and notes to the
                              consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information (collectively referred to as the
                              “financial statements”).
                              In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
                              of the Company as at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and its financial performance and its cash flows for the years
                              then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
                              Standards Board (“IASB”).

                              Basis for Opinion
                              We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards (“Canadian GAAS”).
                              Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
                              Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the ethical
                              requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada, and we have fulfilled our other
                              ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
                              is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

                              Key Audit Matter
                              A key audit matter is a matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
                              consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. This matter was addressed in the context
                              of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
                              provide a separate opinion on this matter.

                              Other investments - Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (“Wealthsimple”) — Refer to Notes 2, 5 and 24 to the
                              financial statements

                              Key Audit Matter Description
                              The Company’s Other investments balance includes an equity investment in Wealthsimple, which is recognized at fair
                              value through other comprehensive income. During the year, the Company participated in a primary equity offering
                              by Wealthsimple (“primary transaction”) and a secondary transaction closed which involved third party investors
                              (“secondary transaction”). Given that Wealthsimple is a private company, significant management judgment is required
                              in the determination of the fair value of the investment. In determining fair value, a market approach using observable




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              valuation metrics, including revenue multiples, and a discounted cash flow analysis were considered by management.
                              Significant management judgment was required in determining the most appropriate valuation approaches and inputs
                              used in each, including revenue multiples applied in the market approach. Auditing the fair value of Wealthsimple
                              required a high degree of auditor judgment which resulted in an increased extent of audit effort, including the use of
                              fair value specialists.




                              94 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  78                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
How the Key Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
With the assistance of fair value specialists, our audit procedures related to the fair value of Wealthsimple included the
following, among others:
• We evaluated the appropriateness of fair value approaches and developed independent fair value estimates using
  an independent market approach by analyzing primary and third party secondary transactions, comparable public
  company revenue multiples, and using revenue provided to the Company by Wealthsimple.
• We evaluated primary and third party secondary transactions to determine if it was an appropriate estimate of fair
  value at those transaction dates.
• We evaluated relevant internal and external information, including industry information, and assessed the
  reasonability of unobservable inputs in instances where these inputs were more subjective.
• We compared the independent fair value estimate to management’s fair value estimate.
• We independently performed a retrospective evaluation and analyzed Wealthsimple’s financial performance using
  revenue provided to the Company by Wealthsimple in order to determine the impact on the fair value determination.
• We evaluated other available information and considered whether this information corroborated or contradicted
  the Company’s conclusions.

Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises:
• Management’s Discussion and Analysis
• The information, other than the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, in the Annual Report.
Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon. In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read
the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
We obtained Management’s Discussion and Analysis prior to the date of this auditor’s report. If, based on the work we
have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact in this auditor’s report. We have nothing to report in this regard.
The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of the auditor’s report. If, based on the work
we will perform on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact to those charged with governance.

Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the IASB, and for such internal control as management
determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.




                                                                                                                                             PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
Canadian GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error

                                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   95
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                           C  79
                              and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
                              economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
                              As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian GAAS, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
                              skepticism throughout the audit. We also:
                              • Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
                                design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
                                appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
                                fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
                                misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
                              • Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                                appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
                                Company’s internal control.
                              • Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
                                related disclosures made by management.
                              • Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
                                the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
                                significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
                                exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements
                                or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
                                obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to
                                cease to continue as a going concern.
                              • Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and
                                whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
                                presentation.
                              • Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
                                of the entities or business units within the Company as a basis for forming an opinion on the financial statements. We
                                are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group
                                audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
                              We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
                              of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
                              during our audit.
                              We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                              requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
                              reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
                              From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
                              significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
                              matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
                              the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                              report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
                              benefits of such communication.
                              The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Robert Rourke.


                              /s/
                              /s/ Deloitte LLP
                                  Deloitte LLP
                              Chartered Professional Accountants
                              Winnipeg, Manitoba
                              February 12, 2026




                              96 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  80                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Statements of Earnings
(in thousands of Canadian dollars, except per share amounts)
For the years ended December 31                                                                                               2025              2024
Revenues
 Wealth management (Note 3)                                                                                           $ 2,717,423 $ 2,436,102

 Asset management                                                                                                         1,061,079      1,002,682
 Dealer compensation expense                                                                                               (341,872)      (329,168)
 Net asset management (Note 3)                                                                                             719,207        673,514

 Net investment income and other                                                                                            42,333         53,041
 Gain on partial sales of investment in associates (Note 9)                                                                 44,578              –
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 9)                                                                      264,182        212,777
                                                                                                                          3,787,723      3,375,434
Expenses (Note 4)
 Advisory and business development                                                                                        1,252,475      1,120,730
 Operations and support                                                                                                     873,433        837,656
 Sub-advisory                                                                                                                91,737         78,059
 Interest (Note 17)                                                                                                         129,170        129,379
                                                                                                                          2,346,815      2,165,824
Earnings before income taxes                                                                                              1,440,908      1,209,610
Income taxes (Note 16)                                                                                                      333,906        272,171
Net earnings                                                                                                              1,107,002       937,439
Non-controlling interest (Note 9)                                                                                            (6,033)       (3,925)
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                         $ 1,100,969 $       933,514
Earnings per share (in dollars) (Note 25)
  – Basic                                                                                                             $        4.66 $           3.93
  – Diluted                                                                                                           $        4.64 $           3.93
(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                                                                                                                                                       PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     97
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                             C  81
                              Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
                              (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                              For the years ended December 31                                                                                                  2025         2024

                              Net earnings                                                                                                           $ 1,107,002 $       937,439

                              Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
                               Items that will not be reclassified to Net earnings
                                 Fair value through other comprehensive income investments
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 5), net of tax of $(130,092) and $(80,662)                                        841,074      523,303
                                 Employee benefits
                                  Net actuarial gains (losses), net of tax of $4,136 and $(17,661)                                                           (11,275)     48,070
                                 Investment in associates – employee benefits and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of nil                                                                        2,534        3,229

                               Items that may be reclassified subsequently to Net earnings
                                 Investment in associates and other
                                  Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of $(1,723) and $(9,448)                                                     (20,999)    179,127
                                                                                                                                                            811,334      753,729
                              Total comprehensive income                                                                                                   1,918,336    1,691,168
                              Non-controlling interest                                                                                                        (6,033)      (3,925)
                              Total comprehensive income available to common shareholders                                                            $ 1,912,303 $ 1,687,243
                              (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              98 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  82                                                                  P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)
As at December 31                                                                                                                       2025              2024
Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                  $        1,274,211 $      910,278
Other investments (Note 5)                                                                                                          2,522,120      1,468,457
Client funds on deposit                                                                                                             4,316,736      3,723,661
Accounts and other receivables                                                                                                        292,050        268,413
Income taxes recoverable                                                                                                               13,396          1,281
Loans (Note 6)                                                                                                                      5,262,064      5,462,405
Derivative financial instruments (Note 23)                                                                                             69,961         36,022
Other assets (Note 8)                                                                                                                 183,478        187,139
Investment in associates (Note 9)                                                                                                   3,753,535      3,979,744
Capital assets (Note 10)                                                                                                              343,753        309,119
Capitalized sales commissions (Note 11)                                                                                               440,784        418,996
Deferred income taxes (Note 16)                                                                                                         2,206          3,486
Intangible assets (Note 12)                                                                                                         1,290,685      1,277,200
Goodwill (Note 12)                                                                                                                  2,636,771      2,636,771
Total assets                                                                                                               $    22,401,750 $      20,682,972

Liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                                                                   $          570,358 $      492,326
Income taxes payable                                                                                                                   29,123         33,464
Derivative financial instruments (Note 23)                                                                                             15,150         25,721
Client deposits (Note 13)                                                                                                           4,299,128      3,702,514
Other liabilities (Note 14)                                                                                                           355,460        409,524
Obligations to securitization entities (Note 7)                                                                                     4,815,312      5,024,916
Lease obligations                                                                                                                     165,210        160,804
Deferred income taxes (Note 16)                                                                                                       713,725        563,297
Long-term debt (Note 17)                                                                                                            2,400,000      2,400,000
Total liabilities                                                                                                               13,363,466        12,812,566

Equity
Share capital (Note 18)
 Common shares                                                                                                                      1,867,055      1,785,233
Contributed surplus                                                                                                                    50,718         54,589
Retained earnings                                                                                                                   5,166,596      4,890,896
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (Note 21)                                                                             1,859,958      1,070,057
Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                                          8,944,327      7,800,775
Non-controlling interest (Note 9)                                                                                                      93,957         69,631
Total equity                                                                                                                        9,038,284      7,870,406
Total liabilities and equity                                                                                               $    22,401,750 $      20,682,972




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
These consolidated financial statements were approved and authorized for issuance by the Board of Directors on February 12, 2026.




/s/ James O'Sullivan                                                                /s/ John McCallum

James O’Sullivan                                                                    John McCallum
Director                                                                            Director
(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                                                                  IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS              99
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                      C  83
                               Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
                               (in thousands of Canadian dollars)
                                                                                                Share                                           Accumulated
                                                                                               capital                                            other com-
                                                                                           – Common                                               prehensive                   Non-
                                                                                               shares     Contributed          Retained         income (loss)            controlling       Total
                                                                                             (Note 18)         surplus         earnings             (Note 21)               interest      equity
                               2025
                               Balance, beginning of year                                 $ 1,785,233 $       54,589 $ 4,890,896 $ 1,070,057 $                              69,631 $ 7,870,406
                               Net earnings                                                          –              –         1,100,969                    –                  6,033    1,107,002
                               Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                         –              –                 –              811,334                      –      811,334
                               Total comprehensive income (loss)                                     –              –         1,100,969              811,334                  6,033    1,918,336
                               Common shares
                                Issued under stock option plan                                 127,176              –                     –                   –                   –     127,176
                                Purchased for cancellation                                     (45,354)             –                     –                   –                   –     (45,354)
                               Stock options
                                Current period expense                                               –          3,597                 –                     –                    –         3,597
                                Exercised                                                            –         (7,468)                –                     –                    –        (7,468)
                               Common share dividends                                                –              –          (531,463)                    –                    –     (531,463)
                               Dividends to non-controlling interests                                –              –                 –                     –               (1,750)       (1,750)
                               Increase of non-controlling interest (Note 9)                         –              –                 –                     –               20,043       20,043
                               Disposal of investment in associate                                   –              –             2,357                (2,357)                   –             –
                               Transfer out of fair value through other
                               comprehensive income                                                  –              –            19,076               (19,076)                    –           –
                               Common share cancellation excess and other                            –              –          (315,239)                    –                     –    (315,239)
                               Balance, end of year                                       $ 1,867,055 $       50,718 $ 5,166,596 $ 1,859,958 $                              93,957 $ 9,038,284

                               2024
                               Balance, beginning of year                                 $ 1,690,626 $       57,926 $ 4,595,620 $                   316,290 $              59,946 $ 6,720,408
                               Net earnings                                                          –              –            933,514                   –                  3,925     937,439
                               Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax                         –              –                  –             753,729                      –     753,729
                               Total comprehensive income (loss)                                     –              –            933,514             753,729                  3,925    1,691,168
                               Common shares
                                Issued under stock option plan                                 116,857              –                     –                   –                   –     116,857
                                Purchased for cancellation                                     (22,250)             –                     –                   –                   –     (22,250)
                               Stock options
                                Current period expense                                               –          3,364                  –                      –                   –         3,364
                                Exercised                                                            –         (6,701)                 –                      –                   –        (6,701)
                               Common share dividends                                                –              –           (533,875)                     –                   –     (533,875)
                               Dividends to non-controlling interests                                –              –                  –                      –              (2,240)       (2,240)
                               Increase of non-controlling interest (Note 9)                         –              –                  –                      –               8,000         8,000
                               Transfer out of fair value through other
                               comprehensive income                                                  –              –                 (38)                   38                   –            –




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Common share cancellation excess and other                            –              –           (104,325)                     –                   –     (104,325)
                               Balance, end of year                                       $ 1,785,233 $       54,589 $ 4,890,896 $ 1,070,057 $                              69,631 $ 7,870,406
                               (See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                              100 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     C  84                                                                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands of Canadian dollars)
For the years ended December 31                                                                                                 2025             2024
Operating activities
 Earnings before income taxes                                                                                         $ 1,440,908 $       1,209,610
 Income taxes paid                                                                                                       (317,018)         (194,228)
 Adjustments to determine net cash from operating activities
  Capitalized sales commission amortization                                                                                 114,852         105,452
  Capitalized sales commissions paid                                                                                       (128,272)       (129,712)
  Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                       98,062           92,675
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings, net of dividends received                                                   (135,415)         (82,805)
  Pension and other post-employment benefits                                                                                  4,825           10,057
  Gain on partial sales of investment in associates                                                                         (44,578)               –
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities and other                                                                      13,049         109,612
  Cash from operating activities before restructuring provision payments                                                  1,046,413       1,120,661
  Restructuring provision cash payments                                                                                     (11,422)        (28,318)
                                                                                                                          1,034,991       1,092,343
Financing activities
 Net decrease in client certificates                                                                                                –          (1,408)
 Increase in obligations to securitization entities                                                                        1,442,868      1,591,756
 Repayments of obligations to securitization entities and other                                                           (1,684,294)    (1,271,867)
 Repayment of lease obligations                                                                                               (23,608)       (25,061)
 Issue of common shares                                                                                                      119,707        110,156
 Common shares purchased for cancellation                                                                                   (293,806)      (122,476)
 Common share dividends paid                                                                                                (532,920)      (534,028)
                                                                                                                           (972,053)       (252,928)
Investing activities
 Purchase of other investments                                                                                              (234,037)        (99,430)
 Proceeds from the sale of other investments                                                                                 146,818        108,506
 Increase in loans                                                                                                        (1,974,818)    (1,582,255)
 Repayment of loans and other                                                                                              2,178,345      1,218,063
 Net additions to capital assets                                                                                              (49,054)       (31,281)
 Net cash used in additions to intangible assets and other                                                                    (70,938)      (87,373)
 Investment in Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Note 9)                                                                        (112,174)              –
 Proceeds from return of capital and partial sales of investment in associates                                               416,853               –
                                                                                                                            300,995        (473,770)
Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                       363,933        365,645
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                                                910,278        544,633
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                                                $ 1,274,211 $        910,278

Cash                                                                                                                  $     676,709 $      544,990




                                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Cash equivalents                                                                                                            597,502        365,288
                                                                                                                      $ 1,274,211 $        910,278
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information related to operating activities
 Interest and dividends received                                                                                      $     361,081 $      350,946
 Interest paid                                                                                                        $     310,281 $      303,470
(See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements)




                                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     101
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                              C  85
                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                               December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands of Canadian dollars, except shares and per share amounts)


                               Note 1. Corporate information

                               IGM Financial Inc. (the Company) is a publicly listed company (TSX: IGM), incorporated and domiciled in Canada. The
                               registered address of the Company is 447 Portage Avenue, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company is controlled
                               by Power Corporation of Canada (Power).
                               IGM Financial Inc. is a wealth and asset management company which serves the financial needs of Canadians through
                               its principal subsidiaries, each operating distinctly within the advice segment of the financial services market. The
                               Company’s wholly-owned principal subsidiaries are IGWM Inc. (formerly Investors Group Inc.) and Mackenzie Financial
                               Corporation (Mackenzie).


                               Note 2. Summary of material accounting policies

                               The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
                               Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The policies set out below
                               were consistently applied to all the periods presented unless otherwise noted.

                               Use of judgment, estimates and assumptions
                               The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires management to exercise judgment in the
                               process of applying accounting policies and requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
                               amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements. The key areas where judgment has been applied include:
                               the determination of which financial assets should be derecognized; the assessment of the appropriate classification of
                               financial instruments, including those classified as fair value through profit or loss; and the assessment that significant
                               influence exists for its investment in associates. Key components of the financial statements requiring management to
                               make estimates include: the fair value of financial instruments, goodwill, intangible assets, income taxes, capitalized
                               sales commissions, provisions and employee benefits. Actual results may differ from such estimates. Further detail of
                               judgments and estimates are found in the remainder of Note 2 and in Notes 5, 7, 9, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16 and 24.

                               Basis of consolidation
                               The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company and all subsidiaries on a consolidated
                               basis after elimination of intercompany transactions and balances. Subsidiaries are entities the Company controls when
                               it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement and has the ability to affect those returns through
                               its power to direct the relevant activities of the entity.
                               The Company’s investments in Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco), China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC),
                               Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller), and Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf) are accounted for




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               using the equity method. The investments were initially recorded at cost and the carrying amounts are increased or
                               decreased to recognize the Company’s share of the investments’ comprehensive income (loss) and the dividends
                               received since the date of acquisition.

                               Revenue recognition
                               Wealth management revenue is earned for providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial
                               services. Revenues from financial advisory fees and investment management and related administration fees are
                               based on the net asset value of investment funds or other assets under advisement and are accrued as services are
                               performed. Distribution revenues associated with insurance and banking products and services are also recognized



                              102 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  86                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
on an accrual basis while distribution fees derived from investment fund and securities transactions are recognized
on a trade date basis.
Asset management revenue related to investment management advisory and administrative services is based on the
net asset value of investment funds and other assets under management and is accrued as services are performed.

Financial instruments
All financial assets are initially recognized at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are subsequently
classified as measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL), fair value through other comprehensive income
(FVTOCI) or amortized cost based on the Company’s assessment of the business model within which the financial
asset is managed and the financial asset’s contractual cash flow characteristics.
A financial asset is measured at amortized cost if it is held within a business model of holding financial assets and
collecting contractual cash flows and those cash flows are comprised solely of payments of principal and interest.
A financial asset is measured at FVTOCI if the financial asset is held within a business model of both collecting
contractual cash flows and selling the financial assets or through an irrevocable election for equity instruments that
are not held for trading. All other financial assets are measured at FVTPL. A financial asset that would otherwise be
measured at amortized cost or FVTOCI can be designated as FVTPL through an irrevocable election if doing so
eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.
Financial assets can only be reclassified when there is a change to the business model within which they are managed.
Such reclassifications are applied on a prospective basis.
Financial liabilities are classified either as measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method or as FVTPL,
which are recorded at fair value.
Unrealized gains and losses on financial assets classified as FVTOCI as well as other comprehensive income amounts,
including unrealized foreign currency translation gains and losses related to the Company’s investment in its associates,
are recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income on a net of tax basis. Accumulated other
comprehensive income forms part of Equity.

Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and temporary investments consisting of highly liquid investments with
short-term maturities. Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis in Net investment income and other in the
Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

Other investments
Other investments, which are recorded on a trade date basis, are classified as either FVTOCI or FVTPL.
The Company has elected to classify certain equity investments that are not held for trading as FVTOCI. Unrealized
gains and losses on these FVTOCI investments are recorded in Other comprehensive income and transferred directly
to Retained earnings when realized without being recorded through profit or loss. Dividends declared are recorded
in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
FVTPL investments are held for trading and are comprised of fixed income and equity investments and investments
in proprietary investment funds. Unrealized and realized gains and losses, dividends declared, and interest income
on these investments are recorded in Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.

Loans
Loans are classified as either FVTPL or amortized cost, based on the Company’s assessment of the business model
within which the loan is managed. Revenues from mortgage activities are included in Wealth management revenue
in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Changes in fair value of loans measured at FVTPL are recorded in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings. Loans measured at amortized cost are recorded net of an allowance for expected credit losses.

                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   103
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                     C  87
                               Interest income is accounted for on an accrual basis using the effective interest method for all loans and is recorded
                               in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                               The Company applies a three-stage impairment approach to measure expected credit losses on loans: 1) On
                               origination, an allowance for 12-month expected credit losses is established, 2) Lifetime expected credit losses are
                               recognized where there is a significant deterioration of credit quality, and 3) A loan is considered credit impaired
                               when there is no longer reasonable assurance of collection.

                               Derecognition
                               The Company enters into transactions where it transfers financial assets recognized on its balance sheet. The
                               determination of whether the financial assets are derecognized is based on the extent to which the risks and
                               rewards of ownership are transferred. The gains or losses and the servicing fee revenue for financial assets that
                               are derecognized are reported in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. The
                               transactions for financial assets that are not derecognized are accounted for as secured financing transactions.

                               Sales commissions
                               Commissions are paid on investment product sales where the Company either receives a fee directly from the client
                               or where it receives a fee directly from the investment fund.
                               Commissions paid on investment product sales where the Company earns fees from a client are capitalized and
                               amortized over their estimated useful lives, not exceeding a period of seven years. The Company regularly reviews the
                               carrying value of capitalized selling commissions with respect to any events or circumstances that indicate impairment.
                               Among the tests performed by the Company to assess recoverability is the comparison of the future economic benefits
                               derived from the capitalized selling commission asset in relation to its carrying value.
                               All other commissions paid on investment product sales are expensed as incurred.

                               Capital assets
                               Capital assets are comprised of Property and equipment and Right-of-use assets.

                               Property and equipment
                               Buildings, furnishings and equipment are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which
                               range from 3 to 17 years for equipment and furnishings and 10 to 50 years for the building and its components.
                               Capital assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                               amount may not be recoverable.

                               Right-of-use assets
                               A right-of-use asset representing the Company’s property leases is depreciated using the straight-line method from
                               the commencement date to the end of the lease term and is recorded in Advisory and business development and
                               Operations and support expenses.

                               Leases




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               For contracts that contain a lease, the Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. Imputed interest
                               on the lease liability is recorded in Interest expense.
                               Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprises fixed payments less any lease incentives
                               receivable, variable payments that depend on an index or a rate, and payments or penalties for terminating the
                               lease, if any. The lease payments are discounted using the Company’s incremental borrowing rate, which is applied
                               to portfolios of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.
                               The Company does not recognize a right-of-use asset or lease liability for leases that, at commencement date, have
                               a lease term of 12 months or less, and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. The Company recognizes
                               the payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.


                              104 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     C  88                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Goodwill and intangible assets
The Company tests the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets for impairment at least once
a year and more frequently if an event or circumstance indicates the asset may be impaired. An impairment loss is
recognized if the amount of the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is
the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal or its value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment,
assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows (cash generating units).
Investment fund management contracts have been assessed to have an indefinite useful life as the contractual right to
manage the assets has no fixed term.
Trade names have been assessed to have an indefinite useful life as they contribute to the revenues of the Company’s
integrated asset management business as a whole and the Company intends to utilize them for the foreseeable future.
Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Software assets
are amortized over a period not exceeding 7 years and distribution and other management contracts are amortized
over a period not exceeding 20 years. Finite life intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.

Employee benefits
The Company maintains a number of employee benefit plans including defined benefit plans and defined
contribution pension plans for eligible employees. These plans are related parties in accordance with IFRS. The
Company’s defined benefit plans include a funded defined benefit pension plan for eligible employees, unfunded
supplementary executive retirement plans (SERP) for certain executive officers, and an unfunded post-employment
health care, dental and life insurance plan for eligible retirees.
The defined benefit pension plan provides pensions based on length of service and final average earnings.
The cost of the defined benefit plans is actuarially determined using the projected unit credit method prorated on
service based upon management’s assumptions about discount rates, compensation increases, retirement ages of
employees, mortality and expected health care costs. Any changes in these assumptions will impact the carrying
amount of the pension asset. The Company’s accrued benefit asset or liability in respect of defined benefit plans is
calculated separately for each plan by discounting the amount of the benefit that employees have earned in return
for their service in current and prior periods and deducting the fair value of any plan assets. The Company determines
the net interest component of the pension expense for the period by applying the discount rate used to measure the
accrued benefit asset or liability at the beginning of the annual period to the net accrued benefit asset or liability. The
discount rate used to value assets or liabilities is determined using a yield curve of AA corporate debt securities.
If the plan benefits are changed, or a plan is curtailed, any past service costs or curtailment gains or losses are
recognized immediately in net earnings.
Current service costs, past service costs and curtailment gains or losses are included in Operations and support expenses.
Remeasurements arising from defined benefit plans represent actuarial gains and losses and the actual return on plan
assets, less interest calculated at the discount rate. Remeasurements and changes in the asset ceiling are recognized
immediately through Other comprehensive income (OCI) and are not reclassified to net earnings.




                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
The accrued benefit asset represents the surplus related to defined benefit pension plan and is included in Other
assets. The accrued benefit liability represents the deficit of the SERPs and post-employment health care plan and
is included in Other liabilities.
Payments to the defined contribution pension plans are expensed as incurred.

Share-based payments
The Company uses the fair value based method to account for stock options granted to employees. The fair value of
stock options is determined on each grant date. Compensation expense is recognized over the period that the stock
options vest, with a corresponding increase in Contributed surplus. When stock options are exercised, the proceeds
together with the amount recorded in Contributed surplus are added to Share capital.

                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   105
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                     C  89
                               The Company recognizes a liability for cash settled awards including those granted under the Performance Share Unit,
                               Restricted Share Unit and Deferred Share Unit plans. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period, net
                               of related hedges. The liability is remeasured at fair value at each reporting period.

                               Provisions
                               A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Company has a present obligation where a reliable estimate
                               can be made, and it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation.

                               Income taxes
                               The Company uses the liability method in accounting for income taxes whereby deferred income tax assets and
                               liabilities reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
                               of assets and liabilities and their tax bases and tax loss carryforwards. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
                               measured based on the enacted or substantively enacted tax rates which are anticipated to be in effect when the
                               temporary differences are expected to reverse.

                               Earnings per share
                               Basic earnings per share is determined by dividing Net earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted
                               average number of common shares outstanding for the year. Diluted earnings per share is determined using the same
                               method as basic earnings per share except that the average number of common shares outstanding includes the potential
                               dilutive effect of outstanding stock options granted by the Company as determined by the treasury stock method.

                               Derivative financial instruments
                               Derivative financial instruments are utilized by the Company in the management of equity price and interest rate risks.
                               The Company does not utilize derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.
                               The Company formally documents all hedging relationships, as well as its risk management objective and strategy for
                               undertaking various hedging transactions. This process includes linking all derivatives to specific assets and liabilities
                               on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or to anticipated future transactions. The Company also formally assesses, both
                               at the hedge’s inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives that are used in hedging transactions are
                               highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. Derivative financial instruments are
                               recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
                               Derivative financial instruments specifically designated as a hedge and meeting the criteria for hedge effectiveness
                               offset the changes in fair values or cash flows of hedged items. A hedge is designated either as a cash flow hedge or
                               a fair value hedge. A cash flow hedge requires the change in fair value of the derivative, to the extent effective, to be
                               recorded in Other comprehensive income, which is reclassified to the Consolidated Statements of Earnings when the
                               hedged item affects earnings. The change in fair value of the ineffective portion of the derivative in a cash flow hedge
                               is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings. A fair value hedge requires the change in fair value of the
                               hedging derivative and the change in fair value of the hedged item relating to the hedged risk to both be recorded in
                               the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               The Company enters into interest rate swaps as part of its mortgage banking and intermediary operations. These swap
                               agreements require the periodic exchange of net interest payments without the exchange of the notional principal
                               amount on which the payments are based. Swaps entered into to hedge the costs of funds on certain securitization
                               activities are designated as hedging instruments (Note 23). The effective portion of changes in fair value are initially
                               recorded in Other comprehensive income and subsequently recorded in Wealth management revenue in the
                               Consolidated Statements of Earnings over the term of the associated Obligations to securitization entities. Remaining
                               mortgage related swaps are not designated as hedging instruments and changes in fair value are recorded directly
                               in Wealth management revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                               The Company also enters into total return swaps and forward agreements to manage its exposure to fluctuations in
                               the total return of its common shares related to deferred compensation arrangements. Total return swap and forward


                              106 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     C  90                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
agreements require the exchange of net contractual payments periodically or at maturity without the exchange of
the notional principal amounts on which the payments are based. Certain of these derivatives are not designated as
hedging instruments and changes in fair value are recorded in Operations and support expenses in the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings.
Derivatives continue to be utilized on a basis consistent with the risk management policies of the Company and are
monitored by the Company for effectiveness as economic hedges even if specific hedge accounting requirements
are not met.

Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities
Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets when the
Company has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and intends to settle on a net basis or to
realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

Comparative figures
The Company reclassified certain comparative figures in its Statements of Cash Flows to conform to the current year’s
presentation which resulted in prior year net cash flows being reclassified from operating activities to financing
activities. The reclassifications are intended to provide additional details on the nature of the Company’s cash flows
and had no impact on the net earnings of the Company.

Future accounting changes
The Company continuously monitors changes proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and
analyzes the effect that changes in the standards may have on the Company’s operations.

IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures – Amendments
In May 2024, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures.
The amendments introduce additional disclosures intended to enhance transparency around changes in fair value of
equity instruments designated at FVTOCI, and clarify the timing of derecognition for financial liabilities settled through
electronic payment systems.
These amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026, with earlier
application permitted. The Company continues to evaluate the impact of the amendments on the Company’s
financial statements.

IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
In April 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements (IFRS 18). IFRS 18, which
replaces IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements, will modify the presentation of the Company’s Consolidated
Statements of Earnings by requiring income and expenses to be classified into three categories: operating, investing
and financing. The standard also introduces new disclosure requirements for management-defined performance
measures, and additional requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of information.
The standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027, with earlier application




                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition provisions. The Company continues to
evaluate the impact of the adoption of this standard.




                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   107
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                     C  91
                               Note 3. Revenues from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                                                           2025          2024
                               Advisory fees                                                                                                     $ 1,439,651 $ 1,295,224
                               Product and program fees                                                                                            1,097,881     986,138
                                                                                                                                                       2,537,532    2,281,362
                               Other financial planning revenues                                                                                         179,891      154,740
                               Wealth management                                                                                                       2,717,423    2,436,102
                               Asset management                                                                                                        1,061,079    1,002,682
                               Dealer compensation expense                                                                                              (341,872)    (329,168)
                               Net asset management                                                                                                     719,207      673,514
                               Net revenues from contracts with customers                                                                        $ 3,436,630 $ 3,109,616

                               Wealth management revenue is earned by providing financial planning, investment advisory and related financial
                               services. Advisory fees, related to financial planning, are associated with assets under management and advisement.
                               Product and program fees, related to investment management and administration services, are associated with
                               assets under management. Other financial planning revenues include insurance, banking products and services, and
                               mortgage lending activities.
                               Asset management revenue, related to investment management advisory and administrative services, depends on the
                               level and composition of assets under management.


                               Note 4. Expenses

                                                                                                                                                           2025         2024
                               Commissions                                                                                                       $      945,099 $     829,713
                               Salaries and employee benefits                                                                                           657,669      631,282
                               Occupancy                                                                                                                 24,109       22,594
                               Amortization of capital, intangible and other assets                                                                      98,062       92,675
                               Other                                                                                                                    400,969      382,122
                                                                                                                                                       2,125,908    1,958,386
                               Sub-advisory                                                                                                               91,737       78,059
                               Interest                                                                                                                 129,170      129,379
                                                                                                                                                 $ 2,346,815 $ 2,165,824


                               Note 5. Other investments

                                                                                                                                     2025                               2024




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                                                                  Cost        Fair value                    Cost    Fair value
                               Fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)
                                Corporate investments                                                  $     403,284 $ 2,412,868                 $      289,904 $ 1,350,376
                               Fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
                                Equity securities                                                                  2                   2                  1,772        1,974
                                Proprietary investment funds                                                 107,680             109,250                107,782      116,107
                                                                                                             107,682             109,252                109,554      118,081
                                                                                                       $     510,966 $ 2,522,120                 $      399,458 $ 1,468,457




                              108 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     C  92                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Fair value through other comprehensive income
Corporate investments is primarily comprised of the Company’s investments in Wealthsimple Financial Corp.
(Wealthsimple).
The total fair value of Corporate investments of $2,413 million (2024 – $1,350 million) is presented net of certain costs
incurred within the limited partnership structures holding the underlying investments.

Investment in Wealthsimple
Wealthsimple Financial Corp. (Wealthsimple) is a financial company that provides simple digital tools for growing and
managing client money. The Company’s investment in Wealthsimple is primarily held through a limited partnership
controlled by Power. The investment is classified at FVTOCI. IGM Financial Inc. holds a 25.5% economic interest in
Wealthsimple (2024 – 27.2%).
On October 31, 2025, the Company participated in a $550 million primary equity offering by Wealthsimple, investing
$100 million. A secondary transaction involving third party investors totaling $190 million closed on December 19, 2025.
At December 31, 2025, the fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple was $2,258 million (December 31,
2024 – $1,219 million). The increase in fair value during the year considers recent transactions, increase in public market
peer valuations, as well as Wealthsimple’s business performance and revenue expectations. Fair value is determined by
using observable transactions in the investments’ securities where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation
metrics, including revenue multiples used in the valuation of comparable public companies.

Fair value through profit or loss
Proprietary investment funds
The Company manages and provides services and earns management and administration fees, in respect of
investment funds that are not recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As at December 31, 2025, there were
$216.9 billion in investment fund assets under management (2024 – $191.9 billion). The Company’s investments in
proprietary investment funds are classified on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at FVTPL. These investments
are generally made in the process of launching a new fund and are sold as third-party investors subscribe. The
Company’s maximum exposure to loss is limited to its direct investment in the proprietary investment funds.
Certain investment funds are consolidated where the Company has made the assessment that it controls the investment
fund. As at December 31, 2025, the underlying investments related to these consolidated investment funds primarily
consisted of cash and short-term investments of $1.2 million (2024 – $8.9 million), equity securities of $30.5 million (2024 –
$51.1 million) and fixed income securities of $19.7 million (2024 – $21.7 million). The underlying securities of these funds are
classified at FVTPL and recognized at fair value.


Note 6. Loans

                                                                                          Contractual maturity
                                                                              1 year         1–5            Over            2025                2024




                                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                                                              or less        years        5 years           Total               Total
Amortized cost
 Residential mortgages                                                    $ 1,301,067   $ 3,955,483   $    6,219    $   5,262,769   $    5,463,188
Less: Allowance for expected credit losses                                                                                   705                 783
                                                                                                                        5,262,064        5,462,405
The change in the allowance for expected credit losses is
as follows:
 Balance, beginning of year                                                                                         $        783    $            737
 Write-offs, net of recoveries                                                                                              (187)               (111)
 Change in expected credit losses                                                                                            109                 157
 Balance, end of year                                                                                               $        705    $            783


                                          IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS               109
                          P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C  93
                               Total credit impaired loans as at December 31, 2025 were $5.5 million (December 31, 2024 – $3.5 million).
                               Total interest income on loans was $216.7 million (2024 – $205.4 million). Total interest expense on obligations to
                               securitization entities, related to securitized loans, was $185.1 million (2024 – $172.3 million). Gains realized on the sale
                               of residential mortgages totalled $5.4 million (2024 – $1.2 million). Fair value adjustments related to mortgage banking
                               operations totalled negative $2.3 million (2024 – negative $10.4 million). These amounts were included in Wealth
                               management revenue. Wealth management revenue also includes other mortgage banking related items including
                               portfolio insurance, issue costs, and other items.


                               Note 7. Securitizations

                               The Company securitizes residential mortgages through the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation (CMHC)
                               sponsored National Housing Act Mortgage-Backed Securities (NHA MBS) Program and Canada Mortgage Bond (CMB)
                               Program and through Canadian bank-sponsored asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP) programs. These transactions
                               do not meet the requirements for derecognition as the Company retains prepayment risk and certain elements of
                               credit risk. Accordingly, the Company has retained these mortgages on its balance sheets and has recorded offsetting
                               liabilities for the net proceeds received as Obligations to securitization entities which are recorded at amortized cost.
                               The Company earns interest on the mortgages and pays interest on the obligations to securitization entities. As part of
                               the CMB transactions, the Company enters into a swap transaction whereby the Company pays coupons on CMBs and
                               receives investment returns on the NHA MBS and the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. A component of this
                               swap, related to the obligation to pay CMB coupons and receive investment returns on repaid mortgage principal,
                               and the hedging swap used to manage exposure to changes in variable rate investment returns, are recorded as
                               derivatives with a fair value of negative $4.7 million at December 31, 2025 (2024 – negative $7.9 million).
                               All mortgages securitized under the NHA MBS and CMB Program are insured by CMHC or another approved insurer
                               under the program. As part of the ABCP transactions, the Company has provided cash reserves for credit enhancement
                               which are recorded at cost. Credit risk is limited to these cash reserves and future net interest income as the ABCP Trusts
                               have no recourse to the Company’s other assets for failure to make payments when due.
                                                                                                                                                       Obligations
                                                                                                                                                                   to
                                                                                                                                Securitized            securitization
                                                                                                                                mortgages                  entities        Net
                               2025
                               Carrying value
                                NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                       $ 2,580,268 $ 2,597,439 $                 (17,171)
                                Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                             2,179,719   2,217,873                   (38,154)
                                Total                                                                                         $ 4,759,987 $ 4,815,312 $                 (55,325)
                               Fair value                                                                                     $ 4,890,342 $ 4,916,463 $                 (26,121)

                               2024
                               Carrying value
                                NHA MBS and CMB Program                                                                       $ 2,494,701 $ 2,475,814 $                 18,887




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                                Bank sponsored ABCP                                                                             2,551,546   2,549,102                    2,444
                                Total                                                                                         $ 5,046,247 $ 5,024,916 $                 21,331
                               Fair value                                                                                     $ 5,078,431 $ 5,098,441 $                 (20,010)

                               The carrying value of Obligations to securitization entities, which is recorded net of issue costs, includes principal
                               payments received on securitized mortgages that are not due to be settled until after the reporting period. Issue
                               costs are amortized over the life of the obligation on an effective interest rate basis.




                              110 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     C  94                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Note 8. Other assets

                                                                                                                                                 2025              2024
Accrued benefit asset (Note 15)                                                                                                            $   97,443 $      117,447
Deferred and prepaid expenses                                                                                                                   73,579        59,268
Other                                                                                                                                          12,456         10,424
                                                                                                                                           $   183,478 $     187,139

Total other assets of $47.8 million as at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $39.9 million) are expected to be realized within
one year.


Note 9. Investment in associates

                                                                           Lifeco      ChinaAMC        Rockefeller            Northleaf         Other              Total
2025
Balance, beginning of year                                        $      633,475 $ 2,030,081 $             903,208 $           353,565 $        59,415 $ 3,979,744
Additions                                                                       –          –                     –             100,217               –     100,217
Return of capital and other                                                     –          –              (374,015)                  –         (10,825)   (384,840)
Dividends                                                                 (54,013)   (66,004)                    –              (8,750)              –    (128,767)
Proportionate share of:
 Earnings (losses)                                                         94,378        128,368             10,127             30,165 (1)      1,144        264,182
 Other comprehensive income (loss) and
 other adjustments                                                         (3,835)       (11,229)           (58,641)             (3,296)            –         (77,001)
Balance, end of year                                              $      670,005 $ 2,081,216 $             480,679 $           471,901 $       49,734 $ 3,753,535
2024
Balance, beginning of year                                        $      589,288 $ 1,885,223 $             844,795 $           301,845 $       38,023 $ 3,659,174
Additions                                                                      –           –                    85              40,000         21,456      61,541
Dividends                                                                (49,143)    (72,926)                    –              (7,903)             –    (129,972)
Proportionate share of:
 Earnings (losses)                                                         93,079        113,442            (13,303)            19,623 (1)         (64)      212,777
 Other comprehensive income (loss) and
 other adjustments                                                               251     104,342             71,631                   –             –        176,224
Balance, end of year                                              $      633,475 $ 2,030,081 $             903,208 $           353,565 $       59,415 $ 3,979,744
(1) The Company’s proportionate share of Northleaf’s earnings net of Non-controlling interest was $24,132 (2024 – $15,698).


The Company uses the equity method to account for its investments in associates, which include Lifeco, ChinaAMC,
Rockefeller, and Northleaf, as it exercises significant influence.

Great-West Lifeco Inc. (Lifeco)
Lifeco is a publicly listed company that is incorporated and domiciled in Canada and is controlled by Power. Lifeco is a




                                                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
financial services holding company with interests in the life insurance, health insurance, retirement savings, investment
management and reinsurance businesses, primarily in Canada, the United States, Europe and Asia.
At December 31, 2025, the Company held 22,136,471 (2024 – 22,136,471) shares of Lifeco, which represented an
equity interest of 2.4% (2024 – 2.4%). Significant influence arises from several factors, including but not limited to the
following: common control of Lifeco by Power, directors common to the boards of the Company and Lifeco, certain
shared strategic alliances and significant intercompany transactions that influence the financial and operating policies of
both companies. The Company’s proportionate share of Lifeco’s earnings is recorded in the Consolidated Statements
of Earnings.
The fair value of the Company’s investment in Lifeco totalled $1,498.2 million at December 31, 2025 (2024 –
$1,053.9 million).

                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                           111
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             C  95
                               Lifeco directly owned 9,200,000 shares of the Company at December 31, 2025 (2024 – 9,200,000).
                               Lifeco’s financial information as at December 31, 2025 can be obtained in its publicly available information.

                               China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (ChinaAMC)
                               ChinaAMC is an asset management company established in Beijing, China and is controlled by CITIC Securities
                               Company Limited.
                               As at December 31, 2025, the Company held a 27.8% ownership interest in ChinaAMC (2024 – 27.8%). Significant
                               influence arises from board representation, participating in the policy making process, shared strategic initiatives
                               including joint product launches and collaboration between management and investment teams.
                               The following table sets forth certain summary financial information from ChinaAMC:
                                                                                                                                       2025                            2024
                                                                                                            Canadian               Chinese             Canadian     Chinese
                               (millions)                                                                     Dollars                Yuan                Dollars       Yuan
                               As at December 31
                               Total assets                                                                    4,364.3            22,246.3               3,992.1    20,234.4
                               Total liabilities                                                               1,402.9             7,151.3               1,243.2     6,301.5

                               For the year ended December 31
                               Revenue                                                                         1,869.9              9,625.8              1,532.7     8,031.0
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders                                     464.9              2,395.6                411.2     2,158.0
                               Total comprehensive income                                                        459.5              2,367.7                415.6     2,180.8


                               Rockefeller Capital Management (Rockefeller)
                               Rockefeller is a U.S. independent financial services advisory firm focused on the high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-
                               worth segments.
                               In December 2025, the Company closed transactions with Rockefeller, receiving total proceeds of $394.2 million
                               comprised primarily of a return of capital, as well as an equity sale. The Company’s interest decreased to 17.2%
                               due to the equity sale and adjustment to certain previously issued share-based awards which aligns Rockefeller’s
                               management with long-term equity ownership. As a result, the investment’s carrying value decreased and a gain was
                               recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                               As at December 31, 2025, the Company held a 17.2% ownership interest in Rockefeller (2024 – 20.5%). Significant influence
                               arises from board representation, participating in the policy making process and significant intercompany transactions.
                               The following table sets forth certain summary financial information from Rockefeller:
                                                                                                                                       2025                            2024
                                                                                                            Canadian                    US             Canadian          US
                               (millions)                                                                     Dollars               Dollars              Dollars     Dollars
                               As at December 31




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Total assets                                                                    2,738.9              1,995.5              2,222.8     1,543.5
                               Total liabilities                                                               3,380.7              2,463.1              1,499.5     1,041.3

                               For the year ended December 31
                               Revenue                                                                         1,763.2              1,263.0              1,344.2      980.5
                               Net earnings (losses) available to common shareholders(1)                          49.9                 36.3                (72.3)     (53.1)
                               Total comprehensive income (loss)(1)                                               49.7                 36.2                (72.3)     (53.1)
                               (1) 2025 earnings exclude one-time costs related to the transaction.




                              112 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      C  96                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Northleaf Capital Group Ltd. (Northleaf)
Northleaf is a global private equity, private credit and infrastructure fund manager headquartered in Toronto.
The Company, through an acquisition vehicle held by the Company’s subsidiary, Mackenzie, holds a 49.9% voting
interest and a 70% economic interest in Northleaf. The acquisition vehicle is owned 80% by Mackenzie and 20%
by Lifeco.
Mackenzie and Lifeco have an obligation and right to purchase the remaining economic and voting interest in
Northleaf commencing in approximately five years from the acquisition date and extending into future periods.
The equity method is used to account for the acquisition vehicle’s 70% economic interest as it exercises significant
influence. Significant influence arises from board representation, participation in the policy making process and
shared strategic initiatives.
The Company controls the acquisition vehicle and therefore recognizes the full 70% economic interest in Northleaf
and recognizes Non-controlling interest (NCI) related to Lifeco’s net interest in Northleaf of 14%.
The October 2020 acquisition included additional consideration payable at the end of five years from the transaction
date, subject to Northleaf achieving exceptional growth in certain performance measures over the period. During
2025, final consideration of $140.2 million was achieved and paid, and is reflected in the carrying value of the
Company’s investment as an addition of $100.2 million and $40.0 million in 2025 and 2024, respectively. The portion
attributable to Non-controlling interest was $20.0 million in 2025 (2024 - $8.0 million).
The following table sets forth certain summary financial information from Northleaf:
(millions)                                                                                                       2025             2024
As at December 31
Total assets                                                                                             $      240.6 $       200.0
Total liabilities                                                                                               145.3         148.8

For the year ended December 31
Revenue                                                                                                  $      201.4 $       173.8
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                    47.1          32.1
Total comprehensive income                                                                                       47.1          32.1




                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    113
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      C  97
                               Note 10. Capital assets

                                                                                                              Furniture         Building
                                                                                                                   and               and                Right-of-
                                                                                                            equipment         components               use assets       Total
                               2025
                               Cost                                                                     $      404,068 $             83,245 $            312,668 $    799,981
                               Less: accumulated amortization                                                 (263,265)             (25,384)            (167,579)    (456,228)
                                                                                                        $      140,803 $             57,861 $            145,089 $   343,753
                               Changes in capital assets:
                                Balance, beginning of year                                              $      114,498 $             52,601 $            142,020 $   309,119
                                Additions                                                                       41,820                7,234               28,015      77,069
                                Disposals                                                                         (458)                   –                (1,368)     (1,826)
                                Amortization                                                                   (15,057)              (1,974)             (23,578)    (40,609)
                               Balance, end of year                                                     $      140,803 $             57,861 $            145,089 $   343,753

                               2024
                               Cost                                                                     $      372,329 $             76,011 $            289,155 $    737,495
                               Less: accumulated amortization                                                 (257,831)             (23,410)            (147,135)    (428,376)
                                                                                                        $      114,498 $             52,601 $            142,020 $   309,119
                               Changes in capital assets:
                                Balance, beginning of year                                              $      102,395 $             51,333 $            153,233 $   306,961
                                Additions                                                                       28,210                3,072               15,923      47,205
                                Disposals                                                                        (1,162)                  –                (1,791)     (2,953)
                                Amortization                                                                   (14,945)              (1,804)             (25,345)    (42,094)
                               Balance, end of year                                                     $      114,498 $             52,601 $            142,020 $   309,119


                               Note 11. Capitalized sales commissions

                                                                                                                                                            2025        2024
                               Cost                                                                                                              $       898,432 $    823,148
                               Less: accumulated amortization                                                                                           (457,648)    (404,152)
                                                                                                                                                 $       440,784 $   418,996
                               Changes in capitalized sales commissions
                                Balance, beginning of year                                                                                       $       418,996 $   394,736
                                Changes due to:
                                 Sales of investment funds                                                                                               137,003      129,712
                                 Amortization                                                                                                           (115,215)    (105,452)
                                                                                                                                                          21,788      24,260
                               Balance, end of year                                                                                              $       440,784 $   418,996




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              114 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  98                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Note 12. Goodwill and intangible assets

                                                                              Finite life                       Indefinite life
                                                                            Distribution          Investment
                                                                             and other                  fund                              Total
                                                                            management            management            Trade       intangible
                                                              Software        contracts             contracts          names             assets    Goodwill
2025
Cost                                                     $      468,570 $      250,580        $      717,504 $        285,177 $ 1,721,831 $ 2,636,771
Less: accumulated amortization                                 (313,390)      (117,756)                    –                –    (431,146)          –
                                                         $      155,180 $      132,824        $      717,504 $        285,177 $ 1,290,685 $ 2,636,771
Changes in goodwill and intangible assets:
 Balance, beginning of year                              $      152,857 $      121,662        $      717,504 $        285,177 $ 1,277,200 $ 2,636,771
 Additions                                                       41,204         29,734                     –                –      70,938           –
 Disposals                                                            –              –                     –                –           –           –
 Amortization                                                   (38,881)       (18,572)                    –                –     (57,453)          –
Balance, end of year                                     $      155,180 $      132,824        $      717,504 $        285,177 $ 1,290,685 $ 2,636,771

2024
Cost                                                     $      417,648 $      220,854        $      717,504 $        285,177 $ 1,641,183 $ 2,636,771
Less: accumulated amortization                                 (264,791)       (99,192)                    –                –    (363,983)          –
                                                         $      152,857 $      121,662        $      717,504 $        285,177 $ 1,277,200 $ 2,636,771
Changes in goodwill and intangible assets:
 Balance, beginning of year                              $      143,597 $      104,434        $      717,504 $        285,177 $ 1,250,712 $ 2,636,771
 Additions                                                       45,624         31,638                     –                –      77,262           –
 Disposals                                                            –           (193)                    –                –        (193)          –
 Amortization                                                   (36,364)       (14,217)                    –                –     (50,581)          –
Balance, end of year                                     $      152,857 $      121,662        $      717,504 $        285,177 $ 1,277,200 $ 2,636,771

The goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets consisting of investment fund management contracts and trade names
are allocated to each cash generating unit (CGU) as summarized in the following table:
                                                                                                                       2025                               2024
                                                                                                                  Indefinite                       Indefinite
                                                                                                                         life                             life
                                                                                                                 intangible                       intangible
                                                                                              Goodwill                assets        Goodwill           assets
Wealth Management                                                                           $ 1,346,245 $         –               $ 1,346,245 $         –
Asset Management                                                                              1,290,526   1,002,681                 1,290,526   1,002,681
Total                                                                                       $ 2,636,771 $ 1,002,681               $ 2,636,771 $ 1,002,681

The Company tests whether goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets are impaired by assessing the carrying
amounts with the recoverable amounts. The recoverable amount of the Company’s CGUs is based on the best available




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
evidence of fair value less costs of disposal.
In assessing the recoverable amounts, valuation approaches are used that may include application of capitalization
multiples to financial and operating metrics based upon precedent acquisition transactions and trading comparables
and discounted cash flow analysis. Valuation multiples may include price-to-earnings or other conventionally used
measures for investment managers or other financial service providers (multiples of value to assets under management,
revenues, or other measures of profitability). This assessment may give regard to a variety of relevant considerations,
including expected growth, risk and capital market conditions, among other factors. The valuation multiples used in
assessing fair value represent Level 2 fair value inputs. Assumptions and estimates employed in discounted cash flows
include future changes in assets under management resulting from net sales and investment returns, pricing and profit
margin changes and discount rates, which represent level 3 fair value inputs.



                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                           115
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                             C  99
                               The fair value less costs of disposal of the Company’s CGUs was compared with the carrying amount and it was
                               determined there was no impairment. Changes in assumptions and estimates used in determining the recoverable
                               amounts of CGUs can result in significant adjustments to the valuation of the CGUs.


                               Note 13. Client deposits

                               Client deposits are classified as other financial liabilities measured at amortized cost and at December 31, 2025 were all
                               due on demand.


                               Note 14. Other liabilities

                                                                                                                                                         2025        2024
                               Dividends payable                                                                                                 $     132,359 $   133,817
                               Interest payable                                                                                                         31,594      33,199
                               Accrued benefit liabilities (Note 15)                                                                                    85,602      85,370
                               Provisions                                                                                                               19,223      32,281
                               Other                                                                                                                    86,682     124,857
                                                                                                                                                 $     355,460 $   409,524

                               The Company establishes restructuring provisions related to business acquisitions, divestitures and other items, as well
                               as other provisions in the normal course of its operations. Changes in provisions during 2025 consisted of additional
                               estimates of $3.1 million (2024 – $5.6 million), provision reversals of $2.4 million (2024 – $1.3 million) and payments of
                               $13.8 million (2024 – $37.9 million).
                               Total other liabilities of $248.0 million as at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $300.4 million) are expected to be settled within
                               one year.


                               Note 15. Employee benefits

                               Defined benefit plans
                               The Company maintains a number of employee pension and post-employment benefit plans. These plans include
                               a funded registered defined benefit pension plan for all eligible employees, unfunded supplementary executive
                               retirement plans (SERPs) for certain executive officers, and an unfunded post-employment health care, dental and life
                               insurance plan for eligible retirees.
                               Effective July 1, 2012, the defined benefit pension plan was closed to new members. For all eligible employees hired
                               after July 1, 2012, the Company has a registered defined contribution pension plan.
                               The defined benefit pension plan is a separate trust that is legally separated from the Company and is registered




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               under the Pension Benefits Act of Manitoba (Act) and the Income Tax Act (ITA). As required by the Act, the defined
                               benefit pension plan is governed by a pension committee which includes current and retired employees. The Pension
                               Committee has certain responsibilities as described in the Act but may delegate certain activities to the Company. The
                               ITA governs the employer’s ability to make contributions and also has parameters that the plan must meet with respect
                               to investments in foreign property.
                               The defined benefit pension plan provides lifetime pension benefits to all eligible employees based on length of
                               service and final average earnings subject to limits established by the ITA. Death benefits are available on the death
                               of an active member or a retired member.
                               Employees who are not senior officers are required to make annual contributions based on a percentage of salaries
                               which are subject to a maximum amount.


                              116 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     C  100                                                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
The actuarial valuation for funding purposes related to the Company’s registered defined benefit pension plan, based
on a measurement date of December 31, 2024, was completed during 2025. The valuation determines the plan surplus
or deficit on both a solvency and going concern basis. The solvency basis determines the relationship between the
plan assets and its liabilities assuming that the plan is wound up and settled on the valuation date. A going concern
valuation compares the relationship between the plan assets and the present value of the expected future benefit
cash flows, assuming the plan will be maintained indefinitely. Based on the actuarial valuation, the registered pension
plan had a solvency surplus of $118.5 million compared to a solvency surplus of $70.5 million in the previous actuarial
valuation, which was based on a measurement date of December 31, 2022. The improvement in the funded status
resulted largely from asset and interest rate increases. The registered pension plan had a going concern surplus of
$188.7 million compared to $127.4 million in the previous valuation. The next actuarial valuation will be based on a
measurement date no later than December 31, 2027. During the year, the Company was not required to make any
contributions (2024 – nil). IGM Financial has a contribution holiday and is not permitted to make contributions to the
pension plan until the next measurement date. Pension contribution decisions are subject to change, as contributions
are affected by many factors including market performance, regulatory requirements, changes in assumptions and
management’s ability to change funding policy.
The SERPs are non-registered, non-contributory defined benefit plans which provide supplementary benefits to
certain retired executives.
The other post-employment benefit plan is a non-contributory plan and provides eligible employees a reimbursement
of medical costs or a fixed amount per year to cover medical costs during retirement.
The SERPs and other post-employment benefit plans are managed by the Company with oversight from the Board
of Directors.
The defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks such as mortality risk which represents life expectancy
and impacts the calculation of the obligations; interest rate risk which impacts the discount rate used to calculate the
obligations and the actual return on plan assets; salary risk as estimated salary increases are used in the calculation of
the obligations; and investment risk as the nature of the investments impact the actual return on the plan assets. The
risks are managed by regular monitoring of the plans, applicable regulations and other factors that could impact the
Company’s expenses and cash flows.




                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   117
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    C  101
                               Plan assets, benefit obligations and funded status:
                                                                                                                   2025                                                    2024
                                                                                Defined                          Other              Defined                                Other
                                                                                 benefit                         post-               benefit                               post-
                                                                                pension                     employment              pension                           employment
                                                                                   plan         SERPs         benefits                 plan               SERPs         benefits
                               Fair value of plan assets
                                Balance, beginning of year                  $   593,653 $           – $                 –     $      536,031 $                – $              –
                                Employee contributions                            1,397             –                   –              1,506                  –                –
                                Employer contributions                                –             –                   –                  –                  –                –
                                Benefits paid                                   (27,495)            –                   –            (22,733)                 –                –
                                Interest income                                  27,664             –                   –             24,482                  –                –
                                Remeasurements:
                                 Return on plan assets                              14,364          –                   –              54,367                 –                –
                                Balance, end of year                            609,583             –                   –            593,653                  –                –
                               Accrued benefit obligation
                                Balance, beginning of year                      476,206        62,226            23,144              474,439             59,462           25,726
                                Benefits paid                                   (27,495)       (3,799)           (2,084)             (22,733)            (3,568)          (2,130)
                                Current service cost                             11,444         1,138               127               13,479              1,260              173
                                Employee contributions                            1,397             –                 –                1,506                  –                –
                                Interest expense                                 22,086         2,587               992               21,618              2,566            1,142
                                Remeasurements:
                                 Actuarial losses (gains)
                                   Demographic assumption                              –          559                  –                (4,038)               –           (1,420)
                                   Experience adjustments                          5,236        2,222               (600)                 (131)           1,993             (529)
                                   Financial assumptions                         (18,329)        (655)              (255)               (7,934)             513              182
                                Balance, end of year                            470,545        64,278            21,324              476,206             62,226           23,144
                               Accrued benefit asset (liability)            $   139,038 $      (64,278) $      (21,324)       $      117,447 $           (62,226) $      (23,144)
                               Effect of asset ceiling                           (41,595)           –                   –                     –               –                –
                               Accrued benefit asset (liability)            $       97,443 $   (64,278) $      (21,324)       $      117,447 $           (62,226) $      (23,144)

                               The International Financial Reporting Interpretation Committee’s The Limit on a Defined Benefit Asset, Minimum
                               Funding Requirements and their Interaction (IFRIC 14) requires a company to limit the defined benefit asset, when a
                               defined benefit plan is in a net asset position, to the future economic benefit received through future contribution
                               reductions (asset ceiling). As a result of IFRIC 14, the Company was limited to recording an accrued benefit asset of
                               $97.4 million on its defined benefit pension plan resulting in an unrecorded accrued benefit asset of $41.6 million.
                               The change in the unrecognized amount due to the asset ceiling is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                           2025            2024
                               Balance, beginning of year                                                                                          $          – $              –
                               Change in unrecognized amount due to asset ceiling                                                                        41,595                –




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Balance, end of year                                                                                                $     41,595 $              –




                              118 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                     C  102                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Significant actuarial assumptions used to calculate the defined benefit obligation:
                                                                                                        2025                                              2024
                                                                    Defined                             Other        Defined                          Other
                                                                     benefit                            post-         benefit                         post-
                                                                    pension                        employment        pension                     employment
                                                                       plan             SERPs        benefits           plan           SERPs       benefits
Discount rate                                                          5.00%      4.40%-4.80%          4.70%           4.75%      4.25%-4.65%         4.55%
Rate of compensation increase                                          3.75%            3.75%            N/A           3.75%            3.75%           N/A
Health care cost trend rate(1)                                           N/A              N/A          5.10%             N/A              N/A         5.20%
Mortality rates at age 65 for
current pensioners                                               23.2 years          23.2 years     23.2 years   23.1 years         23.1 years     23.1 years
(1) Trending to 4.00% in 2040 and remaining at that rate thereafter.


The weighted average duration of the pension plans’ defined benefit obligation at the end of the reporting period is
14.2 years (2024 – 16.9 years).
Benefit expense:
                                                                                                        2025                                              2024
                                                                       Defined                          Other          Defined                        Other
                                                                        benefit                         post-           benefit                       post-
                                                                       pension                     employment          pension                   employment
                                                                          plan          SERPs        benefits             plan         SERPs       benefits
Current service cost                                            $        11,444 $        1,138 $         127     $      13,479 $       1,260 $          173
Net interest cost                                                        (5,578)         2,587           992            (2,864)        2,566          1,142
                                                                $          5,866 $       3,725 $        1,119    $      10,615 $       3,826 $        1,315




                                                                                                                                                                 PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                                 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                  119
                                 P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                   C  103
                               Sensitivity analysis:
                               The calculation of the accrued benefit liability and the related benefit expense are sensitive to the significant actuarial
                               assumptions. The following table presents the sensitivity analysis:
                                                                                                                                    2025                                      2024
                                                                                                              Increase          Increase                 Increase         Increase
                                                                                                           (decrease)         (decrease)               (decrease)       (decrease)
                                                                                                            in liability     in expense                 in liability   in expense
                               Defined benefit pension plan
                                Discount rate (+ / - 0.25%)
                                 Increase                                                              $      (17,296) $            (1,819)      $        (18,850) $        (1,895)
                                 Decrease                                                                      18,327                1,821                 20,007            1,900
                                Rate of compensation increase (+ / - 0.25%)
                                 Increase                                                                        3,908                 393                   4,888            464
                                 Decrease                                                                       (3,884)               (391)                 (4,843)          (460)
                                Mortality
                                 Increase 1 year                                                                 7,515                 503                   7,874            515
                               SERPs
                                Discount rate (+ / - 0.25%)
                                 Increase                                                                       (1,152)                  69                 (1,147)             75
                                 Decrease                                                                        1,192                  (73)                 1,188             (79)
                                Rate of compensation increase (+ / - 0.25%)
                                 Increase                                                                            25                    8                     12                4
                                 Decrease                                                                           (22)                  (6)                   (12)              (3)
                                Mortality
                                 Increase 1 year                                                                 1,034                   49                  1,060             49
                               Other post-employment benefits
                                Discount rate (+ / - 0.25%)
                                 Increase                                                                         (412)                  28                   (451)             29
                                 Decrease                                                                          428                  (29)                   469             (31)
                                Health care cost trend rates (+ / - 1.00%)
                                 Increase                                                                          261                   12                    250              11
                                 Decrease                                                                         (235)                 (11)                  (224)            (10)
                                Mortality
                                 Increase 1 year                                                                   510                   25                    500             24

                               The sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In
                               practice, this is unlikely to occur as changes in certain assumptions may be correlated.
                               Asset allocation of defined benefit pension plan by asset category:
                                                                                                                                                           2025            2024
                               Equity securities                                                                                                            43.8%           49.2%
                               Fixed income securities                                                                                                      35.5            31.0




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Alternative strategies                                                                                                       19.4            18.6
                               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     1.3             1.2
                                                                                                                                                          100.0%          100.0%

                               The defined benefit pension plan adheres to its Statement of Investment Policies and Procedures which includes
                               investment objectives, asset allocation guidelines and investment limits by asset class. The defined benefit pension
                               plan assets are invested in investment funds with the exception of cash on deposit with Schedule I Canadian
                               chartered banks.




                              120 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  104                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Defined contribution pension plans
The Company maintains a number of defined contribution pension plans for eligible employees. The total expense
recorded in Advisory and business development and Operations and support expenses was $11.2 million (2024 –
$10.1 million).

Group Retirement Savings Plan (RSP)
The Company maintains a group RSP for eligible employees. The Company’s contributions are recorded in Advisory and
business development and Operations and support expenses as paid and totalled $10.8 million (2024 – $10.7 million).


Note 16. Income taxes

Income tax expense:
                                                                                                                      2025             2024
Income taxes recognized in net earnings
Current taxes
 Tax on current year’s earnings                                                                               $    309,787 $     260,309
 Global minimum tax                                                                                                    321           154
 Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                                                (150)          917
                                                                                                                   309,958       261,380
Deferred taxes                                                                                                      23,948        10,791
                                                                                                              $    333,906 $     272,171

Effective income tax rate:
                                                                                                                   2025          2024
Income taxes at Canadian federal and provincial statutory rates                                                    26.60 %       26.57 %
 Effect of:
  Proportionate share of associates’ earnings (Note 9)                                                             (3.96)        (3.73)
  Gain on partial sales of investment in associates                                                                 0.46             –
  Tax loss consolidation                                                                                               –         (0.39)
  Other items                                                                                                       0.07          0.05
Effective income tax rate                                                                                          23.17 %       22.50 %

The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) introduced a 15% Global minimum tax (GMT)
regime that has been adopted for 2025 by all countries in which the Company has significant operations, other than
the United States. Legislation has been enacted by Canada, Ireland and the UK in 2024. On June 6, 2025, Hong Kong
enacted GMT legislation to be effective retroactively to January 1, 2025.
The global minimum tax is complex in nature and will apply to the Company as part of a larger related group of
companies. The amount of tax is not expected to be material to the Company.




                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
The Company has applied the mandatory temporary exception in IAS 12, whereby it is not recognizing and disclosing
information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the GMT.




                                            IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    121
                            P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    C  105
                               Deferred income taxes
                               Composition and changes in net deferred taxes are as follows:
                                                                     Accrued                       Capitalized
                                                                       benefit      Loss carry-          sales        Intangible               Other
                                                                     liabilities      forwards     commissions             assets        investments                Other           Total
                               2025
                               Balance, beginning of year    $          (8,635) $       16,211 $     (111,234) $        (288,692) $          (143,717) $           (23,744) $   (559,811)
                                Recognized in statements of:
                                 Earnings                                1,287         (15,310)        (4,245)              (3,847)              3,255              (5,088)       (23,948)
                                 Other comprehensive income              4,136            1,703             –                    –           (128,971)              (1,723)     (124,855)
                                 Equity                                      –           (1,809)            –                    –              (1,169)                  –          (2,978)
                                Foreign exchange rate
                                charges and other                             –              –               –                     –                   2                71             73
                               Balance, end of year              $      (3,212) $          795 $     (115,479) $        (292,539) $          (270,600) $           (30,484) $   (711,519)

                               2024
                               Balance, beginning of year    $           6,328 $         4,422 $     (104,953) $         (282,475) $           (59,314) $           (2,962) $   (438,954)
                                Recognized in statements of:
                                 Earnings                               2,698           11,789          (6,281)             (6,217)              (1,452)           (11,328)       (10,791)
                                 Other comprehensive income           (17,661)               –               –                   –             (82,956)              (9,448)    (110,065)
                                 Equity                                     –                –               –                   –                    6                   –             6
                                Foreign exchange rate
                                charges and other                             –              –               –                     –                   (1)               (6)            (7)
                               Balance, end of year              $      (8,635) $       16,211 $     (111,234) $         (288,692) $         (143,717) $           (23,744) $   (559,811)

                               Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                     2025           2024
                               Deferred income tax assets                                                                                                    $       2,206 $       3,486
                               Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                                                    (713,725)     (563,297)
                                                                                                                                                             $ (711,519) $      (559,811)

                               As at December 31, 2025, the Company and its subsidiaries have deductible temporary differences related to its
                               investments in associates of $81.7 million (2024 – $18.4 million) for which the benefits have not been recognized.


                               Note 17. Long-term debt

                               Maturity                                                                                                         Rate                 2025           2024
                               January 26, 2027                                                                                                  3.44% $           400,000 $    400,000
                               December 13, 2027                                                                                                6.65%              125,000      125,000
                               May 9, 2031                                                                                                       7.45%             150,000      150,000




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               December 31, 2032                                                                                                 7.00%             175,000      175,000
                               March 7, 2033                                                                                                     7.11%             150,000      150,000
                               December 10, 2040                                                                                                6.00%              200,000      200,000
                               January 25, 2047                                                                                                 4.56%              200,000      200,000
                               December 9, 2047                                                                                                4.115%              250,000      250,000
                               July 13, 2048                                                                                                   4.174%              200,000      200,000
                               March 21, 2050                                                                                                  4.206%              250,000      250,000
                               May 26, 2053                                                                                                    5.426%              300,000      300,000
                                                                                                                                                             $ 2,400,000 $ 2,400,000




                              122 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  106                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Long-term debt consists of unsecured debentures which are redeemable by the Company, in whole or in part, at any
time, at the greater of par and a formula price based upon yields at the time of redemption.
Long-term debt is classified as other financial liabilities and is carried at amortized cost.
Interest expense relating to long-term debt was $122.9 million (2024 – $123.0 million).


Note 18. Share capital

Authorized
  Unlimited number of:
   First preferred shares, issuable in series
   Second preferred shares, issuable in series
   Class 1 non-voting shares
   Common shares, no par value

Issued and outstanding
                                                                                                   2025                             2024
                                                                                 Shares     Stated value       Shares      Stated value
Common shares:
 Balance, beginning of year                                                 237,878,838 $     1,785,233    238,131,738 $     1,690,626
 Issued under Stock Option Plan (Note 20)                                     3,134,535         127,176      2,835,500         116,857
 Purchased for cancellation                                                  (5,875,500)        (45,354)    (3,088,400)        (22,250)
 Balance, end of year                                                       235,137,873 $     1,867,055    237,878,838 $     1,785,233


Normal course issuer bid
On December 23, 2025, the Company commenced a Normal Course Issuer Bid (NCIB) which will continue until
December 22, 2026, when the bid expires, or such earlier date as the Company completes its purchases pursuant to
the notice of intention filed with the TSX. Pursuant to this bid, the Company may purchase up to 11.8 million or 5.0%
of its common shares outstanding as at December 9, 2025.
On December 23, 2024, the Company commenced an NCIB which was effective until December 22, 2025. Pursuant
to this bid, the Company was authorized to purchase up to 5.0 million or 2.1% of its common shares outstanding as
at December 9, 2024. On November 13, 2025, the Company amended its NCIB to increase the maximum number
of common shares that can be repurchased to 6.0 million shares or 2.5% of its common shares outstanding as at
December 9, 2024.
In the year ended December 31, 2025, there were 5,875,500 common shares (2024 – 3,088,400) purchased at a cost
of $293.8 million (2024 – $122.5 million). The premium paid to purchase the shares in excess of the stated value was
charged to Retained earnings.
In connection with its NCIB, the Company has established an automatic securities purchase plan for its common shares.




                                                                                                                                           PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
The automatic securities purchase plan provides standard instructions regarding how IGM Financial’s common shares are
to be purchased under the NCIB during certain pre-determined trading blackout periods, subject to pre-established
parameters. Outside of these pre-determined trading blackout periods, purchases under the Company’s NCIB will be
completed based upon management’s discretion.




                                        IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     123
                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                      C  107
                               Note 19. Capital management

                               The Company’s capital management objective is to maximize shareholder returns while ensuring that the Company
                               is capitalized in a manner which appropriately supports regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs and
                               business expansion. The Company’s capital management practices are focused on preserving the quality of its financial
                               position by maintaining a solid capital base and a strong balance sheet. Capital of the Company consists of long-term
                               debt and shareholders’ equity. The Company regularly assesses its capital management practices in response to
                               changing economic conditions.
                               The Company’s capital is primarily utilized in its ongoing business operations to support working capital requirements,
                               long-term investments made by the Company, business expansion and other strategic objectives. Subsidiaries
                               subject to regulatory capital requirements include the investment dealer, exempt market dealer, portfolio managers,
                               investment fund managers and a trust company. These subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum levels of capital
                               based on either working capital, liquidity or shareholders’ equity. The Company’s subsidiaries have complied with all
                               regulatory capital requirements.
                               The total outstanding long-term debt was $2.4 billion at December 31, 2025, unchanged from December 31,
                               2024. Long-term debt is comprised of debentures which are senior unsecured debt obligations of the Company
                               subject to standard covenants, including negative pledges, but which do not include any specified financial or
                               operational covenants.
                               The Company purchased 5,875,500 common shares during the year ended December 31, 2025 at a cost of
                               $293.8 million under its NCIB, compared to 3,088,400 common shares during the year ended December 31, 2024,
                               at a cost of $122.5 million (Note 18). The Company commenced an NCIB on December 23, 2025, to purchase for
                               cancellation up to 11.8 million of its common shares. The program will be used to mitigate the dilutive effect of stock
                               options issued under the Company’s stock option plan and for other capital management purposes.
                               Other activities in 2025 included the declaration of common share dividends of $531.5 million or $2.25 per share.
                               Changes in common share capital are reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity.


                               Note 20. Share-based payments

                               Stock option plan
                               Under the terms of the Company’s Stock Option Plan (Plan), options to purchase common shares are periodically
                               granted to employees at prices not less than the weighted average trading price per common share on the Toronto
                               Stock Exchange for the five trading days preceding the date of the grant. The options are subject to time vesting
                               conditions set out at the grant date. Options vest over a period of up to 7.5 years from the grant date and are
                               exercisable no later than 10 years after the grant date. At December 31, 2025, 11,717,668 (2024 – 14,852,203) common
                               shares were reserved for issuance under the Plan.
                               During 2025, the Company granted 539,310 options to employees (2024 – 673,814). The weighted-average fair value
                               of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2025, has been estimated at $6.58 per option (2024 – $4.15)




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted-average closing share price at the grant dates was $45.18
                               (2024 – $35.57). Other assumptions used in these valuation models include:
                                                                                                                                                        2025           2024
                               Exercise price                                                                                                     $      44.55    $     35.68
                               Risk-free interest rate                                                                                                    3.09%          3.61%
                               Expected option life                                                                                                    7 years        7 years
                               Expected volatility                                                                                                       24.00%         24.00%
                               Expected dividend yield                                                                                                    4.98%          6.33%

                               Expected volatility has been estimated based on the historic volatility of the Company’s share price over seven years
                               which is reflective of the expected option life. The average share price in 2025 was $48.02 (2024 – $38.68).


                              124 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  108                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
The Company recorded compensation expense related to its stock option program of $3.6 million (2024 – $3.4 million).
                                                                                                          2025                             2024
                                                                                                    Weighted-                      Weighted-
                                                                                                     average                        average
                                                                                      Number          exercise        Number         exercise
                                                                                    of options           price      of options          price
Balance, beginning of year                                                           8,026,118 $         38.68      10,902,118 $        39.74
Granted                                                                                539,310           44.55         673,814          35.68
Exercised                                                                           (3,134,535)          38.19      (2,835,500)         38.85
Forfeited                                                                                (3,257)         43.00        (714,314)         51.35
Balance, end of year                                                                5,427,636 $          39.54       8,026,118 $        38.68
Exercisable, end of year                                                            2,654,864 $          38.12       4,786,815 $        38.07

                                                                                Expiry             Exercise          Options          Options
Options outstanding at December 31, 2025                                         date               price $      outstanding       exercisable
                                                                                  2026     34.88 – 38.17              35,901           35,901
                                                                                  2027     39.71 – 41.74             147,709          147,709
                                                                                  2028     37.58 – 40.10             118,468          118,468
                                                                                  2029     34.29 – 36.91             150,636          150,636
                                                                                  2030     31.85 – 38.65           1,085,890        1,085,890
                                                                                  2031     35.01 – 46.02             805,807          498,173
                                                                                  2032     36.57 – 45.56           1,207,495          618,087
                                                                                  2033     39.02 – 42.54             662,606                –
                                                                                  2034     35.65 – 38.10             673,814                –
                                                                                  2035     43.97 – 44.55             539,310                –
                                                                                                                   5,427,636        2,654,864

Share unit plans
The Company has share unit plans for eligible employees to assist in retaining and further aligning the interests of
senior management with those of the shareholders. These plans include Performance Share Unit (PSU), Deferred Share
Unit (DSU) and Restricted Share Unit (RSU) plans. Under the terms of the plans, share units are awarded annually and are
subject to time vesting conditions. In addition, the PSU and DSU plans are subject to performance vesting conditions.
The value of each share unit is based on the share price of the Company’s common shares. The PSUs and RSUs are cash
settled and vest over a three year period. Certain employees can elect at the time of grant to receive a portion of their
PSUs in the form of deferred share units which vest over a three year period. Deferred share units are redeemable
when a participant is no longer an employee of the Company or any of its affiliates by a lump sum payment based
on the value of the deferred share unit at that time. Additional share units are issued in respect of dividends payable
on common shares based on a value of the share unit at the dividend payment date. The Company recorded
compensation expense, excluding the impact of hedging, of $57.9 million in 2025 (2024 – $37.9 million) and a liability
of $91.6 million at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $57.6 million).




                                                                                                                                                  PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Share purchase plans
Under the Company’s share purchase plans, eligible employees can elect each year to have a percentage of their
annual earnings withheld, subject to a maximum, to purchase the Company’s common shares. The Company matches
50% of the contribution amounts. All contributions are used by the plan trustee to purchase common shares in the
open market. Shares purchased with Company contributions vest after a maximum period of two years following the
date of purchase. The Company’s contributions are recorded in Advisory and business development and Operations
and support expenses as paid and totalled $5.3 million (2024 – $4.6 million).

Deferred share unit plan
The Company has a Deferred Share Unit (DSU) plan for the directors of the Company to promote a greater alignment
of interests between directors and shareholders of the Company. Under the terms of the plan, directors are required

                                           IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS         125
                           P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                          C  109
                               to receive 50% of their annual board retainer in the form of DSUs and may elect to receive the balance of their annual
                               board retainer in cash or DSUs. Directors may elect to receive certain fees in a combination of DSUs and cash. The
                               number of DSUs granted is determined by dividing the amount of remuneration payable by the average closing price
                               on the Toronto Stock Exchange of the common shares of the Company on the last five days of the fiscal quarter (value
                               of DSU). A director who has elected to receive DSUs will receive additional DSUs in respect of dividends payable on
                               common shares, based on the value of a DSU at the dividend payment date. DSUs are redeemable when a participant
                               is no longer a director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its affiliates by cash payments, based on the
                               value of the DSUs at that time. At December 31, 2025, the fair value of the DSUs outstanding was $64.9 million (2024
                               – $45.4 million). Any difference between the change in fair value of the DSUs and the change in fair value of the total
                               return swap, which is an economic hedge for the DSU plan, is recognized in Operations and support expense in the
                               period in which the change occurs.


                               Note 21. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

                                                                                                                                                    Investment
                                                                                                                                                              in
                                                                                                             Employee                Other            associates
                                                                                                              benefits         investments           and other          Total
                               2025
                               Balance, beginning of year                                                $       34,075 $           917,297 $           118,685 $ 1,070,057
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                (11,275)            841,074             (18,465)    811,334
                               Disposal of investment in associate (Note 9)                                           –                   –               (2,357)     (2,357)
                               Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                 –             (19,076)                   –    (19,076)
                               Balance, end of year                                                      $       22,800 $ 1,739,295 $                    97,863 $ 1,859,958

                               2024
                               Balance, beginning of year                                                $      (13,995) $          393,956 $           (63,671) $   316,290
                               Other comprehensive income (loss)                                                 48,070             523,303             182,356      753,729
                               Transfer out of FVTOCI                                                                 –                  38                   –           38
                               Balance, end of year                                                      $       34,075 $           917,297 $           118,685 $ 1,070,057

                               Amounts are recorded net of tax.
                               The Company recorded after-tax gains in Other comprehensive income of $841.1 million (2024 – $523.3 million) due
                               to fair value changes in the Company’s investments, primarily related to fair value adjustments on Wealthsimple.


                               Note 22. Risk management

                               The Company actively manages its liquidity, credit and market risks.

                               Liquidity and funding risk related to financial instruments




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Liquidity and funding risk is the risk of an inability to generate or obtain sufficient cash in a timely and cost-effective
                               manner to meet contractual or anticipated commitments as they come due or arise.
                               Our liquidity profile is structured to ensure we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy current and prospective requirements
                               in both normal and stressed conditions. The Company’s liquidity management practices include:
                               • Maintaining liquid assets and lines of credit to satisfy near term liquidity needs.
                               • Ensuring effective controls over liquidity management processes.
                               • Performing regular cash forecasts and stress testing.
                               • Regular assessment of capital market conditions and the Company’s ability to access bank and capital market funding.
                               • Ongoing efforts to diversify and expand long-term mortgage funding sources.


                              126 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  110                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
• Oversight of liquidity and funding risks by an internal Financial Risk Management Committee.
A key funding requirement is the funding of advisor network compensation paid for the distribution of financial
products and services. This compensation continues to be paid from operating cash flows.
The Company also maintains sufficient liquidity to fund and temporarily hold mortgages, which include home
equity lines of credit (HELOCs), pending sale or securitization to long-term funding sources and to manage any
derivative collateral requirements. Through its mortgage banking operations, residential mortgages are sold to third
parties including certain mutual funds, institutional investors through private placements, Canadian bank-sponsored
securitization trusts, and by issuance and sale of National Housing Act Mortgage Backed Securities (NHA MBS)
including sales to Canada Housing Trust under the Canada Mortgage Bond Program (CMB Program).
Certain subsidiaries of the Company are approved issuers of NHA MBS and are approved sellers into the CMB
Program. Capacity for sales under the CMB Program consists of participation in new CMB issues and reinvestment of
principal repayments held in the Principal Reinvestment Accounts.
The Company maintains committed capacity within certain Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts.
The Company accesses the unsecured long-term debt markets for corporate purposes and ensures a well-diversified
maturity structure to manage associated funding risks.
The Company’s contractual maturities of certain financial liabilities were as follows:
                                                                                                  Less than                          After
As at December 31, 2025 ($ millions)                                               Demand            1 year          1–5 years     5 years            Total
Derivative financial instruments                                               $          – $            6.8 $             8.4 $         – $        15.2
Client deposits(1)                                                                  4,299.1                –                 –           –       4,299.1
Obligations to securitization entities                                                    –          1,278.9           3,532.1         4.3       4,815.3
Leases(2)                                                                                 –             27.6              95.7        95.4         218.7
Long-term debt                                                                            –                –             525.0     1,875.0       2,400.0
Total contractual maturities                                                   $    4,299.1 $        1,313.3 $         4,161.2 $   1,974.7 $    11,748.3
(1) Client deposits are primarily offset by client funds held on deposit.
(2) Includes remaining lease payments related to office space and equipment used in the normal course of business.


In addition to the Company’s current balance of cash and cash equivalents, liquidity is available through the
Company’s lines of credit. The Company’s lines of credit with various Schedule I Canadian chartered banks totalled
$800 million at December 31, 2025, unchanged from December 31, 2024. The lines of credit at December 31, 2025
consisted of committed lines of $650 million and uncommitted lines of $150 million, unchanged from December 31,
2024. Any advances made by a bank under the uncommitted lines of credit are at the bank’s sole discretion. As
at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, the Company was not utilizing its committed lines of credit or its
uncommitted lines of credit.
The Company’s liquidity position and its management of liquidity and funding risk have not changed materially since
December 31, 2024.

Credit risk related to financial instruments




                                                                                                                                                              PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
This is the risk of financial loss to the Company if a counterparty to a transaction fails to meet its obligations. The
Company is exposed to credit risk through its cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, mortgage portfolio,
and use of over-the-counter derivatives. The Company monitors its credit risk management practices on an ongoing
basis to evaluate their effectiveness.
At December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents of $1,274.2 million (2024 – $910.3 million) consisted of cash balances
of $676.7 million (2024 – $545.0 million) primarily on deposit with Canadian chartered banks and cash equivalents of
$597.5 million (2024 – $365.3 million). Cash equivalents are comprised of Government of Canada treasury bills totalling
$0.5 million (2024 – $37.9 million), provincial government treasury bills and promissory notes of $553.8 million (2024 –
$289.5 million), and bank term deposits of $43.2 million (2024 – $37.9 million).



                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                127
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                 C  111
                               The Company manages credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents by adhering to its corporate investment and
                               counterparty credit risk management policies that outline credit risk parameters and concentration limits. The Company
                               regularly reviews the credit ratings of its counterparties. The maximum exposure to credit risk on these financial
                               instruments is their carrying value.
                               Client funds on deposit of $4.3 billion (2024 – $3.7 billion) are held with Schedule I chartered banks.
                               At December 31, 2025, residential mortgages including HELOCs, recorded on the Company’s balance sheet,
                               of $5.3 billion (2024 – $5.5 billion) consisted of $4.8 billion sold to securitization programs (2024 – $5.1 billion),
                               $492.9 million held pending sale or securitization (2024 – $405.7 million) and $9.9 million related to the Company’s
                               intermediary operations (2024 – $11.2 million).
                               The Company manages credit risk related to residential mortgages through:
                               • Adhering to its lending policy and underwriting standards;
                               • Its loan servicing capabilities;
                               • Use of client-insured mortgage default insurance and mortgage portfolio default insurance held by the Company; and
                               • Its practice of originating its mortgages exclusively through its own network of Mortgage Advisors and IG Wealth
                                 Management advisors as part of a client’s IG Living Plan™.
                               In certain instances, credit risk is also limited by the terms and nature of securitization transactions as described below:
                               • Under the NHA MBS program totalling $2.6 billion (2024 – $2.5 billion), the Company is obligated to make timely
                                 payment of principal and coupons irrespective of whether such payments were received from the mortgage
                                 borrower. However, as required by the NHA MBS program, 100% of the loans are insured by an approved insurer.
                               • Credit risk for mortgages securitized by transfer to bank-sponsored securitization trusts totalling $2.2 billion (2024
                                 – $2.6 billion) is limited to amounts held in cash reserve accounts and future net interest income, the fair values of
                                 which were $53.7 million (2024 – $62.7 million) and $51.4 million (2024 – $38.0 million), respectively, at December 31,
                                 2025. Cash reserve accounts are reflected on the balance sheet, whereas rights to future net interest income are not
                                 reflected on the balance sheet and will be recorded over the life of the mortgages.
                               At December 31, 2025, residential mortgages recorded on the balance sheet were 52.6% insured (2024 – 48.9%).
                               At December 31, 2025, impaired mortgages on these portfolios were $5.5 million, compared to $3.5 million at
                               December 31, 2024. Uninsured non-performing mortgages over 90 days on these portfolios were $3.3 million at
                               December 31, 2025, compared to $2.1 million at December 31, 2024.
                               The Company also retains certain elements of credit risk on mortgage loans sold to the IG Mackenzie Mortgage and
                               Short-Term Income Fund through an agreement to repurchase mortgages in certain circumstances benefiting the
                               funds. These loans are not recorded on the Company’s balance sheet as the Company has transferred substantially all
                               of the risks and rewards of ownership associated with these loans.
                               The Company regularly reviews the credit quality of the mortgages and the adequacy of the allowance for expected
                               credit losses.
                               The Company’s allowance for expected credit losses was $0.7 million at December 31, 2025, compared to $0.8 million
                               at December 31, 2024, and is considered adequate by management to absorb all credit-related losses in the mortgage




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               portfolios based on: i) historical credit performance experience, ii) recent trends in interest rates, iii) current portfolio
                               credit metrics and other relevant characteristics, iv) our strong financial planning relationship with our clients, and
                               v) stress testing of losses under adverse real estate market conditions.
                               The Company’s exposure to and management of credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents, fixed income
                               securities and mortgage portfolios have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.
                               The Company is exposed to credit risk through derivative contracts it utilizes to hedge interest rate risk, to facilitate
                               securitization transactions and to hedge market risk related to certain stock-based compensation arrangements. These
                               derivatives are discussed more fully under the Market risk section.
                               To the extent that the fair value of the derivatives is in a gain position, the Company is exposed to credit risk if its
                               counterparties fail to fulfil their obligations under these arrangements.


                              128 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  112                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
The Company’s derivative activities are managed in accordance with its Derivative Policy which includes counterparty
limits and other parameters to manage counterparty risk. The aggregate credit risk exposure related to derivatives that
are in a gain position of $71.6 million (2024 – $40.4 million) does not give effect to any netting agreements or collateral
arrangements. The exposure to credit risk, considering netting agreements and collateral arrangements and including
rights to future net interest income, was $33.7 million at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $20.6 million). Counterparties are all
Canadian Schedule I chartered banks and, as a result, management has determined that the Company’s overall credit
risk related to derivatives was not significant at December 31, 2025. Management of credit risk related to derivatives
has not changed materially since December 31, 2024.

Market risk related to financial instruments
This is the risk of loss arising from changes in the values of the Company’s financial instruments due to changes in
interest rates, equity prices or foreign exchange rates.

Interest rate risk
The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on its loan portfolio and on certain of the derivative financial instruments
used in the Company’s mortgage banking operations.
The Company manages interest rate risk associated with its mortgage banking operations by entering into interest rate
swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks as follows:
• The Company has in certain instances funded floating rate mortgages with fixed rate Canada Mortgage Bonds as
  part of the securitization transactions under the CMB Program. As part of the CMB Program, the Company is party to
  a swap whereby it is entitled to receive investment returns on reinvested mortgage principal and is obligated to pay
  Canada Mortgage Bond coupons. This swap had a fair value of negative $4.4 million (2024 – negative $3.6 million) and
  an outstanding notional amount of $0.2 billion at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $0.3 billion). The Company enters into
  interest rate swaps with Canadian Schedule I chartered banks to hedge the risk that the interest rates earned on floating
  rate mortgages and reinvestment returns decline. The fair value of these swaps totalled negative $0.3 million (2024 –
  negative $4.3 million), on an outstanding notional amount of $1.2 billion at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $1.4 billion). The
  net fair value of these swaps of negative $4.7 million at December 31, 2025 (2024 – negative $7.9 million) is recorded on
  the balance sheet and has an outstanding notional amount of $1.4 billion (2024 – $1.7 billion).
• The Company is exposed to the impact that changes in interest rates may have on the value of mortgages committed
  to or held pending sale or securitization to long-term funding sources. The Company enters into interest rate
  swaps to hedge the interest rate risk related to funding costs for mortgages held by the Company pending sale
  or securitization. Hedge accounting is applied to the cost of funds on certain securitization activities. The effective
  portion of fair value changes of the associated interest rate swaps are initially recognized in Other comprehensive
  income and subsequently recognized in Wealth Management revenue over the term of the related Obligations to
  securitization entities. The fair value of these swaps was negative $0.1 million (2024 – negative $1.1 million) on an
  outstanding notional amount of $157.2 million at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $166.0 million).
As at December 31, 2025, the impact to annual net earnings of a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have
been an increase of approximately $0.2 million (2024 – increase of $0.5 million). The Company’s exposure to and
management of interest rate risk have not changed materially since December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                                                        PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
Equity price risk
The Company is exposed to equity price risk on its equity investments (Note 5) which are classified as either FVTOCI or
FVTPL, and on our investments in associates (Note 9), which are accounted for using the equity method. The fair value
of other investments was $2.5 billion at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $1.5 billion) and the carrying value of Investment in
associates was $3.8 billion at December 31, 2025 (2024 – $4.0 billion).
The Company sponsors a number of deferred compensation arrangements where payments to participants are
deferred and linked to the performance of the common shares of IGM Financial Inc. The Company hedges its
exposure to this risk through the use of forward agreements and total return swaps.




                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   129
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    C  113
                               Foreign exchange risk
                               The Company is exposed to foreign exchange risk on its investment in ChinaAMC and Rockefeller. Changes to
                               the carrying value due to changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized in Other comprehensive income.
                               As at December 31, 2025, a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian currency relative to foreign currencies
                               would decrease (increase) the aggregate carrying value of foreign investments by approximately $120.0 million
                               ($132.7 million).
                               The Company’s proportionate share of ChinaAMC’s and Rockefeller’s earnings, recorded in Proportionate share of
                               associates’ earnings in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, is also affected by changes in foreign exchange rates.
                               For the year ended December 31, 2025, the impact to net earnings of a 5% appreciation (depreciation) in Canadian
                               currency relative to foreign currencies would decrease (increase) the Company’s proportionate share of associates’
                               earnings (losses) by approximately $6.6 million ($7.3 million).

                               Risks related to assets under management and advisement
                               Risks related to the performance of the equity markets, changes in interest rates and changes in foreign currencies
                               relative to the Canadian dollar can have a significant impact on the level and mix of assets under management and
                               advisement. These changes in assets under management and advisement directly impact earnings.


                               Note 23. Derivative financial instruments

                               The Company enters into derivative contracts which are either exchange-traded or negotiated in the over-the-counter
                               market on a diversified basis with Schedule I chartered banks or Canadian bank-sponsored securitization trusts that
                               are counterparties to the Company’s securitization transactions. In all cases, the derivative contracts are used for
                               non-trading purposes. Interest rate swaps are contractual agreements between two parties to exchange the related
                               interest payments based on a specified notional amount and reference rate for a specified period. Total return swaps
                               are contractual agreements to exchange payments based on a specified notional amount and the underlying security
                               for a specific period. Options are contractual agreements which convey the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell
                               specific financial instruments at a fixed price at a future date. Forward contracts are contractual agreements to buy or
                               sell a financial instrument on a future date at a specified price.
                               Certain of the Company’s derivative financial instruments are subject to master netting arrangements and are
                               presented on a gross basis. The amount subject to credit risk is limited to the current fair value of the instruments
                               which are in a gain position and recorded as assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The total estimated fair value
                               represents the total amount that the Company would receive or pay to terminate all agreements at each year end.
                               However, this would not result in a gain or loss to the Company as the derivative instruments which correlate to certain
                               assets and liabilities provide offsetting gains or losses.




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                              130 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  114                                                             P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
The following table summarizes the Company’s derivative financial instruments:
                                                                                  Notional amount                                     Fair value
                                                   1 year               1–5     Over 5
                                                   or less              years    years       Total       Credit risk        Asset      Liability
2025
Swaps
 Hedge accounting                           $          – $ 53,125 $             18,250 $ 71,375      $         112     $      112 $          47
 No hedge accounting                             533,428 1,055,603               7,821 1,596,852            19,683         19,683        15,103
Forward contracts
 Hedge accounting                                  32,276              65,612       –      97,888           50,166         50,166             –
                                            $ 565,704 $ 1,174,340 $             26,071 $ 1,766,115   $      69,961     $   69,961 $      15,150

2024
Swaps
 Hedge accounting                           $          – $  87,935 $                 – $  87,935     $          13     $       13 $         183
 No hedge accounting                             451,652 1,345,304               9,691 1,806,647            21,312         21,312        25,538
Forward contracts
 Hedge accounting                                  23,381              64,048       –      87,429           14,697         14,697             –
                                            $ 475,033 $ 1,497,287 $              9,691 $ 1,982,011   $      36,022     $   36,022 $      25,721

The credit risk related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments after giving effect to any netting agreements
was $59.7 million (2024 – $19.3 million).
The credit risk related to the Company’s derivative financial instruments after giving effect to netting agreements
and including rights to future net interest income, was $60.1 million (2024 – $20.6 million). Rights to future net interest
income are related to the Company’s securitization activities and are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


Note 24. Fair value of financial instruments

Fair values are management’s estimates and are calculated using market conditions at a specific point in time and
may not reflect future fair values. The calculations are subjective in nature, involve uncertainties and are matters of
significant judgment.
All financial instruments measured at fair value and those for which fair value is disclosed are classified into one of
three levels that distinguish fair value measurements by the significance of the inputs used for valuation.
Fair value is determined based on the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the
most advantageous market, utilizing a hierarchy of three different valuation techniques, based on the lowest level
input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety.
    Level 1 – Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
    Level 2 – Observable inputs other than Level 1 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;
              quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; or inputs other than




                                                                                                                                                   PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
              quoted prices that are observable or corroborated by observable market data; and
    Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity. Valuation techniques are primarily
              model-based.
Markets are considered inactive when transactions are not occurring with sufficient regularity. Inactive markets may
be characterized by a significant decline in the volume and level of observed trading activity or through large or
erratic bid/offer spreads. In those instances where traded markets are not considered sufficiently active, fair value is
measured using valuation models which may utilize predominantly observable market inputs (Level 2) or may utilize
predominantly non-observable market inputs (Level 3). Management considers all reasonably available information
including indicative broker quotations, any available pricing for similar instruments, recent arm’s length market
transactions, any relevant observable market inputs, and internal model-based estimates. Management exercises

                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS              131
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                C  115
                               judgment in determining the most appropriate inputs and the weighting ascribed to each input as well as in the
                               selection of valuation methodologies.
                               Fair value is determined using the following methods and assumptions:
                                 Other investments and other financial assets and financial liabilities are valued using quoted prices from active
                                 markets, when available. When a quoted market price is not readily available, valuation techniques are used that
                                 require assumptions related to discount rates and the timing and amount of future cash flows. Wherever possible,
                                 observable market inputs are used in the valuation techniques.

                                 Loans classified as Level 2 are valued using market interest rates for loans with similar credit risk and maturity.

                                 Loans classified as Level 3 are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market yields.

                                 Valuation methods used for Other investments classified as Level 3 include comparison to market transactions with
                                 arm’s length third parties, use of market multiples, and discounted cash flow analysis.

                                 Obligations to securitization entities are valued by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market
                                 yields for securities issued by these securitization entities having similar terms and characteristics.

                                 Long-term debt is valued using quoted prices for each debenture available in the market.

                                 Derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted market prices, where available, prevailing market rates
                                 for instruments with similar characteristics and maturities, or discounted cash flow analysis.

                               Level 1 financial instruments include exchange-traded equity investments and open-end investment fund units and
                               other financial liabilities in instances where there are quoted prices available from active markets.
                               Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, loans, derivative financial instruments and long-term
                               debt. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using quoted market prices or independent dealer price
                               quotes. The fair value of derivative financial instruments is determined using valuation models, discounted cash flow
                               methodologies, or similar techniques using primarily observable market inputs. The fair value of long-term debt is
                               determined using indicative broker quotes.
                               Level 3 assets and liabilities include investments with little or no trading activity valued using broker-dealer quotes,
                               loans, other financial assets, obligations to securitization entities and derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial
                               instruments consist of principal reinvestment account swaps which represent the component of a swap entered into
                               under the CMB Program whereby the Company pays coupons on Canada Mortgage Bonds and receives investment
                               returns on the reinvestment of repaid mortgage principal. Fair value is determined by discounting the projected cash
                               flows of the swaps. The notional amount, which is an input used to determine the fair value of the swap, is determined
                               using an average unobservable prepayment rate of 15% which is based on historical prepayment patterns. An increase
                               (decrease) in the assumed mortgage prepayment rate increases (decreases) the notional amount of the swap. Level
                               3 Other investments of $2,413 million are predominantly comprised of early-stage financial technology companies,
                               including Wealthsimple with a fair value of $2,258 million. Fair value is determined by using observable transactions
                               in the investments’ securities, where available, discounted cash flows, and other valuation metrics, including revenue




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               multiples, used in the valuation of comparable public companies. A 5% increase (decrease) to forecasted cash flows or
                               revenue multiples would result in an increase (decrease) in fair value of the Company’s investment in Wealthsimple of
                               approximately $113 million.
                               The following table presents the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including
                               their levels in the fair value hierarchy. The table distinguishes between those financial instruments recorded at fair value
                               and those recorded at amortized cost. The table also excludes fair value information for financial assets and financial
                               liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value. These items
                               include cash and cash equivalents, client funds on deposit, accounts and other receivables, certain other financial
                               assets, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, client deposits, and certain other financial liabilities.




                              132 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                    C  116                                                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
                                                                                                                                                     Fair value
                                                                                        Carrying
                                                                                           value            Level 1       Level 2        Level 3            Total
2025
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                           $ 2,412,868       $         – $           – $ 2,412,868 $ 2,412,868
   – FVTPL                                                                                109,252           109,252             –           –     109,252
 Derivative financial instruments                                                          69,961                 –        66,874       3,087      69,961
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
   – Amortized cost                                                                    5,262,064                  –      499,359      4,890,342      5,389,701
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                            15,150               –         7,665          7,485        15,150
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                                4,815,312                  –             –     4,916,463      4,916,463
 Long-term debt                                                                        2,400,000                  –     2,441,727             –      2,441,727

2024
Financial assets recorded at fair value
 Other investments
   – FVTOCI                                                                           $ 1,350,376       $         – $           – $ 1,350,376 $ 1,350,376
   – FVTPL                                                                                118,081           118,081             –           –     118,081
 Derivative financial instruments                                                          36,022                 –        30,212       5,810      36,022
Financial assets recorded at amortized cost
 Loans
   – Amortized cost                                                                    5,462,405                  –       413,443     5,078,431      5,491,874
Financial liabilities recorded at fair value
 Derivative financial instruments                                                            25,721               –        16,317          9,404        25,721
Financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost
 Obligations to securitization entities                                                5,024,916                  –             –     5,098,441      5,098,441
 Long-term debt                                                                        2,400,000                  –     2,485,403             –      2,485,403

There were no significant transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 in 2025 and 2024.
The following table provides a summary of changes in Level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring
basis. There were no transfers in or out of Level 3 in 2025 and 2024.
                                                                                               Gains (losses)
                                                                                                   included
                                                                          Gains (losses)            in Other      Purchases
                                                         Balance           included in        comprehensive             and                            Balance
                                                       January 1          Net earnings (1)           income       issuances       Settlements      December 31
2025
Other investments




                                                                                                                                                                    PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
 – FVTOCI                                          $ 1,350,376 $                      – $             971,166 $       117,503 $       26,177 $       2,412,868
Derivative financial instruments, net                   (3,594)                   2,686                     –          (1,703)         1,787            (4,398)

2024
Other investments
 – FVTOCI                                          $      721,379 $                   – $             604,009 $        25,207 $          219 $       1,350,376
 – FVTPL                                                   11,429                     –                     –               –         11,429                 –
Derivative financial instruments, net                       7,721               (12,146)                    –          (1,998)        (2,829)           (3,594)
(1) Included in Wealth management revenue or Net investment income and other in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.




                                              IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                       133
                              P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                        C  117
                               Note 25. Earnings per common share

                                                                                                                                                                                      2025        2024
                               Earnings
                                Net earnings                                                                                                                                   $ 1,107,002 $ 937,439
                                Non-controlling interest                                                                                                                            (6,033)   (3,925)
                                Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                                                  $ 1,100,969 $ 933,514
                               Number of common shares (in thousands)
                                Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                                                                                                236,477     237,287
                                Add: Potential exercise of outstanding stock options(1)                                                                                                 873         322
                                Average number of common shares outstanding – diluted basis                                                                                         237,350     237,609
                               Earnings per common share (in dollars)
                                Basic                                                                                                                                          $       4.66 $      3.93
                                Diluted                                                                                                                                        $       4.64 $      3.93
                               (1) Excludes 16 thousand shares in 2025 related to outstanding stock options that were anti-dilutive (2024 – 451 thousand).




                               Note 26. Contingent liabilities and guarantees

                               Contingent liabilities
                               The Company is subject to legal actions arising in the normal course of its business. In December 2018, a proposed
                               class action was filed in the Ontario Superior Court against Mackenzie Financial Corporation (Mackenzie) which alleges
                               that the company should not have paid mutual fund trailing commissions to order execution only dealers. This action
                               was certified in January 2024. In August 2022, a second proposed class action concerning the same subject matter was
                               filed against Mackenzie.
                               In late March 2023, the Company was notified by one of our third-party vendors, InvestorCOM Inc., that they were
                               compromised due to a cybersecurity incident related to a technology supplier to InvestorCOM, GoAnywhere. The
                               Company has notified impacted clients and offered credit monitoring at no cost for all clients. Four proposed class
                               actions have been filed against Mackenzie concerning this incident, one of which was certified during 2025.
                               Although it is difficult to predict the outcome of any such legal actions, based on current knowledge, management
                               does not expect the outcome of any of these matters, individually or in aggregate, to have a material adverse effect
                               on the Company’s consolidated financial position.

                               Guarantees
                               In the normal course of operations, the Company executes agreements that provide for indemnifications to third
                               parties in transactions such as business dispositions, business acquisitions, loans and securitization transactions. The
                               Company has also agreed to indemnify its directors and officers. The nature of these agreements precludes the
                               possibility of making a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount the Company could be required to




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               pay third parties as the agreements often do not specify a maximum amount and the amounts are dependent on
                               the outcome of future contingent events, the nature and likelihood of which cannot be determined. Historically, the
                               Company has not made any payments under such indemnification agreements. No provisions have been recognized
                               related to these agreements.




                              134 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      C  118                                                                                        P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Note 27. Related party transactions

Transactions and balances with related entities
The Company enters into transactions with Canada Life, which is a subsidiary of its affiliate, Lifeco, which is a subsidiary
of Power. These transactions are in the normal course of operations and have been recorded at fair value:
• During 2025 and 2024, the Company provided to and received from Canada Life certain administrative services. The
  Company distributes insurance products under a distribution agreement with Canada Life and received $60.8 million
  in distribution fees (2024 – $60.4 million). The Company received $63.2 million (2024 – $62.0 million) and paid
  $5.9 million (2024 – $5.3 million) to Canada Life and related subsidiary companies for the provision of sub-advisory
  services for certain investment funds.
After obtaining advanced tax rulings in 2024, the Company agreed to a tax loss consolidation transaction with a
subsidiary of Power whereby shares of an affiliate that has generated tax losses was acquired on December 20, 2024.
The Company recognized the benefit of the tax losses realized in the fourth quarter of 2024.
On October 31, 2025, the Company invested an additional $100 million in Wealthsimple, which is controlled by Power.

Key management compensation
The total compensation and other benefits to directors and employees classified as key management, being individuals
having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company, are as follows:
                                                                                                                2025              2024
Compensation and employee benefits                                                                      $      4,516   $      4,400
Post-employment benefits                                                                                       5,463          5,056
Share-based payments                                                                                           6,016          3,720
                                                                                                        $     15,995   $     13,176

Share-based payments exclude the fair value remeasurement of the deferred share units associated with changes in
the Company’s share price (Note 20).


Note 28. Segmented information

The Company’s reportable segments are:
• Wealth Management
• Asset Management
• Corporate and Other
These segments reflect the Company’s internal financial reporting and performance measurement.
• Wealth Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments that are principally focused
  on providing financial planning and related services to retail client households. This segment includes the activities




                                                                                                                                         PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
  of IG Wealth Management which is a retail distribution organization that serves Canadian households through its
  investment dealer and other subsidiaries licensed to distribute financial products and services. A majority of the
  revenues of this segment are derived from providing financial advice and distributing financial products and services
  to Canadian households. This segment also includes the investment management activities of these organizations,
  including mutual fund management and discretionary portfolio management services. This segment also includes
  the Company’s strategic investments in Rockefeller and Wealthsimple. Rockefeller is classified as an investment in
  associate and accounted for using the equity method, with the proportionate share of earnings included in revenue.
  Wealthsimple is classified as an investment which is accounted for at FVTOCI and therefore has no impact on the
  segment earnings.
• Asset Management – reflects the activities of its core business and strategic investments primarily focused on
  providing investment management services. This segment includes the operations of Mackenzie Investments

                                       IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    135
                       P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                    C  119
                                 which provides investment management services to a suite of investment funds that are distributed through third
                                 party dealers and financial advisors, and through institutional advisory mandates to financial institutions, pensions
                                 and other institutional investors. This segment also includes the Company’s strategic investment in ChinaAMC
                                 and Northleaf which are classified as investments in associates and accounted for using the equity method. The
                                 proportionate share of earnings on these investments are included in the segment’s revenue.
                               • Corporate and Other – primarily represents investments in Lifeco and Portage Ventures LPs, the Company’s
                                 unallocated capital, as well as consolidation elimination entries.

                               2025
                                                                                                    Wealth           Asset          Corporate                Total
                                                                                                Management     Management           and Other             Segment          Adjustments (1)        Total
                               Revenues
                                Wealth management                                           $ 2,732,805 $                   – $        (15,382) $ 2,717,423 $                         – $ 2,717,423

                                Asset management                                                          –      1,169,746           (108,667)          1,061,079                     –      1,061,079
                                Dealer compensation                                                       –       (335,632)             (6,240)          (341,872)                    –       (341,872)
                                Net asset management                                                      –         834,114          (114,907)             719,207                    –       719,207

                                Net investment income and other                                      8,008           15,164             19,161               42,333                   –        42,333
                                Gain on partial sales of investment in
                                associates (Note 9)                                                      –                –                 –                    –              44,578         44,578
                                Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                         11,271          158,533           112,530              282,334             (18,152)       264,182
                                                                                                 2,752,084       1,007,811                1,402         3,761,297               26,426       3,787,723
                               Expenses
                                Advisory and business development                                1,152,653           99,831                 (9)         1,252,475                     –      1,252,475
                                Operations and support                                             476,068          394,798             2,567             873,433                     –        873,433
                                Sub-advisory                                                       215,964            6,062          (130,289)             91,737                     –         91,737
                                                                                                 1,844,685          500,691          (127,731)          2,217,645                     –      2,217,645
                                                                                                  907,399           507,120           129,133           1,543,652               26,426       1,570,078
                               Interest expense(2)                                                103,198            25,972                 –             129,170                    –         129,170
                               Earnings before income taxes                                       804,201           481,148           129,133           1,414,482               26,426       1,440,908
                               Income taxes                                                       213,196            97,744             4,483             315,423               18,483         333,906
                                                                                                  591,005           383,404           124,650           1,099,059                7,943       1,107,002
                               Non-controlling interest                                                 –            (6,033)                –              (6,033)                   –          (6,033)
                                                                                            $     591,005 $         377,371 $         124,650           1,093,026                7,943       1,100,969
                               Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                        (18,152)            18,152                –
                               Gain on partial sales of investment in associates,
                               net of tax(1)                                                                                                                 26,095            (26,095)               –
                               Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                        $ 1,100,969 $                     – $ 1,100,969

                               Identifiable assets                                          $ 13,834,831 $ 4,057,093 $ 1,873,055 $ 19,764,979 $                                       – $ 19,764,979
                               Goodwill                                                          1,346,245       1,290,526                      –       2,636,771                     –      2,636,771




PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.
                               Total assets                                                 $ 15,181,076 $ 5,347,619 $ 1,873,055 $ 22,401,750 $                                       – $ 22,401,750
                               (1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items and Gain on partial sales of investment in associates are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded
                                   from segment results. These items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
                               (2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                              136 IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                      C  120                                                                                   P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
2024
                                                                        Wealth           Asset       Corporate             Total
                                                                    Management     Management        and Other          Segment       Adjustments (1)            Total
Revenues
 Wealth management                                              $ 2,445,646 $                – $         (9,544) $ 2,436,102 $                     – $ 2,436,102

 Asset management                                                              –    1,108,199         (105,517)       1,002,682                    –      1,002,682
 Dealer compensation                                                           –     (325,266)           (3,902)       (329,168)                   –       (329,168)
 Net asset management                                                          –      782,933         (109,419)          673,514                   –        673,514

 Net investment income and other                                         12,383        23,180           17,478            53,041                 –           53,041
 Proportionate share of associates’ earnings                            (10,067)      133,065           99,941           222,939           (10,162)         212,777
                                                                     2,447,962        939,178            (1,544)      3,385,596            (10,162)       3,375,434
Expenses
 Advisory and business development                                   1,033,896         86,842                (8)      1,120,730                    –      1,120,730
 Operations and support                                                463,096        371,989            2,571          837,656                    –        837,656
 Sub-advisory                                                          191,379          5,643         (118,963)          78,059                    –         78,059
                                                                     1,688,371        464,474         (116,400)       2,036,445                    –      2,036,445
                                                                       759,591        474,704          114,856        1,349,151            (10,162)       1,338,989
Interest expense(2)                                                    103,255         26,124                –          129,379                  –          129,379
Earnings before income taxes                                           656,336        448,580          114,856        1,219,772            (10,162)       1,209,610
Income taxes                                                           178,596         94,281            3,995          276,872              (4,701)        272,171
                                                                       477,740        354,299          110,861           942,900             (5,461)        937,439
Non-controlling interest                                                     –         (3,925)               –            (3,925)                 –          (3,925)
                                                                $      477,740 $      350,374 $        110,861           938,975             (5,461)        933,514
Lifeco other items(1)                                                                                                      (6,862)            6,862                  –
Tax loss consolidation(1)                                                                                                   4,701            (4,701)                 –
Rockefeller debt refinancing(1)                                                                                            (3,300)            3,300                  –
Net earnings available to common shareholders                                                                            933,514                   –        933,514

Identifiable assets                                             $ 12,927,415 $ 3,802,327 $ 1,316,459 $ 18,046,201 $                                – $ 18,046,201
Goodwill                                                             1,346,245      1,290,526                  –      2,636,771                    –      2,636,771
Total assets                                                    $ 14,273,660 $ 5,092,853 $ 1,316,459 $ 20,682,972 $                                – $ 20,682,972
(1) The proportionate share of Lifeco other items, Tax loss consolidation and Rockefeller debt refinancing are not related to a specific segment and therefore excluded
    from segment results. These items have been adjusted to reconcile Total Segment results to the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
(2) Interest expense includes interest on long-term debt and interest on leases.




                                                                                                                                                                          PART C / IGM FINANCIAL INC.




                                               IGM FINANCIAL INC. | 2025 ANNUAL REPORT | NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                           137
                               P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA                                                                            C  121
Page intentionally left blank.




     C  122                      P O W E R C O R P O R AT I O N O F C A N A DA
Corporate Information


Power Corporation of Canada
751 Victoria Square                                                161 Bay Street, Suite 5000
Montréal, Quebec, Canada H2Y 2J3                                   Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5J 2S1
514-286-7400                                                       416-607-2250
1-800-890-7440
corporate.secretary@powercorp.com


www.powercorporation.com




This document is also available on the Corporation’s website       TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR
and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.                                 Computershare Investor Services Inc.

STOCK LISTINGS                                                     Offices in:

Shares of Power Corporation of Canada are listed on the            Montréal, Quebec; Toronto, Ontario;

Toronto Stock Exchange:                                            Vancouver, British Columbia
                                                                   www.investorcentre.com
Subordinate Voting Shares: POW
Participating Preferred Shares: POW.PR.E                           SHAREHOLDER SERVICES
                                                                   Shareholders with questions relating to the payment of
First Preferred Shares, Series A: POW.PR.A
                                                                   dividends, change of address, share certificates, direct registration
First Preferred Shares, Series B: POW.PR.B
                                                                   and estate transfers should contact the Transfer Agent:
First Preferred Shares, Series C: POW.PR.C
First Preferred Shares, Series D: POW.PR.D                         Computershare Investor Services Inc.
First Preferred Shares, Series G: POW.PR.G                         Shareholder Services
First Preferred Shares, Series H: POW.PR.H                         320 Bay Street, 14th Floor
First Preferred Shares, Series I: POW.PR.I                         Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 4A6
                                                                   1-800-564-6253 (toll-free in Canada and the U.S.)
                                                                   or 514-982-7555
                                                                   www.computershare.com




                      Power Corporation of Canada is a certified
                      Imagine Canada Caring Company,
                      recognized for leadership and excellence
                      in community investment.




To learn more about the organizations we support, visit
www.PowerCorporationCommunity.com
